Kinetic parameter ND D D + dn-RhoA D + dn-Rac1. 
Effect of serum deprivation on the kinetic parameters of the allosteric proton regulatory site in human breast cell monolayers. 
Values are expressed as mean ± standard error for Vmax (mmol/l H+/minute) and H+ apparent K' (?mol/l) measured at 135 mmol/l external sodium. The Hill coefficient (napp) was derived at 135 mmol/l external sodium. Confluent cell monolayers were either kept in serum complete medium (nondeprived [ND]) or were placed in serum free growth medium (D) minus or plus dominant negative (dn)-RhoA or dn-Rac1 for 24 hours prior to measurement of ?H+. n = 5; * P < 0.01, † P < 0.001, versus ND. 
Reference Agent administered Number of subjects Response(%) Clinical benefit(%) Time to progression(months). 
Response and time to progression in randomized trials comparing aromatase inhibitors and tamoxifen as neoadjuvant therapy or in advanced breast cancer. 
Letrozole Tamoxifen      Phenotype n RR (%) n RR (%) P. 
Comparison of oestrogen and progesterone receptor phenotypes with response in a neoadjuvant trial of tamoxifen versus letrozole. 
ER, oestrogen receptor; NS, not significant; PgR, progesterone receptor; RR, response rate. Data from Ellis and coworkers [32]. 
Combination Clinical setting Number of patients Primary end-point Trial group. 
Phase I/II clinical trials in oestrogen receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer. 
CBR, clinical benefit rate; ORR, objective response rate; PK/PD, pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic. 
Combination Clinical setting Number of patients Primary end-point Trial group. 
Randomized phase II clinical trials in oestrogen receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer. 
ORR, objective response rate. 
Substrate Phosphorylation sequence Reference. 
Known PAK substrates with their phosphorylation sequence. 
Characteristic IGFBP-3 score P No. of patients      Negative Weak (1+) Strong (2+)  . 
Relationship between IGFBP-3 expression and clinicopathology. 
DCIS, ductal carcinoma in situ ; ER, oestrogen receptor; GPG, good prognostic group; IHC, immunohistochemistry; MPG, moderate prognostic group; NPI, Nottingham Prognostic Index; PPG, poor prognostic group; VNPC, Van Nuys Pathologic classification. Significant P values ( P < 0.05) are indicated in bold. 
*Patient numbers reflect those in whom IGFBP-3 was evaluable. 
Cancer type Total no. of tumours IGFBP-3 IHC score      Negative (0) Weak/moderate (1+) Strong (2+). 
Immunohistochemical (IHC) scores (0–2) for IGFBP-3 expression in the cytoplasm of invasive ductal cancers and ductal carcinoma in situ. 
Tumour numbers scored (0–2) on immunohistochemistry (IHC) for IGFBP-3 expression in the cytoplasm of invasive cancers and ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS). IHC expression was individually assessed in the nucleus and cytoplasm, and defined as negative (0), weak/moderate (1+) or strong (2+). Positivity for IGFBP-3 expression was defined as an IHC score of (1+/2+). 
Variable Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis  95% CI P 95% CI P. 
Relationships between clinicopathological criteria, cytoplasmic IGFBP-3 and patient outcome. 
Confidence intervals (CI) and P values are given for the results of both the univariate and multivariate analyses. The multivariate analysis is adjusted for Nottingham Prognostic Index (NPI) (nodes, grade and size) and treatment (tamoxifen/chemotherapy/none). Data for univariate analysis were evaluable in 95 patients (reflecting the exclusion of six local tumour recurrences as described in the Methods section) and included a multivariate analysis on 84 cases that excluded non-evaluable NPI in 11 patients. All clinicopathological variables and cytoplasmic IGFBP-3 immunohistochemistry (IHC) scores were analysed as a continuum, with lymph node status and lymphovascular invasion assessed as present or absent. Significant P values ( P < 0.05) are indicated in bold. 
ER, oestrogen receptor. 
Focal adhesion kinase expression P value*     Negative Strong Intermediate . 
Clinicopathological data and focal adhesion kinase expression in 162 node-negative breast cancers. 
* P value of chi-squared analysis. 
Antibody  Dilution Source. 
Primary antibodies used for immunohistochemistry. 
Focal adhesion kinase expression P value*     Negative Intermediate Strong . 
Correlation between focal adhesion kinase, HER2, estrogen receptor, phospho-Src Tyr-215 and phospho-Src Tyr-416, phospho-Akt and phospho-ERK1/2 immunohistochemistry. 
* P value of chi-squared analysis. 
aNegative, percentage of phospho-Akt-positive cells ? 45%; positive, percentage of phospho-Akt-positive cells > 45%. 
Disease Mediators inhibited by AT1 blockade Reference. 
AT1 as a key inductor of inflammation and disease. A wide range of pro-inflammatory mediators, cytokines, chemokines and surface adhesion moleculesinvolved in a number of diseases are induced by AT1 and thus inhibited by its blockade. 
Gene Mutation Disease. 
Mechanism of oncogenic activation of tyrosine kinase. 
Inhibitor Target kinase(s) Company Cancer Status Ref. 
Protein kinase inhibitors in clinical trials. 
BC- Breast cancer, LC- Lung cancer, NSCLC- Non small cell lung cancer, SSC- squamous cell carcinoma, CR- Colorectal cancer, CML- Chronic myeloid leukemia, GIST- Gastrointestinial stromal tumor, CTCL-Cutaneous T cell lymphoma, NHL- Non Hodgkins lymphoma, HD- Hodgkins disease, Pan.C – Pancreatic cancer, Ren.C- Renal cancer, KHK- Kyowa Hakko Kogyo Ltd. 
Case Nucleotide Substitutiona Amino acid change Age Sex MSI Statusb,c KRAS Mutationc Tumour site Tumour type IMd. 
Spectrum of PIK3CA mutations in gastric adenocarcinoma. 
aNucleotide change at the position within coding sequence, where position 1 corresponds to the first position of the start codon. 
bHigh, high level of MSI; Stable, microsatellite stable. 
cAnalysis of KRAS mutations have been performed and reported previously [16]. 
dIM, the presence of intestinal metaplasia at tumour edge; 1, present; 0, absent. 
prey Iporin ?N847 bait control his3 lacZ. 
Interaction of Iporin ?N847 with different rab proteins/isoforms. 
Results obtained from co-transformation assays in yeast. Clones were cultivated on selection plates lacking tryptophan and leucine (control) or lacking additionally histidine and were supplemented with 50 mM 3-aminotriazol (his3). The ?-galactosidase activity was determined using X-gal as substrate on filter lift assays (lacZ). - = no growth on selection plates or no ?-galactosidase activity; +/- = background growth or ?-galactosidase activity appears overnight; + = slow growth; ++ = strong growth or ?-galactosidase activity appears after a few hours; +++ = very fast growth or high ?-galactosidase activity. 
Fold change. 
Expression of different sulfatases in normal pancreas (No), chronic pancreatitis (CP), primary pancreatic cancer (CA) and pancreatic cancer metastasis (Mx) tissues as determined by DNA array analysis. 
Control GSNO    Receptor (agonist) log(EC50) Emax (%) log(EC50) Emax (%). 
Effects of GSNO treatment on agonist dose-response parameters in [35S]GTP?S binding assays of various Gi-coupled receptors in their native cellular environment. Membranes or lysates were preincubated in control conditions or in the presence of 0.5 mM GSNO for 30 min. Values are mean ± SE from three to four independent experiments performed in duplicate. Emax is expressed in percentage over basal with nonspecific binding subtracted. 
* Statistically different from control (P < 0.05). 
** Statistically different from control (P < 0.01). 
*** Statistically different from control (P < 0.001). 
Control GSNO    CHO cell line log(EC50) Emax (%) log(EC50) Emax (%). 
Effects of GSNO treatment on agonist (CCh) dose-response parameters in [35S]GTP?S binding assays of hM4 cell line membranes. Membranes were preincubated in control conditions or in the presence of 0.5 mM GSNO for 30 min. Values are mean ± SE from three to four independent experiments performed in duplicate. Emax is expressed in percentage over basal with nonspecific binding subtracted. 
* Statistically different from control (P < 0.05). 
** Statistically different from control (P < 0.01). 
GO Process Genes. 
Gene ontology classification of 54 genes identified by a linear discriminant. 
A level 3 annotation of the biological process Gene Ontology terms was applied to the list. Due to biological complexity, a gene can occur in more than one category. 
Ap LD Ai Gene Pval R. 
Differentially expressed genes from three analyses. ANOVA of xenograft data vs parental cell lines found 149 differential genes (designated ' Ap'), Linear discriminant analysis found 54 genes (designated 'LD') and ANOVA of individual xenograft tumors yielded a consensus of 12 genes (designated 'Ai'). For each gene, its presence is denoted by '1' and its absence noted by '0'. The maximum MANOVA Pvalue is reported along with the aggregate ratio (designated by 'R'). For genes with multiple independent probes, the probe reporting the maximum Pvalue is shown. Seven genes common to all three lists are in bold text. 
GO Process % Genes. 
Biological process classification of 175 genes derived from three analyses. The 149 genes derived from the ANOVA analysis of xenograft versus parental cell line data, the 54 genes identified by the linear discriminant analysis and the 12 genes derived from the intersect of ANOVA of individual tumors are shown. Gene Ontology terms were extracted at level 3 for the Unigene gene names. Not shown are genes multiply annotated into additional singular categories or genes absent from the Gene Ontology. Percentages were calculated from a total of 317 classifications into 31 Biological Process terms. 
GO Function % Genes. 
Molecular function classification of 175 genes derived from three analyses. As in Table 3, the gene names from three analyses were annotated according to the Gene Ontology Molecular Function categories. Not shown are genes multiply annotated into additional singular categories or genes absent from the Gene Ontology. Percentages were calculated from a total of 251 gene classifications into 52 Molecular Function terms. 
Interaction partner Function Detected References. 
CK2? specific interacting proteins. 
Untreated ?IR3 Mouse IgG. 
Effect of antibody ?IR3 on transformation and tumor growth. 
U87 U87-WT U87-MK   # cellsa #tumors (%) Weight (g) #tumors (%) Weight (g) #tumors (%) Weight (g). 
Growth of infected U87 cells in nude mice. 
Weight is given as mean ± SEM. (a) mice with 5 × 105 cells sacrificed after 10 weeks, mice with 106 cells sacrificed after 6 weeks. Asterisks denote statistical significance (P < 0.05) versus parental cells. 
Immunomodulatory activities of mushroom compounds on hematopoietic stem cells. 
Immunomodulatory activities of mushroom products on macrophages. 
Immunomodulatory activities of mushroom products on NK cells. 
Immunomodulatory activities of mushroom compounds on DCs. 
Immunomodulatory activities of mushroom compounds on complement. 
Immunomodulatory activities of mushroom compounds on T cells. 
Immunomodulatory activities of mushroom compounds on B cells. 
Case Previous primary (months before) DNA mutations Predicted Protein changes Subsequent Metastasis (months later). 
B-raf exon 15 mutations in resection specimens of melanoma cutaneous/subcutaneous metastases. Predicted protein sequence alterations are listed together with the clinical course of the disease in patients' follow up. Distinct mutations in two different abnormal bands in SSCP gels are specified by two lines for one melanoma. 
Abbreviations used in Table 1: A, adenine; C, cytosine; D, asparagin acid; E, glutamic acid; F, phenylalanine; G, glycine; g, guanine; I, isoleucine; K, lysine; L, leucine; LMM, lentiginous malignant melanoma; LN, lymph node; m, month(s); MM-2.7-IV, melanoma, not further classified, tumour thickness according to Breslow 2.7 mm, Clark's level IV; N, asparagine; NM, nodular melanoma; P, proline; S, serine; sc, subcutaneous; simult, simultaneous; SSM, superficial spreading melanoma; T, thymine; T1857A, change from thymine to adenine at nucleotide 1857 (according to NCBI accession number NM_004333, the start codon ATG corresponding to nucleotide positions 1–3); V, valine; V599E, substitution of valine to glutamic acid at codon 599 (according to NCBI accession number NP_004324.1); WT, wild type of protein sequence. 
Ratio (C3/C5) Gene ID. 
Receptors. 
Ratio (C3/C5) Gene ID. 
Translation Factors. 
Author [reference] Country Era Sample size HBsAg + (%) Anti-HCV + (%) HBsAg/anti HCV + (%) Other (%). 
Relative frequencies of HBV and HCV related HCC in the world. 
NR: not reported; Bold: predominant cause. 
Author [reference] Country Number/100,000 era 1 Number/100,000 era 2. 
Time trends on the incidence of HCC in the world. 
Author [reference] Era Sample size HBsAg + (%) Anti-HCV + (%) HBsAg/anti HCV + (%) Other (%). 
Changing causes of HCC in Japan, 1971–95. 
Bold: predominant cause. 
Author [reference] Country Type of study Interferon regimen (duration in weeks) Follow-up (range) in months Sample size Rate of HCC (n/n) Significance. 
Studies of treatment with interferon-? for prevention of HCC in patients with hepatitis B-related cirrhosis. 
NRCT: non-randomized controlled trial. 
P: prospective. 
T: treated. 
C: controls. 
MU: million units. 
NR: not reported. 
Author [reference] Country Type of study Interferon regimen (duration in weeks) Follow-up (range) in months Sample size Rate of HCC (n/n) Significance. 
Studies on treatment with interferon-? for prevention of HCC in patients with HCV-related cirrhosis. 
NRCT: non-randomized controlled trial. 
RCT: randomized controlled trial. 
P: prospective. 
R: retrospective. 
NR: not reported. 
T: treated. 
C: controls. 
MU: million units. 
Upregulated v-Fos specific candidate genes. 
Genes whose expression was upregulated (i.e., increased by a factor? 2) in FBJ/R cells (but not in CMVc- fos cells) and was conditionally regulated in LacIv- fos cells. 
Downregulated v-Fos-specific candidate genes. 
Genes whose expression was downregulated (i.e., decreased by a factor ? 2) in FBJ/R cells (but not in CMVc- fos cells) and was conditionally regulated in LacIv- fos cells. 
Coagulation factors Effects. 
Coagulation factors and the associated regulatory proteins in EOC. 
hK family member Location Expression level and site Clinical feature Prognosis. 
Expression and clinical features of hK members in ovarian cancer. 
Cytokine Effect. 
Cytokines involved in inflammation in ovarian cancer. 
Chemokine Receptor Cells targeted Comments. 
Chemokines involved in ovarian pathogenesis. 
Product Procoagulant effect. 
Procoagulant effects of inflammation products. 
Hierarchical filter analysis for selection of substantially altered expression levels. 
* SLR: Signal log Ratio. 
actinomycin D doxorubicin vincristine HG-U133A. 
Distribution of the probesets affected by the various drugs to categories of the GO biological categories. 
Based on the 'Gene Ontology Standard Vocabulary' the probesets affected by actinomycin D, doxorubicin and vincristine were sorted according to the 'Biological Process' into the indicated major categories. The number of probesets with annotated biological processes is given and corresponds to approximately 66% of the probesets affected. The two major categories investigated are shown in bold and subcategories of the previous process are indicated by offset. As a reference the distribution of all annotated probesets of the HG-U133A array to the same categories are listed. Genes significantly overrepresented in the target lists were identified using the statistics (hypergeometric distribution) implemented in the 'GO browser' of Spotfire DecisionSite for Functional Genomics. *, ** and *** indicate p-values of p < 0.05, p < 0.01, and p < 0.001, respectively. 
Features of Completed Fungal Genomes. 
aNumber of base pairs in genome divided by number of genes. 
bNumber and proportion of proteins with no significant similarity to known proteins. 
nd, not determined. 
Statistics of the C. albicans Annotation. 
aExcluding “unknown.”. 
Number, Abundance Ranking, and Proportion of Gene Products Containing the Indicated Interpro Protein Domain in C. albicans and Other Eukaryotes. 
Numbers represent how many gene products have the given domain. Ordered ranking of each domain is given in parentheses. Percentages represent the proportion of gene products that contain at least one of the domains. 
DOI: 10.1371/journal.pgen.0010001.t003. 
Genes Encoding Members of the ABC Transporter Family. 
aSubfamily nomenclature as proposed by Bauer et al. [ 42 ]. 
bPublished names are underlined. 
Assembly 19 ORFs That Correspond to ALS Genes. 
Phospholipases in C. albicans. 
aPublished names are underlined. 
Genes from C. albicans with a Strong Homolog in the S. cerevisiae , S. pombe, A. niger, M. gri sea , and N. crassa genomes but Absent from the H. sapiens and M. musculus Genomes. 
Continued. 
Continued. 
Continued. 
Frequency and Characteristics of Short Tandem Repeats in the Coding Sequences of Fungal Genomes. 
aSTRs with a less than 5% chance of being random. 
Continued. 
Mutations Identified in Previously Unclassified Hereditary and Sporadic Pheochromocytomas and Their Association with Expression Cluster Distribution. 
aN/A indicates no familial history; these are considered “sporadic” cases. 
bGermline DNA unavailable. 
cThis mutation results in exon 5 skipping, leading to premature truncation of the predicted protein at 248 amino acids. Samples 92, 93, and 152 are from the same family. 
Gene-Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA) of Pathways Significantly Represented in Three Genetic Classes of Pheochromocytoma. 
aNES is calculated as described in Materials and Methods; negative sign indicates inverse correlation of the indicated pathway in the specific genetic class of tumors. 
bNOM p- value is the significance of pathway enrichment as described in Materials and Methods; pathways are ordered by the NOM p- value. 
CCR3, chemokine (C-C motif) receptor 3; CNS, central nervous system; IGF1, insuline-like growth factor; MAP kinase, mitogen-activated protein kinase; NGF, nerve growth factor. 
Presence of NKC and LRC Encoded Genes in Different Species. 
aHUGO gene abbreviation. 
bCommon, alternative protein name. 
cShows activating (A), inhibitory (I), either (A/I), or co-stimulatory (C) function. An empty box indicates information is not available for that species. The number indicates the approximate number of genes present in that species for a particular gene family. ? indicates a pseudogene. 
Asterisk indicates the presence of multiple KIR-ILT hybrid genes in horses [ 96 ]. 
Mice Challenge # Sick/n* # Dead/n. 
Effect of SEB on health and survival of WT and ITK null mice. Mice (WT or ITK null) were injected with the indicated amount of LPS, followed 4 hours later by 50 ?g SEB, both delivered Ip. Alternatively, mice were injected with 20 mg. D-Gal and 50 ?g SEB at the same time. All injections were delivered intraperitoneally. Mice were then monitored for the presence of ruffled fur, mucous in feces and lethargy. *mice had ruffled fur, mucous in feces and were lethargic. **mouse died over the course of the experiment. ***mouse had to be euthanized due to severity of sickness. 
Array Condition # of Probes Detected # of Genes >2-Fold Different Differentially Genes at the Expressed 95% Confidence Level. 
Differential gene transcription validation data. This table summarizes the results of the array validation with respect to the study of differential expression. 
Genes Assay High Fat vs. Control F/ WR vs. Control. 
Comparison of array results and RT-PCR results for selected genes. Gene expression percentages are reported relative to the control values. F/ WR: Fasting Weight Reduction. 
*Indicates that the measurements were significantly different from control values at P < 0.01. 
†Indicates that the measurements made on the micro array were significantly different from the RT-PCR measurement at P < 0.05. 
Diet Feeding Regimen Weight 48 hours Prior to Harvest (Average ± St. Dev., n) Weight at Harvest (Average ± St. Dev., n). 
Experimental treatments and mouse weights. 
*Indicates that the weight was statistically different from the control at P < 0.001. 
† Indicates that the weight of the high-fat and fasted mice was different at P < 0.001. 
Cell line 24 hours 120 hours Fold Increase (120 h/24 h) Growth Upregulation (A549/12.2). 
Expansion rate of A549 and 12.2 cell lines. Expansion rates of A549 and 12.2 cells were determined by counting cells 24 h and 120 h after plating 5 × 104 cells. Results of two independent experiments are shown. 
Cell Cycle Stage Percent Total Cells    A549 12.2. 
Cell cycle profiles of cell lines determined by flow cytometry. Flow cytometry analysis of cell cycle profiles was determined for A549 and 12.2. Percentages were quantified using CellQuest software. A549 and 12.2 profiles are the means of three experiments. The difference between A549 and 12.2 is statistically significant (p < 0.005). 
Gene Up-Regulated Assay Fold Expression Difference Functional Class. 
Comparison of gene expression in A549 and 12.2 cell lines. Genes expressed differentially between A549 and 12.2 cells were identified by qPCR, subtractive hybridization (SH), and/or TransSignal DNA-protein array (TS) as indicated. Relative quantification differences were determined for those genes analyzed by either qPCR or TS. ND, not determined. 
* Wnt/?-catenin pathway. 
†G1/S transition. 
Gene expression profiles in NSCLC tumor vs. normal lung parallel those in A549 and 12.2 Relative fold expression differences, determined by qPCR, were determined in tumors and compared to normal lung tissue from same patient. Positive values represent higher expression in tumor; negative values represent higher expression in normal tissue. 
Wells Samples Absorbance at 450 nm (A450). 
Production of HBV in Transfected HepG2 Cells by ELISA Analysis. 
Transformed Y187 yeast strain Total number of colonies after interaction with cDNA library % number of blue colonies      Day      1 2 3 4. 
Summary of Yeast Two Hybrid Screening for HBX Interacting Proteins. 
Proteins differentially expressed in response to WNV infection. Statistical analysis (Student's t test) was done to determine the significance of the differential protein expression observed. 
Summary of similarities (%) with identified genes in databases. Results were classified in different categories (80–100%, 50–80%, 30–50%, or no similarity). The band 3A2–4 means that the 5? primer used was arbitrary primer 3 (AP3), and the 3? primer was dT11A. P9* and V8* indicate synthetic and proliferating cells, respectively. 
Similarities of rat 6A3-5 gene with nucleotide sequences in the databases. After comparison to all databases, 6A3-5 had similarities mainly to human EST clones (established sequence tags). One interesting EST sequence was the rat PC-12 EST clone. This rat EST sequence could not be obtained and amplified. Another interesting EST clone was KIAA1235 which is thought to be a transcription factor expressed in the brain. The corresponding gene was estimated to be of 6.5?kb. 
Similarities of rat 6A3-5 to known proteins in the databases. After comparison to all protein databases (SWISSPROT, TREMBL, PIR, . . .), we had only few similarities to known proteins. The best similarities were with a number of transcription factors. p270 and b120 had 78% identity (83% similarity matching) while eyelid had 52% identity (61% similarity matching) with 6A3–5. 
Cell/tumor Expressiona Methylationb %Mec Age (years) Histology. 
Summary of DSC3 expression and methylation state in primary breast tumors. 
aRNA expression levels determined by quantitative real-time PCR and relative to human mammary epithelial cells (HMECs). bCpG island methylation levels determined by bisulfite sequencing: ++, >40% methylation of total CpG sites analyzed; +, >20% methylation of total CpG sites; -, <20% methylation of total CpG sites analyzed. cPercent methylation was calculated based on the number of methylated CpG sites compared to the total number of sites analyzed. dTwo independent tumors isolated from the same breast. IDC, invasive ductal carcinoma; ILC, invasive lobular carcinoma; N/A, not applicable, IDC lymph node Met, invasive ductal carcinoma that metastasized to the lymph node, Mucoiod Ductal CA, mucinous ductal carcinoma. 
Genes SAM Score Fold changes. 
Significantly regulated genes in SMC3 overexpressing 293 cells. Human expressed sequence tags and genes with no known function are not included. Complete results of the array have been submitted to the EBI microarray database. 
KS Lesion Normal Skin PBMC Plasma or Sera Semen Saliva Feces Other. 
Compilation of select studies investigating the molecular presence of HHV-8 in different tissues and body fluids. KS, HIV+, and HIV- represent three populations at high, medium, and lower risk of HHV-8 infection, respectively. 
Molecular testing & kits  . 
Companies or institutions that provide molecular testing services or research kits for the detection HHV-8 infection. 
Serologic testing & kits  . 
Companies or institutions that provide serologic testing services or research kits for the detection HHV-8 infection. 
GenBank accession no. a Gene Primer sequences (5? to 3?). 
Primer sequences for real-time RT-PCR. 
From GenBank (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?db_nucleotide). 
TCDD PeCDF PCB126 PCB153  Control 100 ng/kg/day Control 200 ng/kg/day Control 1,000 ng/kg/day Control 1,000 ?g/kg/day. 
Summary of the 13-week dosimetry and liver pathology data from the NTP cancer bioassay. a. 
Abbreviations: BLOQ, below level of quantification; N/A, not applicable. 
Dosimetry values are the mean ±SD of 10 rats per group. Values for each pathologic end point represent the incidence or number of rats (of 10) that exhibit the response. The mean severity score is given in parentheses (1, minimal; 2, mild; 3, moderate; 4, marked). 
Statistically significant ( p < 0.05) increase in the incidence of a given pathologic response relative to the respective control group. 
TCDD PeCDF PCB126 PCB153. 
Differential gene expression in liver from rats exposed subchronically (13 weeks) to HAHs. 
The average changes in hepatic mRNA for TCDD, PeCDF, PCB126, or PCB153 exposures compared with vehicle exposure were determined by real-time RT-PCR to validate microarray results. Each value represents the average (± 1 standard deviation) of three independent RNA pools (RT-PCR) or three independent GeneChips (microarray). Real-time RT-PCR values were normalized to 18S ribosomal RNA as described in “Materials and Methods.”. 
Injected mRNA Strength of Ventralization. 
Effect of the ectopic expression of Glce on Bmp2b ventralizing activity. Capped glce and bmp2b mRNAs were generated by reverse transcription from full length cDNA clones. After extraction in phenol/chloroform and precipitation in isopropanol, mRNA was dissolved in Danieau's buffer and the concentration assessed by UV reading (260 nm). Embryos at one or two cell stage were injected with 1–3 nl of mRNAs to achieve the indicated dose. Each injection session consisted of 2–3 treatment groups of 30 embryos each and several experiments were performed to reach the sample number indicated. Embryos with increasing degree of ventralization were ranked according to previously established criterias [40,41]. Ventralized V1 embryos show reduced eye size and shorter body. In addition to these abnormalities V2 embryos display abnormal notocord, reduced anterior somites, and enlarged blood islands. Ventralized V3 embryos have little or no head structures and no notochord. V4 embryos display gross body abnormalities and lack of anterior structures. 
Treatment Phenotype Severity. 
Effect on D/V axis formation of antisense targeting of glce . Capped mRNA and glce -MOs were dissolved in Danieau's buffer and injected as 1–3 nl bolus into the yolk of one- to two-cell embryos as described in Table 1. Capped human GLCE -mRNA was generated from a full length cDNA clone. The embryos were classified according to the severity of the observed phenotype at 48 hpf based on a classification of the dorsalization severity observed in embryos that had only received MOs. Mildly dorsalized embryos show reduced ventral tail fin extension. Moderately dorsalized embryos display kinked tail, enlarged heart cavity and in some case the absence of atrioventricular boundary. Severely affected morphants show dramatic shortening and reduction of the body mass with tail coiling. For the rescue experiments, embryos were first injected with MO and after randomization half received the indicated amount of mRNA before reaching the 4-cell stage. 
Treatments Strength of Ventralization. 
Effect of antisense MO on the ventralizing activity of Bmps. Capped mRNA and glce MOs were injected into the yolk of one- to two-cell embryos as in the experiments of table 1. The resulting phenotypes were scored at 48 hpf. For the rescue experiments, embryos were first injected with bmp2b or bmp4 mRNA and after randomization half received the indicated amount of MO before reaching the 4-cell stage. Phenotype severity was scored as in Table 1. 
Single-step Multi-step. 
Properties of single- and multi-step signaling pathways. 
Origin of Microarray Probe Number of Elements. 
Source of elements contributing to the Bovine Innate Immune Microarray. 
ConA-Cy3 ConA-Cy5   Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide 4 Slide 5 Slide 6. 
Correlation coefficients of the signal ratio1 data sets reported from six replicate micrroarrays2. 
1 The signal ratio was calculated by dividing ConA signal divided by Unstimulated signal for each element. 
2 The schematic diagram of experimental design is depicted in figure 3. 
Gene name (Symbol) Accession number Forward Reverse Amplicon size (bp). 
Oligonucleotide primer sequences for qRT-PCR validation of microarray results. 
Control Element Name Reference Accession Number 3 Start Position (bp) Finish Position (bp). 
Summary of bovine and S. aureus control elements. 
1 Denotes elements printed in a dynamic range of 25, 50 100, 200 and 400 pg per spot. All other elements were printed at 200 pg per spot. 
2 Control elements not available in cDNA libraries were amplified using gene specific primers. Primer sequences are listed in Additional file 2 . 
3 Genbank sequence (AY or NC) or TIGR cluster (TC). 
Clone ID GENX GenBank accession number Unigene C. int. C. SD S. int. S. SD Ratio Similarity Gene symbol. 
Genes differentially expressed in ceramide-dependent apoptosis and involved in the ceramide and TNF-? pathways. 
Clone ID, clone name according to the public databases. GENX, cluster name including the corresponding cDNA sequence in the Genexpress Index 2 ([ 23 ] and R. Mariage-Samson et al., unpublished data). UniGene, cluster name in the UniGene database [ 85 ]; C. int., mean of the normalized and validated intensity values obtained after filter hybridization with complex cDNA target derived from control mRNA. C. SD, standard deviation derived from the C.int. S. int., mean of the normalized and validated intensity values obtained after filter hybridization with complex cDNA target derived from ceramide-stimulated cultured cell mRNA. S. SD, standard deviation derived from the S. int. Ratio, ratio of S. int. to C. int. Similarity, gene similarity. 
Clone ID GENX GenBank accession number Unigene C. int. C. SD S. int. S. SD Ratio Similarity Gene symbol. 
Differentially expressed genes that encode proteins involved in the regulation of apoptosis and/or cell growth. 
Abbreviations and column headings are as in Table 1 . 
Clone ID GENX GenBank accession number Unigene C. int. C. SD S. int. S. SD Ratio Similarity Gene symbol. 
Known genes differentially expressed in ceramide-dependent apoptosis with no identified direct interaction with the ceramide-dependent apoptosis process. 
Abbreviations and column headings are as in Table 1 . 
Messenger RNA or protein sequences differentially expressed in ceramide-dependent apoptosis. 
Abbreviations and column headings are as in Table 1 . 
Clone ID GENX GenBank accession number Unigene C. int. C. SD S. int. S. SD Ratio Similarity. 
Unknown genes differentially expressed in ceramide-dependent apoptosis. 
Abbreviations and column headings are as in Table 1 . 
Apoptotic fraction (%)   Cell line Untreated Anti-?1 integrin antibody FAK siRNA Control siRNA. 
Effect of FAK siRNA and ?1 integrin blocking on apoptosis of pancreatic cancer cells. 
AsPC-1, BxPC-3, and Capan-2 cells were treated with anti-?1 integrin antibody, FAK siRNA, or control siRNA and incubated for 24 h, and then detection of apoptosis was performed by TUNEL assay and flow cytometry. Statistical significance was tested by one-way analysis of variance and post hoc test (Turkey Kramer multiple comparisons). All data are expressed as mean ± s.d. There was no significant difference among these treatments. 
0 h 4 h 8 h 12 h 14 h 18 h. 
Expression of gef genes during growth and development. 
A summary of results from Northern blots, RT-PCR and published data. GEFs are indicated in the left column and hours of development in the top row. gefJ is encoded by two separate but near-identical genes which cannot be differentiated at this level. *Northern Blot; †RT-PCR. +++, strong band; ++, clear band; +, weak band; +/-, hardly detectable; -, no expression detected; ND, not done. 
Distribution of Ontology terms within Gene Clusters. The gene clusters identified in Figure 1d were analyzed for asymmetric distribution of ontology terms using the Gominer Software [16]. The top 40 gene ontology terms for each cluster ranked by significance scoring (Fishers exact T-test) are shown. Total numbers of genes in each cluster are indicated in parentheses. Statistical ranking of asymmetrically distributed gene ontology terms is represented by an estimated p -value (Fisher's Exact T-test). 
Gene symbol Forward primer sequence Forward primer concentration (nM) Reverse primer sequence Reverse primer concentration (nM) Amplicon length (nt). 
PCR primers. 
Embryos Cells  NIA EST ID Gene symbol a Gene name a Log odds Log2 fold change Log odds Log2 fold change Function b. 
Genes responding transcriptionally to VPA in embryos and P19 cells. 
Abbreviations: ?, unknown genes and/or functions; EST, expressed sequence tag; ID, identifier. 
Gene symbols are from the NIA web site ( http://lgsun.grc.nia.nih.gov/cDNA/15k.html ) as of 30 May 2003, except where indicated by asterisk. 
Gene names are from SOURCE ( http://source.stanford.edu/cgi-bin/source/SourceSearch ) as of 19 September 2003, except where indicated by asterisk. 
Annotation by tBLASTx ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/BLAST/ ). 
Annotation performed manually, i.e., computer-assigned functions of unknown genes were removed, or known functions for genes identified by tBLASTx were added. 
Arsenical No. Found dead Sacrificed moribund Total (%) b. 
Mortality due to arsenical exposure. a. 
Arsenicals (ppm as arsenic) were administered for 17 weeks in drinking water; animal health was monitored twice daily. 
Total dead or euthanized before end of the experiment. 
Statistically significant ( p < 0.05) compared with control. 
Intensity relative to that of control Protein/gene Accession no. b Hybrid intensity of control As (III) (150 ppm) As (V) (200 ppm) MMA (V) (1,500 ppm) DMA (V) (1,000 ppm). 
Effect of arsenicals on selected gene expression. a. 
Data are based on the average value of arrays run in triplicate. 
Accession numbers are from GenBank ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fci?db=nucleotide ). 
Original hybrid intensity is significantly different from that of control ( p < 0.05). 
Signalling pathway Synovial-lining layer Sublining layer Mononuclear infiltrates Perivascular region Vascular endothelium. 
Differential activation of MAPK/SAPK in the synovial subcompartments of RA. 
Cytokine Concentration (ng/ml)*    Minus LPS Plus LPS. 
Cytokine production of pulmonary macrophages. 
* 2 × 106 macrophages/ml incubated for 16 h with medium containing 1 ?g/ml LPS. Mean and S.D., N = 3. 
Number Successful. 
Cultures of bronchial epithelial cells used in this study. 
Cell Line . 
Melanoma cell proliferation is stimulated by serum. 
Alteration Meaning. 
Main epigenetic alterations in cervical cancer. 
Gene Rate Function Reference. 
Tumor suppressor genes hypermethylated in invasive cervical cancer. 
Translational opportunities from epigenetic alterations in cervical cancer. 
Epigenetic therapy agents. 
Main findings of epigenetic therapy in cervical cancer. 
*DNA methylation was not analyzed in these trials. 
Jak/Stat/SOCS Cytokines Deficient mice. 
Association of Janus kinases (Jaks), Signal transducers and activators of transcription (Stats), and suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCSs) with cytokine receptors and phenotype of knockout mice. 
? Chain (?c) cytokines: interleukin (IL)- 2, IL- 4, IL- 7, IL- 9, IL- 15. gp130 cytokines: IL- 6, IL- 11, oncostatin M (OSM), ciliary neurotropic factor (CNTF), leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF), CT- 1, IL- 12, Leptin. ? chain (?c) cytokines: IL- 3, IL- 5, granulocyte- macrophage colony- stimulating factor (GM- CSF). Bold letters indicate cytokines that have been shown to be essential in knockouts. *Schindler C, personal communication. SCID, severe combined immunodeficiency; FGF, fibroblast gowth factor; GH, growth factor; IFN, interferon. 
Gene Primer/oligonucleotide probe sequence (nts) Product (bp) Acc. no. 
Primers and oligonucleotide probes used for confirmation of results. 
Nts = nucleotides, bp = base pairs, acc. no = accession number. 
Gene accession no. a Fold change b Gene symbol a Gene name a. 
Genes up-regulated by VOSO4. 
Only genes with known protein products are shown. 
Gene annotations are from NCBI (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov). 
Fold changes are the average of four individuals. 
Gene accession no. a Fold change b Gene symbol a Gene name a. 
Genes down-regulated by VOSO4. 
Only genes with known protein products are shown. 
Genes annotations are from NCBI (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov). 
Fold changes are the average of four individuals. 
Gene accession no. a Fold change b Gene symbol a Gene name a. 
Genes up-regulated by ZnSO4. 
Only genes with known protein products are shown. 
Gene annotations are from NCBI (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov). 
Fold changes are the average of four individuals. 
Gene accession no. a Fold change b Gene symbol a Gene name a. 
Genes down-regulated by ZnSO4. 
Only genes with known protein products are shown. 
Gene annotations are from NCBI (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov). 
Fold changes are the average of four individuals. 
Gene Primer Sequence (5'-3') °C Product size (bp) Accession number. 
Nucleotide Sequences of Dog-Specific Primers for Real-Time Q-PCR. 
Antigen Product Size (kDa) Dilution Manufacturer Secondary antibody Dilution. 
Used antibodies in Western blot experiments. 
Pathology Grade No. patients No. biopsies Median age Gender (% female). 
Pathology Grade % nuclear p65/RELA stain. 
Percent of biopsies with nuclear p65/RELA staining. 
Exon Primer Annealing. 
Conditions of the nested PCR for the 10 coding exons of the 3pK gene. Primer sequences and the corresponding annealing temperatures are given. 
Group N Age (yr) Male CESD Pain Threshold (kg). 
Demographics of Cohort 1 (pooled samples) and Cohort 2 (individual samples). Mean (95% C.I.). 
* p < 0.05, ** p < 0.01, *** p < 0.001 compared to HC Pool results; § p < 0.05 compared to HC individuals; ANOVA followed by Student's t-tests. 
Cohort 1 (pooled samples) Cohort 2 (individual samples) All specimens. 
Yields of proteins identified in each cohort and group. A total of 73 proteins were identified from the 3 pooled HC, CFS and PGI specimens of cohort 1. Twenty proteins were shared by the CFS and PGI specimens that were absent from the pooled HC sample. This was the cohort 1 pooled CFS – related proteome. Cohort 2 consisted of 12 HC and 9 CFS individuals. A total of 113 proteins were identified, with 16 identified by multilinear regression (general linear model, GLM) as the cohort 2 CFS – related proteome. When the proteins from all of the specimens were examined, a set of 19 out of 115 proteins were significantly different between HC and CFS by ANOVA. 
Cohort CFS – Associated Proteome (all 24 samples) HC % (n = 13) CFS % (n = 11) ANOVA Fisher's Exact Test GeneID        1 2     . 
Chronic fatigue syndrome – associated cerebrospinal fluid proteomes. Proteins from the cohort 1 – and cohort 2 – related CFS proteomes (+) or not part of these proteomes (0) were shown in columns 2 and 3. The 5 proteins from cohort 2 that were most predictive of CFS (80% concordance) were defined by the "biosignature variable" B 1/5 ( right justified and bold italics ). The 2 cohorts were combined (n = 24 samples) and the frequencies of detection in all control (HC, n = 13) and CFS (n = 11) samples compared by ANOVA and Fisher's Exact Test. NCBI accession numbers (gi|) were given. 
Cohort 2: Multilinear Analysis (GLM; individual samples)   GeneID Cohort 2 CFS Proteome P R 2 CFS Gender CFS × Gender. 
Multilinear regression (general linear model; GLM) analysis of the cohort 2 CFS – associated proteome. Proteins that were detected significantly more frequently in CFS than HC were shown in column 2. The significance (P), explained variance (R2), and probabilities for the association of each protein when stratified by CFS status, gender, and their cross-product were tabulated. The presence of at least 1 of the 5 CFS proteome proteins ( right justified and bold italics ) was sufficient to identify all the CFS subjects in Cohort 2 ( B 1/5 ; see Results). (n.s., not significant). 
Name Sequence (5?–3? for DNA or N to C for PNA) Position a. 
Primers and probes used in this study. 
aA of the ATG start codon is designated as position 1. 
bX represents either A, T or C. The number represents the position of four guanines in codons 12 and 13. Therefore, ‘M1C’ would indicate a G to C change at the first guanine. 
(Codon) mutation a (amino acid change) Number Mutant melting peak. 
Type of K- ras mutations found in serum DNA from pancreatic cancer patients. 
aAltered bases are underlined. 
bTwo mutations co-exist in the patient. 
Feature (n) a BRAF wild-type (%) BRAF mutation (%) P. 
Associations between BRAF mutation and clinicopathological features of colorectal cancer. 
a Data was unavailable for gender in 43 cases, infiltrating lymphocytes in 55 cases, nodal involvement in 77 cases, tumor site in 56 cases, grade in 106 cases and mucinous appearance in 89 cases. 
Feature (n) a BRAF wild-type (%) BRAF mutation (%) P. 
Associations between BRAF mutation and molecular features of colorectal cancer. 
a Data was unavailable for MSI status in 40 cases, methylation status in 83 cases, KRAS mutation in 26 cases and TP53 mutation in 26 cases. 
MSI-  MSI+       Feature BRAF WT (n = 192) (%) BRAF M (n = 9) (%) P BRAF WT (n = 19) (%) BRAF M (n = 12) (%) P. 
Clinicopathological and molecular features of BRAF mutant colorectal cancers stratified according to microsatellite instability status. 
aTumor-infiltrating lymphocytes. 
CIMP-  CIMP+       Feature BRAF WT (n = 145) (%) BRAF M (n = 5) (%) P BRAF WT (n = 31) (%) BRAF M (n = 11) (%) P. 
Clinicopathological and molecular features of BRAF mutant colorectal cancers stratified according to methylator phenotype status. 
Lane Band Protein /Epitope Normalized CPM. 
Summary of Kinetworks KPSS2.1 Phosphosite Screen. 
a, b, and c indicate a(n) stimulatory, unknown, or inhibitory effect on protein function, respectively. 
ODN  T m (°C). 
Thermal stability of m8G-containing G-quadruplexes. 
aThe T ms of the oligonucleotides were determined in 2 mM sodium cacodylate buffer (pH 7.0) and 150 mM KCl at 2.5 µM with each strand. SEs were <0.5°C in duplicate determinations. 
bThe position of the m8G in ODN 1, ODN 2, ODN 4, ODN 5 and ODN 6 for the syn position; and ODN 3 for the anti position. 
Examples of diseases caused by loss of or ectopic function of the HH-GLI signaling pathway, and the possible agents that could, in principle, be used as therapeutics. 
*Hh-Ag is the Hh agonist described by Frank-Kamenetsky et al. [ 1 ]. 
Ran BPM Psoriasin Psoriasin/RanBPM. 
Relationship Between RanBPM and Psoriasin Expression and Clinical-Pathological Parameters in Human Breast Cancer. 
Isozyme GenBank Accession # # amino acids number of (S/T)P sites Site(s) with the consensus PX(S/T)P sequence FXFP motif D-domain motif. 
Kinases (human) that have an FXFP motif and/or D-domain sequence. The number of potential MAPK phosphorylation sites, sequences fitting the optimal MAPK phosphorylation consensus sequence of PX(S/T)P, and FXFP motifs and D-domain sequences in kinases that use phosphatidylinositols or inositols as substrates are listed in the table; all sequences are for human proteins. 
Isozyme GenBank Accession # # amino acids number of (S/T)P sites Site(s) with the consensus PX(S/T)P sequence. 
Kinases (human) that do not have an FXFP motif and/or D-domain sequence. Kinases that use phosphatidylinositols or inositols as substrates and do not contain an FXFP or D-domain sequence are listed in the table; all sequences are for human proteins. The number of potential MAPK phosphorylation sites and sequences fitting the optimal MAPK phosphorylation in these kinases are also identified. 
Isozyme GenBank Accession # # amino acids # (S/T)P sites Site(s) with the consensus PX(S/T)P sequence FXFP motif D-domain motif. 
Kinases (mouse) that have an FXFP motif and/or D-domain sequence. The number of potential MAPK phosphorylation sites, sequences fitting the optimal MAPK phosphorylation consensus sequence of PX(S/T)P, and FXFP motifs and D-domain sequences in kinases that use phosphatidylinositols or inositols as substrates are listed in the table; all sequences are for mouse proteins. 
Isozyme GenBank Accession # # amino acids # (S/T)P sites Site(s) with the consensus PX(S/T)P sequence. 
Kinases (mouse) that do not have an FXFP motif and/or D-domain sequence. Kinases that use phosphatidylinositols or inositols as substrates and do not contain an FXFP or D-domain sequence are listed in the table; all sequences are for mouse proteins. The number of potential MAPK phosphorylation sites and sequences fitting the optimal MAPK phosphorylation in these kinases are also identified. 
Type I PIP kinase. 
Reactions catalyzed by PIP kinases (based on [50] and [51]). 
Isozyme GenBank Accession # # amino acids # (S/T)P sites Site(s) with the consensus PX(S/T)P sequence FXFP motif D-domain motif. 
Phosphatases (human) that have an FXFP motif and/or D-domain sequence. The number of potential MAPK phosphorylation sites, sequences fitting the optimal MAPK phosphorylation consensus sequence of PX(S/T)P, and FXFP motifs and D-domain sequences in phosphatases that use phosphatidylinositols or inositols as substrates are listed in the table; all sequences are for human proteins. 
Isozyme GenBank Accession # # amino acids # (S/T)P sites Site(s) with the consensus PX(S/T)P sequence. 
Phosphatases (human) that do not have an FXFP motif and/or D-domain sequence. Phosphatases that use phosphatidylinositols or inositols as substrates and do not contain an FXFP or D-domain sequence are listed in the table; all sequences are for human proteins. The number of potential MAPK phosphorylation sites and sequences fitting the optimal MAPK phosphorylation in these kinases are also identified. 
Isozyme GenBank Accession # # amino acids # (S/T)P sites Site(s) with the consensus PX(S/T)P sequence FXFP motif D-domain motif. 
Phosphatases (mouse) that have an FXFP motif and/or D-domain sequence. The number of potential MAPK phosphorylation sites, sequences fitting the optimal MAPK phosphorylation consensus sequence of PX(S/T)P, and FXFP motifs and D-domain sequences in phosphatases that use phosphatidylinositols or inositols as substrates are listed in the table; all sequences are for mouse proteins. 
Isozyme GenBank Accession # # amino acids # (S/T)P sites Site(s) with the consensus PX(S/T)P sequence. 
Phosphatases (mouse) that do not have an FXFP motif and/or D-domain sequence. Phosphatases that use phosphatidylinositols or inositols as substrates and do not contain an FXFP or D-domain sequence are listed in the table; all sequences are for mouse proteins. The number of potential MAPK phosphorylation sites and sequences fitting the optimal MAPK phosphorylation in these kinases are also identified. 
Category number percentage. 
The dendritic RNA candidates fall in diversified function groups. 
Experimental design Cell type expression*/tissue affected† Phenotype Reference. 
Genetic analysis of TGF-? and HGF/SF function in the mammary gland. 
*For gain of function. †For loss of function. dn, dominant negative. MMTV, mouse mammary tumor virus; WAP = whey acidic protein. 
Modification Promoter Pregnancy required Effect References. 
Genetic alterations of the Trp53 gene in mice. 
WAP, whey acidic protein. 
Model Agent Incidence (%) Latency Loss of heterozygosity References. 
p53 deficiency and mutation mammary tumor phenotypes. 
DMBA, 7,12-dimethylbenz [a]anthracene; NT, no treatment; Pit Stim, hormonal stimulation provided by pituitary isografts; WAP, whey acidic protein. 
Mammary tumor          Transgene Trp53 genotype Occurrence Latency Tumor Trp53 status Features References. 
Cooperation of p53 with other transgenes in mammary tumorigenesis. 
LOH, loss of heterozygosity; MMTV, mouse mammary tumor virus; WAP, whey acidic protein; WAP- DES = WAP- des(1-3)insulin-like growth factor-I transgene. 
Antigen IL-1? Mean fluorescence intensity      BxPC-3 Capan-2 SW1990. 
Alteration of integrin subunits and uPAR in pancreatic cancer cells in response to IL-1?. 
IL-1?, interleukin-1?; uPA, urokinase plasminogen activator; uPAR, urokinase plasminogen activator receptor. All data are expressed as mean ± s.d. The p -values indicate statistical significance between data in controls and presence of IL-?. a p < 0.01. 
Pancreatic cancer cells (number of migrated cells). 
Migration of pancreatic cancer cells enhanced by IL-1? and its suppresion by anti-integrin, anti-uPAR antibodies. 
IL-1?, interleukin-1?; uPAR, urokinase plasminogen activator receptor. All data are expressed as mean ± s.d. (% increase). The p -values indicate statistical significance between data in controls and presence of IL-? with/without respective antibodies. a p < 0.05. 
Strong co-expression both of ?6 integrin and uPAR a p value      Yes (n = 16) No (n = 26) 0.011. 
Comparison of ?6 integrin and uPAR expression and clinicopathological findings. 
uPAR, urokinase plasminogen activator receptor; H, head of pancreas; B, body of pancreas; T, tail of pancreas; P, papillary adenocarcinoma; Muc, mucinous carcinoma; W, well-differentiated adenocarcinoma; Mod, moderatery-differentiated adenocarcinoma. The pT, pN, and pM categories were determined according to the TNM classification [19]. The a p -values were obtained using the Mann-Whiteny U test. Values of age are given mean ± s.d. N.S., no significant. 
?6integrin (cases) a p uPAR (cases) a p       Group S Group W  Group S Group W . 
Immunohistochemical evaluation of ?6 integrin and uPAR expression in pancreatic tissues. 
uPAR, urokinase plasminogen activator receptor. The a p -values indicate statistical significance between cancerous region and non-cancerous region. 
Hazard Ratio 95% confidence interval a p. 
Multiple analysis on prognosis of patients with pancreatic cancer. 
Statistical significance was indicated by a p < 0.05. 
C. elegans Drosophila Mammals. 
Conservation of key regulators of programmed cell death between species. 
Homologs of most key regulators are found in C. elegans , Drosophila , and mammals; the table shows the number in each class. BIR proteins contain at least one BIR domain and not all of them function as inhibitors of apoptosis (IAPs). Functional homologs that share little or no sequence homology may exist for the other members of the programmed cell death pathway. *In addition to Apaf-1, two other mammalian proteins, Flash and Nod1/Card4 share have similarity to CED-4, but these have not been extensively characterized in vivo (reviewed in [ 14 ]). 
Effectors Biological functions. 
Cdc42 and Rac effectors. 
Abbreviations: Ack, activated cdc42-associated tyrosine kinase; Borg, binder of Rho GTPases; CIP4, Cdc42-interacting protein; DAG, diacylglycerol; DGK, diacylglycerol kinase; IP3, inositol trisphosphate; MEKK, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) kinase; MLK, mixed-lineage kinase; MRCK, myotonic dystrophy kinase-related Cdc42-binding kinase; NADPH, nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate; Pak, p21-activated kinase; Par, partitioning defective; PIP2, phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate; PIP3, phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; PI5K, phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate-5 kinase; PLC, phospholipase C; PLD, phospholipase D; POR1, partner of Rac; POSH, plenty of SH3 domains; p70S6K, 70 kDa ribosomal S6 kinase; p140Sra-1, specifically Rac1-associated protein; SPEC, small protein effector of Cdc42; WASP, Wiskott Aldrich syndrome protein; WAVE, WASP-like verproline-homologous protein. 
As-Normal As-HCC Gene categories a Accession no. a Control (PCR) PCR Array-fold PCR Array-fold. 
Real-time RT-PCR and microarray analysis of liver samples from adult male C3H mice exposed to arsenic in utero . 
NA, same gene access clone is not available. Data are mean ± SEM of 5–7 individual animals. 
Gene names, symbols, and accession numbers are from GenBank ( http://www.ncbi.nih.gov/GenBank/ ). 
Significantly different from controls p < 0.05. 
DUSP Subgroup Human protein Species ortholog Chromosomal localization Subcellular localization References. 
Classification and chromosomal and subcellular localization of DUSP genes. 
Compilation of DUSP genes identified in the human and other mammalian genomes. The DUSPs are classified into subgroups I, II or III (see text for details). The various alternative names for each gene in human (h) or rat (r) or mouse (m) are given. The chromosomal location of each gene and the subcellular localization of the protein product of each gene are also indicated. Multiple names are used in the literature for each member of the MAP kinase phosphatase gene family. To avoid confusion in this article, we have used the gene names recommended by the human gene nomenclature committee, which uses the root DUSP (for dual specificity phosphatase). Note that the designation of DUSP16 is provisional. 
S.NO Symbol Gene Name Function. 
List of genes identified by literature mining that are modulated by elevated level of homocysteine. 
S.No Symbol Gene Name Function. 
List of genes identified by literature mining that modulate homocysteine levels. 
Anti-atherosclerotic effect of nitric oxide Reference(s). 
Mechanisms mediating the anti-atherosclerotic effect of nitric oxide. 
S.NO Gene Symbol Polymorphism Amino Acid Consequences. 
An exhaustive list of Gene polymorphism studies that have reported to affects the plasma level of homocysteine. 
N.R Not reported in the literature. 
N .E No Effect was observed. 
* Border line association was observed in the presence of high folate concentration. 
** After post methionine load. 
(P) Presence of low concentration of pyridoxal -5-phosphate. 
No. Patient Age Sex Cirrhosis HBV infection AFP (serum level) Grading. 
Clinical pathological parameters of HCC patients. 
Sex Grading Cirrhosis    F M I II III + -. 
Clinical pathological considerations of HCC sub-groupings according to geographic origin. 
*The total cirrhosis positive rate is 16/29 (55%). 
Patient Cirrhosis Grading CDH13 p16 INK4a RASSF1A CASP8. 
Cirrhosis and methylation profiles of the genes in HCC tissues. 
Cirrhosis Tissue samples p16 INK4A CDH13      U M U M. 
Cirrhosis and methylation profiles of the genes in HCC-2. 
Overview of the most commonly used two-hybrid vectors. The last column describes the origin of the promoter and the accession number in EMBL (AC). 
Comparison of the LexA and GAL4 Yeast Two-Hybrid Systems. 
Survey of the most commonly used yeast strains, used reporter genes and the constitution (origin) of their promoter in the GAL4 based two-hybrid system. 
Tuning sensitivity in the LexA system by using different host strains and reporter plasmids. 
Adapted from the WWW-site of E. Golemis (44-45). 
Sequence namea Sequence descriptionb Fold ? MCF-7 CNc Fold ? MCF-7 H2d Gene ontologye. 
Dominant transforming growth factor-? gene signatures in the luminal MCF-7 CN and MCF-7 H2 cell lines. 
a,bThe primary sequence names and descriptions for the differentially regulated genes (defined as greater or equal to 1.7-fold changed with a p-value of < 0.01) were extracted using Rosetta Resolver. Genes from the dominant ontology classes are shown and thus genes with unknown function or those not in well represented ontology classes are not listed. The complete set of differentially expressed genes can be found in Additional files 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 . cFold change in expression of the induced or repressed genes in the MCF-7 CN cell line after a 24 h exposure to 2 ng/ml recombinant transforming growth factor (TGF)-?1 compared to the diluent treated controls. The number in parentheses after the fold change indicates the number of affected elements that were averaged to calculate the fold difference. dFold change in expression of the induced or repressed genes in the MCF-7 H2 cell line after a 24 h exposure to 2 ng/ml recombinant TGF-?1 compared to the diluent treated controls. The number in parentheses to the right of the fold change indicates the number of affected elements that were averaged to calculate the fold difference. eThe gene ontology annotation was curated from the Summary Function and GO fields downloaded from SOURCE [105]. 
Sequence namea Sequence descriptionb Fold ? MB-231 CNc Fold ? MB-231 H2d Gene ontologye. 
Dominant gene signatures induced by transforming growth factor-?1 in the mesenchymal MDA-MB-231 CN and MDA-MB-231 H2 cell lines. 
a,bThe primary sequence names and descriptions for the differentially regulated genes (defined as greater or equal to 1.7-fold changed with a p-value of < 0.01) were extracted using Rosetta Resolver. Genes from the dominant ontology classes are shown and thus genes with unknown function or those not in well represented ontology classes are not listed. The complete set of differentially expressed genes can be found in Additional files 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 . cFold change in expression of the induced or repressed genes in the MDA-MB-231 CN cell line after a 24 h exposure to 2 ng/ml recombinant TGF-?1 compared to the diluent treated controls. The number in parentheses after the fold change indicates the number of affected elements that were averaged to calculate the fold difference. dFold change in expression of the induced or repressed genes in the MDA-MB-231 H2 cell line after a 24 h exposure to 2 ng/ml recombinant TGF-?1 compared to the diluent treated controls. The number in parentheses to the right of the fold change indicates the number of affected elements that were averaged to calculate the fold difference. eThe gene ontology annotation was curated from the Summary Function and GO fields downloaded from SOURCE [105]. 
UNTREATED CULTURES. 
Percentage of apoptotic cells: comparison of results obtained with different methods in HT 1376 cells. 
Top table: untreated (control) HT1376 bladder carcinoma cultures. Bottom table: HT1376 bladder carcinoma cultures were treated for 1 hour with 3 ?g/mL docetaxel, after which the drug was washed out and the cells were further cultured. Figures are percentages of cells with the indicated characteristics. Data are the average of 3 independent experiments, with errors below 10%. For details, see the Methods section. N.E. = Not Examined; HP = Hypodiploid Peak; JC-1 = cells undergoing ??m transition; E = early apoptosis, i.e. MAA+/PI- or AnnV+/PI-; L = late apoptosis, i.e. MAA+/PI+ or AnnV+/PI+; N = necrosis, i.e. MAA-/PI+ or AnnV-/PI+. 
Method Culture time. 
Percentage of apoptotic cells: comparison of results obtained with different methods in the U937 myelomonocytic cell line. 
U937 myelomonocytic cells were treated for 1 hour with 3 ?g/mL docetaxel, after which the drug was washed out and cells were further cultured. Data are the average of 2 experiments, with nearly identical results. For details, see the Methods section. 
JC-1 = cells undergoing ??m transition; E = early apoptosis, i.e. MAA+/PI- or AnnV+/PI-; L = late apoptosis, i.e. MAA+/PI+ or AnnV+/PI+; N = necrosis, i.e. MAA-/PI+ or AnnV-/PI+. 
1 h 16 hrs 24 hrs. 
Effect of pre-incubation with CsA on DOC-treated HT 1376 cells. 
HT 1376 bladder carcinoma cells were pre-incubated for 30 min with 1 ?M CsA, after which 3 ?g/mL docetaxel was added. After a 1-h treatment, both drugs were washed out and cells were further cultured. Data are percentages of cells with the indicated staining characteristics. For details, see the Methods section. 
JC-1 = cells undergoing ??m transition; E = early apoptosis, i.e. AnnV+/PI-; L = late apoptosis, i.e. AnnV+/PI+; N = necrosis, i.e. AnnV-/PI+. 
Untreated HT1376 cells 6 hrs 16 hrs 24 hrs 48 hrs 72 hrs 96 hrs. 
Cell count and viability. 
HT 1376 bladder carcinoma cells were stained with Trypan Blue and evaluated with a hemocytometer, as described in Methods. Data reported in the table are from one representative experiment. Counting error was ± 0.15 × 106 cells. The count was repeated once, with virtually identical results. 
Smad4 negative Smad4 positive rhos (95% confidence interval) p. 
Association of Smad4-expression and breast cancer characteristics (n = 197). In case of histological type carcinoma other than ductal invasive or lobular invasive were excluded from statistical analysis (resulting n = 178). Data were calculated by Spearman's rank correlation test. 
5 year survival Total number Log rank test            Number censored p. 
Analysis of survival time of Smad4-positive and Smad4-negative patients stratified with regard to tumor stage, ER-status, T?RI-status, and T?RII-status. 5-year survival rates were computed by the Kaplan-Meier estimator. Survival curves were compared by log-rank test (n = 197). 
* survival times could not be computed as all cases were censored. 
Binding of E 1 Binding of E 2 Binding of E 3. 
Reactions for scaffold with 3 binding sites. A complete mechanistic model of a scaffold protein with 3 binding domains (1,2,3), where each domain can bind one effector protein ( E 1, E 2, E 3), has to consider the following 12 reactions. The kinetic parameters for each reaction can be denoted with k + i for the association and k - i for the dissociation reaction. 
State Space Transformation for scaffold with three binding domains. Transformation for a scaffold protein with 3 binding domains. The transformation is hierarchically structured and introduces macroscopic quantities like the overall concentration of R and the levels of occupancy of each domain ( z 0 to z 3), mesoscopic quantities describing pairs of concurrently occupied domains ( z 4 to z 6) and microscopic quantities corresponding to individual multiprotein species ( z 7). 
Transformed equations for independent domains. Transformed model equations for a scaffold protein with independent binding domains. The levels of occupancy ( z 1 to z 3) do not depend on the states z 4 to z 7. 
Transformed ODEs for scaffold with on controlling domain. Transformed model equations for a scaffold protein with one controlling domain. The levels of occupancy ( z 1 to z 3) are only influenced by the states z 4 and z 5 but not by z 6 and z 7. 
Affinity of domain k on [ M -1 min -1] k off [ min -1] Equilibrium K d [ M -1]. 
Kinetic parameters for dynamic simulation. 
Experimental conditionsa Meanb Standard deviation. 
Cell growth determination. 
Cell growth was determined by cell count, as detailed in Materials and methods. aExposure to ibandronate (Iban) and/or 17?-estradiol (E2) for 72 hours. bMean percentages of control values (mean ± SD) from three separate experiments. cStatistical analysis (ANOVA, p < 0.01 versus control) on log transformed data, Tukey post hoc test. dNo significant difference compared with Iban and significantly different from E2. 
Drug associationa Iban + TAM Iban + ICI. 
Correspondence of combination index values to combined drug effects in the MCF-7 cell line. 
The 50% and 75% combination index values corresponding to drug concentrations leading to 50% and 75% cell growth, respectively, were determined by crystal violet staining assay, as detailed in Materials and methods. aExposure to ibandronate (Iban) and/or 4-hydroxytamoxifen (TAM) or ICI 182,780 (ICI) for 72 hours in three separate experiments. SD, standard deviation. 
Pathway Enzyme/Protein name Accession number Number Cluster. 
Activated metabolic pathways during adipocyte differentiation and their key enzymes (rate limiting steps). 
CoA, coenzyme A. 
Binding factors Over-represented cluster CS FE Putative target genes Genes in cluster with promoter in PromoSer database Putative target genes of all clusters. 
Transcription factors that could regulate co-expressed genes in each cluster. 
Probabilities for over-representation (<0.05) of genes having a predicted transcription factor binding site relative to the total of all clusters. CS, one-sided ?2 test; FE, one-sided Fisher's exact test. 
SREBP-1 Putative target genes Genes in cluster Against total PromoSer database Against total of all clusters        CS FE CS FE. 
Significance of occurrence of predicted SREBP-1 binding sites in the promoters of co-expressed genes identified by clustering. 
Probabilities for over-representation (<0.05) of genes having a predicted SREBP-1 site relative to all unique regulated genes of PromoSer and to the total of all clusters. Cluster 4 is the only one with significantly increased occurrence of predicted SREBP-1 binding sites. CS, one-sided ?2 test; FE, one-sided Fisher's exact test; SREBP, sterol-regulatory element binding protein. 
Gene Expression Array SystemFold Change TaqMan Fold Change Affymetrix Fold Change. 
TaqMan assay based QRTPCR and Microarray Fold changes for 23 genes. Genes that were not significant on the Affymetrix column are indicated (n.s.). Twenty genes were validated and three showed little change (BIRC5, WNT7A, and ETS1). 
GO Number GO Category Observed Genes Total Genes p-value. 
GOStat analysis of Biological Processes that are significantly enriched in the set of 3478 genes found with the AB platform. Of those genes only 2476 had recognizable HUGO symbols and 1811 were annotated in the GO database. Shown here is a subset of 20 representative significant GO annotations. The complete set of 135 significant GO categories together with the identities of the genes in each category is included in the supplementary data. 
Biological Process Observed Genes Expected Genes p-value. 
Significantly overrepresented GO categories from the Panther annotation database using the same gene set as Table 1. 
Kinases That Appear to Have Been Secondarily Lost from Yeast. 
Broadly Conserved Kinases That Are Missing from Dictyostelium. 
Human Kinases Implicated in Disease That Are Conserved in Dictyostelium. 
Gene Forward primer (5?–3?) Reverse primer sequences (5?–3?). 
Sequences of primers used for RT–PCR. 
Gene symbol Accession number Description Up/down Fold change (array) Fold change (RT–PCR) E2F site (position). 
E2F-1 regulated genes. 
HER-3 membranous expression HER-3 cytoplasmic expression. 
Patient clinicopathological data and HER-3 membranous and cytoplasmic expression. 
HER-4 membranous expression HER-4 cytoplasmic expression. 
Patient clinicopathological data and HER-4 membranous and cytoplasmic expression. 
HER- 3 expression (membranous or cytoplasmic) HER- 4 expression (membranous or cytoplasmic). 
Patient clinicopathological data and HER-3, HER-4 expression. 
Proximal colon:cecum, ascending, transverse colon. Distal colon:descending, sigmoid colon. 
Classification n. 
Protein kinase and phosphatase loci of mouse. 
Transcript support 5' end 3' end. 
cDNA evidence. 
Breakdown of supporting transcript evidence used in the paper: full-length cDNAs (FANTOM3, public), expressed sequence tags (ESTs; public ESTs, and RIKEN 5' and 3' ESTs), capped analysis of gene expression (CAGE) tags, and DiTags (gene identification signature [GIS] and Genome Sciences Centre [GSC]). 
End  5 counts 10 counts 20 counts 50 counts. 
Support for alternative transcription starts and stops within the phosphoregulator set. 
Number of 5' or 3' ends are shown for thresholds of 5, 10, 20 or 50 supporting tags. Shows the number of ends divided by the number of genes, and the ratio in brackets Note that at a threshold of 50, the number of genes with 3' end support is almost half that with 5' support. TSS, transcription start site; TTS, transcription termination site. 
Intron Type Count MGI symbol. 
Loci with well supported alternative 5' exons. 
The Intron column refers to the intron where alternative transcript begins, and the Count column shows the number of loci in each class. Intronic, starts in intron runs into next exon; ME_exon, mutually exclusive first exons. 
Total set Full-length cDNAs Transcript isoforms Peptide encoding transcripts Peptide isoforms Domain combinations. 
Breakdown of transcript and peptide sets used in the variant analyses. 
Unique transcripts and unique peptides were identified by the Isoform Transcript Set (ITS) and Isoform Peptide Set (IPS) sequences identified by Carninci and coworkers [20]. 
MGD symbol Transcripts Catalytic Accessory domains removed. 
Catalytic variants lacking all accessory domains. 
MGD symbol Transcripts Catalytic Accessory domains in noncatalytic form. 
Noncatalytic variants with the full set of accessory domains. 
Type Loci Novel Knowna. 
Variant kinase and phosphatase receptor forms of mouse. 
aPreviously reported variants [37,38,1,82-92]. bDetected by massively parallel signature sequencing (MPSS) or Genomics Institute of the Novartis Research Foundation (GNF). 
Virus family Virus species Host-cell target Drug Antiviral activity in vitro Antiviral activity in vivo References. 
Host drug targets that have antiviral activity. 
OXIDIZING SYSTEMS ANTIOXIDIZING SYSTEMS. 
Normal aerobic metabolism oxidizing and antioxidizing systems. 
Probe Set Unigene Fold Change P Value Gene Name Gene Symbol. 
Genes at post natal day 10 showing fold change values of ?2 between Nf1 +/- and wild type mice (p ? 0.05). 
Probe Set Unigene Fold Change P Value Gene Name Gene Symbol. 
Genes at post natal day 15 showing fold change values of ?2 between Nf1 +/- and wild type mice (p ? 0.05). 
Probe Set Unigene Fold Change P Value Gene Name Gene Symbol. 
Genes at post natal day 20 showing fold change values of ?2 between Nf1 +/- and wild type mice (p ? 0.05). 
Gene Symbol Gene Name Probe ID Fold Change P-value RT-PCR Fold Change RT-PCR P-value. 
Affymetrix and RT-PCR fold change values for genes significantly regulated in the hippocampus of Nf1 +/- mice. 
Category River of origin 50 ATU 110 ATU 180 ATU. 
Sample categories and their abbreviations, sample group's river of origin, and stage of M74 at the time sample was taken. The design for all E, I1, I2, I3 and L hybridizations was M74 vs healthy (M/H). In H and M hybridizations, healthy fry of 50 vs 180 ATU (H) and M74 fry of 50 vs 180 ATU were compared (M). Hybridization scheme is shown in Fig. 9. 
Gene Name Sequence (5'-3'). 
Quantitative RT-PCR primer sequences and gene names. 
PPSP PKA CK2 ATM S6K. 
The performances of self-consistency, Jack-knife validation and n -fold (4-, 6-, 8-, 10-fold in this work) cross-validation for four well-studied PKs of PKA, CK2, ATM and S6K. The n - fold cross-validation has been performed for the large data sets (N ? 30). 
PPSP TRK mTOR SyK MET/RON. 
The self-consistency performance and Jack-knife validation for four novel PKs of TRK, mTOR, SyK and MET/RON. 
PK group Random ennea- peptides Ennea-peptides from human proteome  S T Y S T Y. 
With the default cut-off of PPSP, the percentile of the sites predicted to be potential true positive hits is listed. Both random ennea-peptides and data sets from human proteome have been computed, separately. 
PK Group PKA CK2 ATM S6K Predictor  Sn (%) Sp (%) MCC Sn (%) Sp (%) MCC Sn (%) Sp (%) MCC Sn (%) Sp (%) MCC. 
The prediction performance of Scansite, NetPhosK, KinasePhos and GPS for four well-studied PKs of PKA, CK2, ATM and S6K. 
a. The default parameters are employed for PPSP, NetPhosK and GPS. 
b. ScanSite 2.0 has three thresholds for prediction, including high, medium and low stringencies. 
c. N/A – not available. 
d. KinasePhos has paid attention to prediction specificity with three cut-off values, as 90%, 95% and 100%. 
CK2 NS2 (P23065) GAGA (Q08605) Calmodulin (P62158). 
The experimental verified vs. predicted CK2-specific phosphorylation sites of Bluetongue virus (BTV) nonstructural protein 2 (NS2), Drosophila transcription factor GAGA and human Calmodulin protein. 
I1 I2 A B C D E F G O1 O2. 
Shortest length of positive/negative paths in TOYNET (?= no path exists). Values in the diagonal indicate whether the respective element is involved in a positive/negative feedback loop. See also the dependency matrix in Figure 6. 
The hyperarcs of the logical T-cell signaling model (see Figure 10). Exclamation mark ('!') denotes a logical NOT and dots within the equations indicate AND operations. 
All negative and positive feedback loops in the T-cell model as determined by CellNetAnalyzer. Negative influences are indicated by "?", positive influences are expressed by "?". 
Ligand Expressed by Type II receptor Type I receptor Smads References. 
Signalling pathways of TGF-? superfamily ligands expressed in the ovary. 
Oligonucleotides used in this study. 
Overview of the EST-based data mining strategy. Screening for differentially expressed genes between normal and cancer tissues. EST counts in each analytical step. Total number of EST clusters in each class (upregulated, downregulated, tumor-specific or absent in tumors) was determined after Bonferroni corrected exact Fisher test. 
A B. 
Chromosomal regions of differential gene expression in cancer. (A) Number of hits, i.e. number of genes with differential expression per chromosome, is depicted. 'Up' and 'down' mean chromosomal regions with increased and decreased tumor expression, respectively. '%' represents the percentage of candidate genes against the total number of genes present on the chromosome. (B) Chromosomal regions found to be associated with at least 5 hits in the digital subtraction analysis are shown ('banding'). '%' represents the percentage of hits for a particular chromosomal banding against the total number of genes present in the same banding. Chromosomal bandings marked in bold correspond to previously identified regions associated with either tumor amplicon ('Up' column) or deleted ('Down' column) regions in tumors. 
Cell line WDNM1 TIMP3 Lck Collagen VI. 
PDK1-induced gene expression by qrt-PCR. 
Values are expressed as the absolute mRNA levels present in Comma/PDK1 and Comma/vector cells in arbitrary units relative to the expression of ?-actin. Each result is the mean ± S.E. of 3 determinations. The relative values from gene microarray analysis are shown for comparison. 
Genes Forward primer (5' ? 3') Reverse primer (5' ? 3'). 
Target gene Sequence of forward and reverse primers position. 
Summary of primer sequences and positions. 
Cells/Growth condition Comparison. 
The cell groups/conditions used to compare gene expression. 
Gene Symbol Modulation. 
Genes Regulated by SSeCKS in NIH3T3 fibroblastsa A value ? 2 represents induction; a value ? 0.5 represents repression. 
aS24 MEF, 37°C, Tet (-) vs (+). 
* Similar effects after SSeCKS re-expression in v-Src transformed cells (Table 5). 
Modulation    Gene Symbol A B. 
Genes regulated by ts72v-Src activation A value ? 2 represents induction; a value ? 0.5 represents repression. 
A, S24/ts72v-Src cells, 35°C vs 39.5°C, + tet. 
B, S24/ts72v-Src cells, 35°C vs S24 MEF 35°C, + tet. 
*, opposite effect when compared to SSeCKS overexpression alone (Table 3). 
**, similar effects when compared to SSeCKS overexpression alone (Table 3). 
NC, no change. 
Gene Symbol Modulation. 
Genes regulated by SSeCKS in v-Src transformed cellsa A value ? 2 represents induction; a value ? 0.5 represents repression. 
a, S24/ts72v-Src MEF, 35 °C, + vs – tet. 
*, similar effects when compared to SSeCKS overexpression alone (Table 3). 
**, opposite effects when compared to v-Src activation (Table 4). 
***, similar effects when compared to v-Src activation (Table 4). 
Fold change (array) Fold change (RT-PCR) a    Gene SSeCKS Inductionb SSeCKS induction plus v-Src activationc SSeCKS induction SSeCKS induction plus v-Src activation. 
Comparison of microarray and RT-PCR data. 
a, based on two independent experiments. SE < 0.005. 
b, from Table 3. 
c, from Table 5. 
NC, no change. 
A Genome-Wide RNAi Screen Identified 32 SynMuv Suppressor Genes That Are Potentially Involved in Chromatin Remodeling. 
Genetic Interactions of zfp-1 and mes Genes with SynMuv and ras Genes. 
SynMuv Suppressor Genes Play a Role in Rescuing mep(lf) Larval Lethality, Germline Transgene Silencing, RNAi and the Ectopic Expression of lag-2 in Intestine. 
Representations of TOPO Expression Mountains by the SynMuv Suppressor Genes and the SynMuv Genes. 
Group vs.:    GROUP # Differentiating Genes CONT FUNG FISH COMB. 
Number of up- and down-regulated probes that differentiated each treatment group from all other groups. Trends in regulation for probes differentiating treatment groups. The smallest set of probes (a subset of probes described in Fig. 1) differentiating each group (FUNG, FISH, COMB) from all others at P < 0.001 was determined with set intersection analysis. There is one row for each set of differentiating probes. Columns show numbers of genes in the list, up (+) and down (-) regulated. Almost all differentiating genes were down-regulated in pair wise comparisons. 
Process/Differentiating group(s) FUNG FISH COMB. 
Genes differentiating FUNG, FISH, and COMB, using gene ontology classifications and enrichment analysis. Genes differentiating FUNG, FISH, and COMB, using gene ontology (GO) classifications and enrichment analysis. Differentially regulated genes (GEA model) were subjected to enrichment analysis to select GO terms "enriched with" these genes. Two broad GO categories included are "Biological Process" and "Molecular Function". Specific GO terms are included and specific genes within each gene term differentiating the diets are parenthesized, alphabetized, and separated by commas. Rows are sorted for consistency with Table 3 where possible. Differentiating genes were selected at P < 0.001, and GO terms computed at P < 0.01; P is the probability a random gene for each GO term will have as many genes with the same GO term as the actual list. The biological process category "Metabolism" was excluded as it was too general. Genes in Tables 2-3 are not identical because of the different statistical approaches utilized. Enrichment analysis placed acadm (acetyl-Coenzyme A dehydrogenase, medium chain (MCAD) in both the FA oxidation and Electron transport categories; it was removed from the latter. 
Fold Change: Differentiating group vs. other groups:      Gene Symbol Name Unigene Differentiating Group CONT FUNG FISH COMB. 
Genes differentiating FUNG, FISH, AND COMB. Genes differentiating FUNG, FISH, and COMB. Shown are genes differentiating each group from all other groups, for which annotations were available. Unigene numbers lack Mm. prefix. Fold changes, relative to the differentiating group, are as follows: red, up regulation; green, down regulation. For example, for tcfe3, COMB was the differentiating group. Transcript levels for tcfe3 were 6.2 fold less for COMB relative to CONT; 7.8 fold less for COMB relative to FUNG; and 11.1 fold less for COMB relative to FISH; and FISH increased transcript levels relative to FUNG. Biological categories (e.g., Structural Role, Phosphatases and kinases) were derived from gene ontology (GO) nomenclature. Within each biological category, rows were sorted by differentiating group (FUNG, FISH, COMB), up or down regulation, and thereafter, alphabetically. ***P?0.001; **0.001<P?0.005; *0.005<P?0.010. A more extensive version of this table including GO biological processes and GO molecular functions is available upon request. 
Metabolic effect of gene change Differentiating group Gene changes Signaling pathway. 
Summary of genes differentiating FUNG, FISH, and COMB. Summary of genes differentiating FUNG, FISH, and COMB. Included are a subset of the most important genes selected from Table 3. The predicted global metabolic effect (up or down regulation) mediated by the differentiating group relative to other groups, is shown in the first column. The 2nd column shows the differentiating group. The differentially regulated genes, and their direction of change, are shown in column 3, with signaling cascades in column 4. For example, relative to other groups, FUNG up regulated apoptosis via down regulation of the apoptosis inhibitor diap1, via JUN-RHOA signaling. TF, transcription factor. 
Diagnosis Total Number examined nuclear only or nuclear/cytoplasmic positive Cytoplasmic positive only negative p value1. 
Summary of subcellular localization of fatty acid binding protein 7 in gliomas. 
1 The significance of nuclear FABP7 between 9 FABP7-positive grade I pilocytic astrocytoma specimens and the other type of FABP7-positive tumors was evaluated using Mann-Whitney test. 
2 Minimal number of FABP7-positive nuclei were occasionally seen in all grade I tumors and we did not consider them for statistics. 
3 FABP7 was not expressed in neoplastic oligodendrocytes. 
Case # Diagnosis Age Survival (wk) Censor FABP7 Nu FABP7 Cyto New Category* EGFR IHC P53 IHC MIB-1. 
A set of 61 GBM specimens for analyses of patient survival and the correlation between FABP7 and EGFR expression. 
*Based on nuclear FABP7 and EGFR immunoreactivity: dual negative as "0", nuclear FABP7-/EGFR+ as "1", nuclear FABP7+/EGFR- as "2", and dual positive as "3". 
NA, no IHC data available. 
Expression of FABP7 and EGFR mRNA in GBM from two independent published DNA microarray datasets. 
Case # Diagnosis Age Survival (wk) Censor FABP7 Nu EGFR IHC New Category*. 
An independent set of 44 GBM specimens to examine the effects of nuclear FABP7 and EGFR expression on patient survival. 
*Based on nuclear FABP7 and EGFR immunoreactivity: dual negative as "0", nuclear FABP7-/EGFR+ as "1", nuclear FABP7+/EGFR- as "2", and dual positive as "3". 
Organ confined disease, radical prostatectomy (surgical). 
Prognostic factors associated with prostate cancer after different types of treatment and according to the level of extension. Patients with organ confined disease treated with radical prostatectomy (surgical or radiated), and patients with more extensive disease are presented separately. The database applied was PubMed, the presented papers were published during years 1989 – 2005. 
* Prostate Specific Antigen, ** Insulin-like Growth Factor, *** Microvessel density, **** Androgen Receptor. 
GO ID g f c n expt prob GO type GO term Cluster ID anti-CD40 LPS AIG. 
Clustering and CLASSIFI results for data from 3 ligands. 
Gene clusters (Cluster ID 1–19) resulting from categorical clustering of processed data from B cells stimulated with anti-CD40, LPS, and AIG. "1" = upregulated, "-1" = downregulated, and blank = no significant change. Following CLASSIFI analysis, the GO term giving rise to the lowest probability in each gene cluster is indicated. GO ID = a unique Gene Ontology identifier assigned to a GO term that corresponds to a defined molecular function (MF), biological process (BP), or cellular component (CC). g = number of probes in the data set, f = number of probes with associated GO ID in the data set, c = number of probes in the gene cluster, n = number of probes with associated GO ID in the gene cluster. Expt = the expected number of occurrences of a given GO ID in a given cluster of size (n) based on a random distribution. Prob = the probability that the GO ID co-cluster pattern has occurred by chance. 
GO ID f n prob GO type GO term Cluster ID. 
Excerpt of CLASSIFI results for six gene clusters giving significant probabilities. 
The five GO IDs giving the lowest probability are listed for each of six gene clusters giving significant probabilities in Table 1. GO ID = a unique Gene Ontology identifier that corresponds to a defined molecular function, biological process, or cellular component (GO name). f = number of probes with the associated GO ID in the data set, n = number of probes with the associated GO ID in the gene cluster. prob = the probability that the GO ID co-cluster pattern has occurred by chance. 
GO ID Probe ID Gene Name. 
Genes annotated with transport-related GO terms from Gene Cluster #18. 
List of characterized genes detected using specific cDNA probes (Probe ID) found in Gene Cluster #18 that are associated with GO terms "monovalent inorganic ion transport" (GO:0015672), "ion transport" (GO:0006811), and "transporter activity" (GO:0005215). N.B. GO:0015672 is a child of GO:0006811, which is a child of GO:0005215 in the GO hierarchy. 
Protein description Gene Sym Symbol LocusLink ID Function Reference. 
Manual curation of Gene Cluster #18 genes. 
Genes found in Gene Cluster #18 with functions related to (A) intracellular trafficking, BCR signaling, vesicle processing and function, and antigen processing and presentation, (C) apoptosis, and (D) B cell-related autoimmune disease. (B) Genes annotated with "transporter" activity whose roles are not yet known to be associated with intracellular trafficking. 
M2* M3# . 
Affinity profiles of selective and nonselective muscarinic receptor antagonists for muscarinic M2 and M3 receptors. 
* Data represent binding affinities (pKi) for cardiac muscarinic M2 receptors. 
# Data represent functional affinities (pA2) to methacholine-induced contraction of tracheal and bronchial preparations. 
† Data represent binding affinities (pKi) to cloned human muscarinic receptor subtypes. 
Cell type Presence of muscarinic receptors, ChAT and/or acetylcholine Functional effects of acetylcholine . 
Muscarinic regulation of (airway) inflammation. 
* Further characterization is necessary: putative presence of muscarinic M1 – M5 receptors shows high variability and is based on their presence in mononuclear leukocytes [83]. 
# Presence of muscarinic receptors on macrophages and neutrophils suggests their involvement in LTB4 production by sputum cells [93]. 
Asthma  COPD . 
Airway remodeling in asthma and COPD. Muscarinic receptors and acetylcholine play significant roles in airway smooth muscle remodeling, and possibly in goblet cell hyperplasia and mucus gland hypertrophy. Their involvement in other aspects of airway remodeling is less well explored. 
GiPI3K1 GiPI3K2. 
Analysis of the giardial PI3K domains. Percentage identity values for the full-length and domain-only sequences of GiPI3K1 and GiPI3K2 with other PI3K isoforms following their sequence alignment. 
Function Gene. 
Genes Up-regulated in Rho0 cells (? 3 fold). 
Function Gene. 
Genes Down regulated in Rho0 (? 3 fold). 
Gene No. Studied (% down-regulated) Methylation status and expression levels      Methylated Unmethylated       No. Lack of or down-regulated expression (%) No. Lack of or down-regulated expression (%). 
Relation between promoter hypermethylation by MSP and gene expression by RT-PCR. 
Metaboltes Activated Molecules References. 
Signal molecules activated or upregulated by COX and LOX metabolites. 
Target molecule Applied agent Effects Cancer cells / mouse modells Reference. 
Summary of experimental modulation of growth factors in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. 
Chromosomal Gene. 
Summary of Known Chromosomal/Gene Alterations in Pancreatic Tumors. 
Growth Factors Activating Tyrosine Kinase Receptors Receptor. 
Examples of Angiogenic Growth Factors that Are Overexpressed in Human Pancreatic Cancer and their Cognate Receptors. 
Lower Chamber. 
Checkerboard configuration for chemotaxis and chemokinesis. Details of assays are described in Materials and Method. Upper and lower Boyden chambers were filled with buffer containing various concentrations of serum as indicated. Chemokinetic combinations include A, E, F, I, J, K, M, N, O and P. Chemotactic conditions are B, C, D, G, H, and L. 
Lower Chamber. 
Checkerboard result for chemotaxis and chemokinesis. The number of cells that migrated across the filter was counted at the end of the 8 h assay. Plus (+) and minus (-) indicators show, respectively, the presence or absence of cells on the underside of the filter. The number of indicators (plus or minus) approximates the level of cell migration. 
H460 Cells Total Path Length (?m) Net Path Length (?m) Directionality Speed (?m/min) Area (sq. ?m). 
Parameter measurements of chemokinesis. Student's T-tests comparing parameters of motility between KINE and CON cells rejecting the Ho at P less than 0.05. Mean, Standard Deviation and P values are tabulated (* indicate significant difference; NS = non-significant difference). 
Gene Reference Normal PanIN1A PanIN1B PanIN2 PanIN3 Carcinoma. 
Frequency of major genetic alterations in pancreatic carcinoma. 
. 
In vitro cytotoxicity of argan extracts on HTC cells. 
The cells were exposed to 50 ?g ml?1 of each extract for 6 or 21 h and viability was then determined by Trypan Blue (0.2%) exclusion. The suitable controls (DMSO or H2O) were carried out as indicated in the Materials and Methods section. 
Function p-value Up to fold change Number of Genes. 
Genes induced by Dexamethasone in MSCs. 
Function p-value Up to fold change Number of Genes. 
Genes repressed by Dexamethasone in MSCs. 
GeneID Name Probe_ID Fold change        YT/YU OT/OU. 
Gene array analysis for adipogenesis, osteogenesis and myogenesis pathways. 
The fold change are of treated versus untreated cells from young (3 month) or old (15 month) rats. In genes that have multiple probe sets, a representative probe set was displayed. 
a) gene was selected with the relevant function in both rat genes and mouse orthologs. 
b) gene was selected with the relevant function in mouse orthologs,. 
c) gene was selected with the relevant function in both rat genes and human orthologs. 
d) gene was selected with the relevant function in human orthologs,. 
*) MAD homolog 5 appears also under the function of angiogenesis. 
Gene Primers Size of PCR Product. 
Primers used for RT-PCR amplification. 
Author (Reference) Year of publication Patients (n) Patients with EGFR-amplification (n) Patients with EGFR-overexpression (n) Method of EGFR evaluation. 
Percentage of reported EGFR-amplification/overexpression in patients with glioblastoma multiforme: Literature overview. Abbreviations: Southern Blot (SB), Immunohistochemistry (IHC), Western Blot (WB), Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), In situ hybridization (ISH), Fluorescence In-Situ Hybridization (FISH). 
Gene Primers Sequences. 
Gene-specific primers used in semi-quantitative RT-PCR analysis. 
Gene GenBank ID Expression Remarks. 
List of genes identified in the microarray analysis between HeLa Tet-off cells harboring pTIG-TSPY and those harboring the vector pTIG alone. 
Genes listed in boldface were analyzed with semi-quantitative for RT-PCR (Figure 6). 
Substrate Reference. 
Typical substrates of p38 mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase. 
Primary NB Age (mos.) INSS stage MYCN Tumor PIK3CA status* Constitutional PIK3CA status. 
PIK3CA in Primary Human Neuroblastomas. 
INSS ; International Neuroblastoma Staging System. 
AMP ; MYCN genomic amplification. 
S ; single-copy MYCN per haploid genome. 
wt ; wild-type sequence. 
* Nucleotide position referenced from genomic sequence 1st nucleotide of exon 1. 
NB Cell Line MYCN Exon 4 Exon 5 Exon 9 Exon 20. 
PIK3CA in Neuroblastoma cell lines. 
wt ; wild-type sequence. 
AMP ; MYCN amplified. 
S ; MYCN single-copy per haploid genome. 
* Position referenced from genomic sequence 1st nucleotide of exon 1. 
TH-MYCN NB* MYCN** Hras1 Kras2 Nras Braf PIK3CA. 
Ras family , Braf and PIK3CA in Murine Neuroblastomas. 
wt ; wild-type sequence. 
* T denotes thoracic tumor (all others are retroperitoneal/abdominal). 
** MYCN transgene overexpressed in neural crest tissues. 
Percent of annexin V+ DP thymocytes  Control T3.70+?CD28 APC control APC+HY peptide VP16. 
Activation-induced cell death is defective in HY+ LATY136Fm/m RAG-2 knockout male and female thymocytes. 
Thymocytes from HY+ LATY136Fm/m RAG?/? male and HY+ LATY136Fm/m RAG?/? female mice were stimulated with 5 ug/ml plate-bound T3.70 and 50 ug/ml anti-CD28 or APCs preloaded with 1 uM HY peptide. As a positive control for apoptosis, thymocytes were also treated with etoposide (VP16). Annexin V staining was determined by flow cytometry after 24 h of incubation. 
Experiment 1. 
Not done. 
Experiment 2. 
MDM2-mutant mice Phenotype (major features) p53-null background E6-AP-null background E6-AP-transgenic background Hypothetical MDM2 pathway Reference. 
Comparison of genetic alterations of MDM2 in different genetic backgrounds. 
*No changes detected in the crossed mice in comparison with the MDM2-mutant mice. NR, not reported. 
No tamoxifen Tamoxifen. 
The number of patients allocated to different adjuvant therapies. 
CMF, cyclophosphamide–methotrexate–5-fluorouracil. 
% immunostained cells    0% 1–10% > 10%. 
The immunohistochemical score for Akt1 ( n = 272), Akt2 ( n = 270) and phosphorylated Akt (pAkt) ( n = 274). 
Data presented as n (%). 
Akt2 immunostaining pAkt immunostaining    0% 1–10% > 10% 0% 1–10% > 10%. 
The interrelationship between Akt1, Akt2 and phosphorylated Akt (pAkt) immunostaining. 
Data presented as n (%). 
Number of patients Rate ratio Test for significance ( P ). 
Multivariate analysis of distant recurrence in oestrogen receptor-positive patients including the variables lymph node status, tumour size, Akt, treatment, and the interaction term Akt × tamoxifen. 
CMF, cyclophosphamide–methotrexate–5-fluorouracil. a The variable was coded 0, 1, 2. b The variable was coded 0, 1. 
Number of patients Rate ratio Test for significance ( P ). 
Multivariate analysis of locoregional recurrence including the variables lymph node status, tumour size, oestrogen receptor (ER) status, Akt, treatment, and the interaction term Akt × radiotherapy. 
CMF, cyclophosphamide–methotrexate–5-fluorouracil. a The variable was coded 0, 1, 2. b The variable was coded 0, 1. 
Farnesyltransferase (FT) Geranylgeranyltransferase I (GGT1) Geranylgeranyltransferase II (GGT2 or RabGGT). 
Features of human protein prenyltransferases. 
*C, cysteine; a1, and a2 are amino acids that are preferably aliphatic; the identity of a1 is more flexible than a2. X can be C, S, Q, A, M, T, H, V, N, F, G, or I for FT, or L, F, I, V, or M for GGT1 (in decreasing order of affinity). †Requires an escort protein such as REP1. 
Organism Subunit Chromosome Number of exons. 
Protein prenyltransferase genes in model organisms. 
A check list for the evaluation of the utility of anti-oxidant therapies. 
Genbank Accession Number  Gene Fold Change Transcription/RNA Processing Peptidase Cytoskeletal Protein Binding Transport M etabolism Transm em brane Receptor Signaling Cell Cycle Stress Response. 
Cellular genes containing CREB response element activated by Tax. 
Genbank Accession Number Gene  Fold change Function. 
Tax activated genes involved in aneuploidy. 
Accession # Gene ID Forward Reverse Size(bp) Correctly mapped. 
Primers used for PCR. 
Viral Protein Cellular Interacting Protein Function in Normal Cells Phenotype. 
Effect of various viral proteins on centrosomal abnormalities. 
Ethnic Group Class Comparison Student t test p 2-value < 0.005 # genes differentially expressed Permutation Test (p-value)    Multivariate Univariate. 
Genes with expression altered by exposure of PBMC in response to rIL-2 (300 IU/ml) in vitro – BMC were obtained from 30 Caucasian (Ca) and 17 Chinese (Ch) normal donors. Class comparison was performed by two-tailed Student t test with as cutoff of significance a p2-value <0.005 comparing CY5/Cy3 log2 ratios between test and reference samples (see Materials and Methods). Multivariate and univariate permutation test evaluated the significance of the comparisons. 
Cell line IC50 (mean ± SEM) Tumour growth inhibition in vivo by R115777 Ras statusa ERa EGFRa HER2a          50 mg/kg 100 mg/kg    . 
Results from cell and cell tumour experiments. 
The table shows the concentration of R115777 required to reduce cell numbers by 50% (50% inhibitory concentration [IC50]), inhibition by R115777 at two different doses in tumours grown in athymic mice, and receptor and ras status for the different cancer cell lines. aData collected from the literature [4,12,46]. EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ER, oestrogen receptor; SEM, standard error of the mean. 
Cell line Control Treated R115777      50 mg/kg 100 mg/kg. 
Apoptosis and proliferation in cell tumour experiments. 
Effect of R115777 on proliferation (Ki67), apoptosis (TdT-mediated dUTP-fluorescence nick end labelling [TUNEL]) and cell turnover index (CTI) in cell line tumours grown in athymic nude mice. Values are expressed as median values (interquartile range). * P < 0.05, ** P < 0.01, *** P < 0.001, **** P < 0.0001. 
Index Day 0 Day 14 Day 21 Day 28      Control R115777 Control R115777 Control R115777. 
Results from experiments conducted in human DCIS xenografts. 
The overall effect of the farnesyl transferase inhibitor R115777 on proliferation and apoptosis of ducatal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) of the breast. Xenografts were implanted into athymic mice on day 0 and left untreated for 14 days. Xenografts were removed on day 14, day 21, and day 28. The mice were gavaged twice daily with either R115777 or control vehicle starting on day 14 after removal of the first pair of xenografts. Proliferation was measured by immunohistochemistry (Ki67) and apoptosis by morphology on haematoxylin and eosin stained slides. Data shown represent the overall effect of R115777 and for both doses separately. Data only include mice for which data were available from day 14 and day 21 or day 28. Data are expressed as geometric means with 95% confidence intervals. Statistical significance was tested for the change between day 14 and day 21 and between day 14 and day 28. * P < 0.05, ** P < 0.01, *** P = 0.001. CTI, cell turnover index. 
Criteria Details. 
Inclusion and exclusion criteria for participation in the study. 
Day Weeks Months Every 3 Months 1 year Every year    1 2 4 6 8 10 12 4 5 6 7 8 9   . 
Vaccination (with M-FP or placebo), testing and follow up. 
For T cell tests and antibody tests sample numbers are highlighted within the box as superscript, indicating time points at which immunological tests were carried out: afirst injection; bweek 6 (2 weeks after the third injection); cweek 12 (2 weeks after the sixth injection); d6 months (3 months after the seventh injection); e9 months (3 months after the eighth) injection; f1 year (3 months after the final [ninth] injection); g2 years (1 year and 3 months after the final injection); h3 years (2 years and 3 months after the final injection). Day 1 is the day of first vaccination. Follow up was every 3 months for 5 years. Antibody test = blood for testing antibody levels; Follow-up tests = laboratory tests, chest X-ray, upper and lower abdominal ultrasound; M-FP, oxidized mannan conjugated to MUC1 fusion protein; T cell test = PBMC for testing IFN-?; Vaccine = M-FP or placebo administered subcutaneously. 
Patient number Age (years) Date of surgery Type of treatment Tumour size (cm) Total nodes Metastatic nodes Grade Date of first injection Side effects Recurrence Last follow up Follow up (months). 
Follow up of patients injected with M-FP. 
aThe histologic type was invasive lobular adenocarcinoma with no grading. mast, mastectomy; M-FP, oxidized mannan conjugated to MUC1 fusion protein; RT, radiotherapy; tam, tamoxifen. 
Patient number Age (years) Date of surgery Type of treatment Tumour size (cm) Total nodes Metastatic nodes Grade Date of first injection Side effects Recurrence Last follow up Follow up (months). 
Follow up of patients injected with placebo. 
mast, mastectomy; M-FP, oxidized mannan conjugated to MUC1 fusion protein; RT, radiotherapy; tam, tamoxifen. 
Semaphorin Species Expression (with representative references) Functions (with representative references). 
Expression and function of semaphorins. 
Semaphorin Binding receptors (with representative references) Signaling proteins (with representative references) 'Reverse' signaling (with representative references). 
Receptors and signaling proteins associated with semaphorins. 
A hyphen indicates not known. Abbreviations: Abl, Abelson tyrosine kinase; AKT, AKT serine/threonine kinase; Arg, Abl-related tyrosine kinase; CAM, cell adhesion molecule; CD45, CD45 phosphatase; Cdk5, cyclin-dependent kinase 5; CRAM, CRMP-associated molecule; CRMP, collapsing response mediator protein; cGKI, cGMP dependent protein kinase I; CSPG, chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan; ErbB2, receptor tyrosine kinase; ena, enabled; EVL, ena/VASP-like protein; FAK, focal adhesion tyrosine kinase; FARP2, FERM domain-containing GEF; Fes, feline sarcoma tyrosine kinase; Fyn, Fyn tyrosine kinase; Gab1, GRB2 associated binding protein 1; GIPC, GAIP interacting protein carboxy terminus; GSK-3, glycogen synthase kinase-3; Gyc76c, receptor guanylate cyclase 76c; HSPG, heparin sulfate proteoglycan; LARG, leukemia-associated RhoGEF; Met, receptor tyrosine kinase; MICAL, molecule interacting with CasL; MLCK, myosin light chain kinase; nNOS, neuronal nitric oxide synthase; Npn, neuropilin; OTK, off-track receptor tyrosine kinase; PI 3-kinase, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; PIPKI?661, PIP kinase type I; PKA, protein kinase A; PKC, protein kinase C; PKG, protein kinase G; Plex, plexin; Pyk2, Pyk2 tyrosine kinase; PSD-95, post-synaptic density protein; PTEN, PTEN phosphatase; ROCK, Rho-associated kinase; Ron, receptor tyrosine kinase; Src, Src tyrosine kinase; Syn-3, syndecan-3; Tim, T-cell immunoglobulin domain and mucin domain; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Cell Line Cell Type Doubling Time, ? (h). 
Doubling Times of Fibroblasts and Fibrosarcoma cells‡. 
‡ Doubling times were determined from cell growth curves of duplicate cultures. Cell counts were made every 24 h over a period of 96 h and the standard error in the counts was <2.5% for all curves. Normal fibroblast cultures were between passage levels of 9 to 20 passages. HT1080 passage levels were in excess of 100 passages. 
ELISA measurements of HGF concentrations in stromal-conditioned media from normal prostate stromal cells after 24 hr. culture. 
24 peptides were sequenced from cell lysates, based on co-immunoprecipitation with purified HGF protein. All peptides showed 100% sequence homology to previously cloned nucleolin (NCBI#4885511). Numbers within the Table refer to the peptide's location within the published nucleolin sequence. 
Characteristics of the major protein components of the miRNA-guided RNA silencing pathway. 
*Calculated from protein calculator v.3.2 ( http://www.scripps.edu/~cdputnam/protcalc.html ). ER, endoplasmic reticulum. 
Biological functions of miRNAs in different species. 
BL: Burkitt lymphoma; CLL: chronic lymphocytic leukemias; Expt: experimental; HCV: hepatitis C virus; HIV-1: human immunodeficiency virus type 1; ND: not determined; PFV-1: primate foamy virus type 1; Pred: predicted. 
Therapeutic aptamers in cancer treatment. 
Summary of the different protein kinases implicated in Tau phosphorylation, the exact residues that are modified by them and the phosphatases that participate in the dephosphorylation process of each residue. Phosphatases are (1) PP1, (2) PP2A, and (3) PP2B. See [ 70 – 73 ]. 
Summary of the main clinical studies that have provided statins efficacy results in AD or other types of dementias. Dur: duration of the study (months), N: number of patients, SD: study design, PO: main primary outcomes or biological effects, AO: additional outcomes, SO: main secondary outcomes, Ref: references. 
Clusters Subclusters Number of genes Significant TFBS present in all promoters of a given cluster. 
Significant TFBS of QTC subclusters from the AML data set. 
1 No subclusters formed. 
Cluster 1 Subclusters Number of genes Significant TFBS present in all promoters of a given cluster 2. 
Significant TFBS of PTM subclusters from the AML data set. 
1 DNA binding transcription factor used for cluster formation. 
2 Significant TFBS present in all promoters of the subcluster genes and the TFBS in parenthesis are present in the fraction promoters indicated. 
Cluster Time point Number of genes Significant TFBS present in all promoters of a given cluster 1 DBTF part of gene cluster 2. 
Significant TFBS of QTC subclusters from the serum response data set. 
1 TFBS in parenthesis are present in the fraction of promoters indicated. 
2 DNA binding transcription factors present in the respective subclusters. 
3 Indicates flat profiles. 
a. Cytokines and cytokine receptors. 
Differentiated, human cord blood-derived, mast cells were sensitized overnight by the addition of monomeric IgE followed by crosslinking the high affinity IgE receptors, Fc?RI using anti IgE for 2 h, 6 h and 12 h. Gene expression profile at each time point were analyzed and 115 genes, which were upregulated 2 fold or more (over control/unstimulated cells) atleast in one point have been selected and classified according to their biological functions as a) Cytokines and cytokine receptors b) Chemokine and chemokine receptors c) Other immunoregulatory genes d)Cell proliferation and anti-apoptosis e)Adhesion and cytoskeleton remodeling f)Transcription factors and regulators g) Signal transduction h) Other genes. Fold change is expressed as fold-increase over control/unsensitized samples, and representative of four separate experiments. 
Transcription factors and co-regulators of transcription (52). 
Fold occurrence of AhR binding sites in the promoters of Aroclor 1254-regulated genes. The occurrence value of AhR binding sites in the promoters of control genes is set to 1. 
AROCLOR 1254-INDUCED GENES (14 SEQUENCES) AROCLOR 1254-REPRESSED GENES (18 SEQUENCES). 
Definition of a common framework consisting of different transcription factor binding sites by analyzing 32 promoters of Aroclor 1254-regulated genes (transcription factors and genes involved in cell cycle regulation and apoptosis) using the Genomatix software FrameWorker. Only these promoters were applied, which possess at least one AhR binding site in its promoter, in order to identify candidate transcription factors which might cooperate with the AhR and in order to identify a common framework for promoters regulated by the AhR. 
Binding sites of transcription factors which were identified in Aroclor 1254-induced promoters are marked in red, whereas binding sites of transcription factors which were identified in Aroclor 1254-repressed promoters are marked in blue. Binding sites of transcription factors which were present in the corresponding frequency (100 or 90%) in only induced or repressed promoters are underlined. These transcription factor binding sites discriminate induced from repressed promoters and vice versa. ETS: ETS transcription factors are known to regulate cellular growth and differentiation. SP1: SP1 transcription factors are ubiquitous and bind to GC-rich sequences in a large number of promoters. They can modulate transcription of specific genes through interactions with cell type- or stage-specific transcription factors. E2F: The E2F family plays a crucial role in the control of cell cycle. CREB: cyclic AMP (cAMP) response element-binding protein is a ubiquitous transcription factor that functions in glucose homeostasis and stimulates the expression of numerous genes in response to growth factors, hormones, neurotransmitters, ion fluxes and stress signals. EGR: EGR transcription factors are known to activate genes which are involved in differentiation and mitogenesis. ZBP: ZBP transcription factors are known to activate genes which are involved in cell growth arrest and cell death. NF-kB: cytokine- or stress-activated and stimulates the expression of genes involved in a wide variety of biological functions. NKXH: NKX homeodomain factors play critical roles in regulating tissue-specific gene expression essential for tissue differentiation. MAZ: Myc-associated zinc fingers are ubiquitously expressed and can exert positive and negative control over the expression of target genes. HOX: The homeobox genes encode a highly conserved family of transcription factors that play an important role in morphogenesis. WHZ: Winged helix protein, involved in hair keratinization and thymus epithelium differentiation. ECAT: Enhancer CCAAT binding factors. A trimeric complex (nuclear factors YA-C (Y-box binding factors)), forming a highly conserved, ubiquitously expressed transcription factor that binds with high specificity to CCAAT motifs in the promoter regions in a variety of genes. TBP: TATA-binding protein factor binds directly to the promoter and nucleates the assembly of a transcriptionally competent preinitiation complex. 
WINDOW SIZES ANALYSED [KBP] 100 RANDOMIZED GENE LISTS (857) (MEAN OF THE EXPECTED NUMBER OF GENES) STANDARD DEVIATION EXPECTED PROBABILITY [%] AROCLOR 1254 REGULATED GENES (857) (OBSERVED NUMBER OF GENES) SIGNIFICANCE (P VALUE). 
Number of genes found in different window sizes: Comparison of the Aroclor 1254-regulated gene list (857 genes) with the mean of 100 randomized gene lists (857 genes, respectively). 
For each window size, the expected number of genes is shown along with the observed number of genes. The expected numbers of genes arise from the mean of 100 randomized gene lists comprising the same number of genes than the Aroclor 1254-regulated gene list. The expected probability [%] describes the number of genes as percentage for a given window size. Here, all genes from the randomized lists (857) are set to 100 %. Further the p value is shown for obtaining such a result by chance using the binominal distribution. 
FIRST GENE (REFSEQ ACCESSION NUMBER) FIRST GENE (AHR BINDING SITES) FIRST GENE (BINDING SITES OF OTHER TFS) SECOND GENE (REFSEQ ACCESSION NUMBER) SECOND GENE (AHR BINDING SITES) SECOND GENE (BINDING SITES OF OTHER TFS). 
Promoter analysis of 37 pairs of Aroclor 1254-regulated genes which are directly neighbored. 
* Promoter sequence was not available. 
ATF3 : activating transcription factor 3, function unknown; BHLHB2 : basic helix-loop-helix domain containing, class B2, anti-apoptosis, oncogenesis, hypoxia-induced; NFKB1 : Nuclear Factor kappa B1, cytokine or stress-activated; NRF1 : nuclear respiratory factor 1, cell growth, development; PPARG2 : Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma, adipocyte differentiation, obesity, diabetes and cancer; RFXANK : regulatory factor X-associated ankyrin-containing protein, controls the cell type specificity and inducibility of MHC class II gene expression; SP2 : Sp2 transcription factor, binds to GC box promoters elements. 
Gene R ?. 
mCMV Modulation of Embryonic SMG Gene Expression. 
R = mean relative expression ratio= mCMV/control (R is the mean of 3–5 independent experiments). 
? = gene expression noise = sR/R (where sR = standard deviation of R). 
* P < 0.05; ** P < 0.01; *** P < 0.001. 
Ddx/Dhx nomenclature Other names Functions in transcription Other functions. 
Summary of the commonly used names and reported functions for RHA, DP103, p68 and p72. 
ID Library Description EST No. GenBank Acc No. Total Reads in contigs Reads in singletons. 
Libraries, culture times, and sequencing statistics for ESTs generated in this study. 
Functional Classification Numbers in COG Percents in COG Numbers in KOG Percents in KOG. 
The comparative results of ESTs to COGs and KOGs. 
Contig/EST Number GenBank Acc No. E_value Product. 
Cell-wall related genes in Trichophyton rubrum expressed sequence tags. 
HMCL p18 FAF1 HMCL p18 FAF1. 
p18 and FAF1 RNA in 39 HMCL. 
Normalized RNA content on HG_U133A Gene Chip (see Methods). 
# IL-6 added to culture medium. 
* normal RT.PCR sequence. 
** mutant RT.PCR sequence (see Results). 
normalized p18 RNA*       # PC ?0.55 0.55–1 1–2 >2. 
p18 RNA and expression-based proliferation index (PI). 
* Summary of HG_U95A RNA expression data (Methods and Results for details). 
# P < 0.00001. 
Sample RNA# ??CT* PI**. 
p18INK4c content in MM DNA. 
# Normalized RNA content by HG_U95A analysis. 
* real time PCR for p18 DNA content. 
** expression-based proliferation index. 
See Materials and Results for details. 
Quantification of Meiotic Progression and MAP Kinase Activation after Shift of mpk-1 to Permissive Temperature. 
In Situ Hybridization Analysis of Autosomal MPK-1 Signaling-Responsive Genes. 
Meiotic Segregation Defects in mpk-1;pzf-1 Mutants. 
In Situ Hybridization Analysis of X-Linked MPK-1 Signaling-Responsive and Nonresponsive Genes. 
Treatments Embryos no. Apoptotic Phenotype (%). 
Effect of SMC3-deficiency on zebrafish development. 
Embryos at 1–2 cell stage were injected in the yolk with 1–3 nl of MO or mRNA to achieve the indicated dose. Each injection session consisted of 2–3 treatment groups of 30 embryos each and several experiments were performed to reach the sample size indicated. Embryos serving as the untreated group were injected with 1 nl of Danieau buffer. Embryos receiving a dual treatment, were first received smc3-MO and after randomization, half was injected with p53-MO or smc3-RNA. At 6 hpf the unfertilized eggs were removed and the developing embryos analyzed at 15 hpf. Embryos showing necrosis in the head were classified as apoptotic. 
Putative function NOP132/NOL8 -associating proteins DDX47 -asssociating proteins DDX18 -associating proteins. 
Putative NOP132-, DDX47-, and DDX18-associated proteins. 
Gene names according to HUGO nomenclature. DDX47- and DDX18-associated proteins that were also identified in FLAG-NOP132-associated complexes are underlined. DDX18-associated proteins that were also identified in FLAG-DDX47-associated complexes are in bold. 
Putative function NOP132/NOL8 -associating proteins DDX47 -asssociating proteins DDX18 -associating proteins. 
Putative NOP132-, DDX47-, and DDX18-associated trans-acting factors involved in ribosome biogenesis. 
Gene names according to HUGO nomenclature. DDX47- and DDX18-associated proteins that were also identified in FLAG-NOP132-associated complexes are underlined. DDX18-associated proteins that were also identified in FLAG-DDX47-associated complexes are in bold letter. Potential Yeast homologs are indicated in parentheses. 
Group Organism Telomeric repeat. 
Some known telomeric DNA sequences. 
Examples of ambiguity in potential quadruplex sequences showing (a) uneven guanine runs creating a choice of loop sequence and (b) where more than four consecutive guanine tracts gives rise to more than one possible quadruplex fold for a sequence. 
Rank Sequence Population. 
The top 20 most frequently occurring loop sequences ( 18 ). 
Sequences in cancer-related genes that have been identified as forming quadruplex structures. 
The likely G-tracts that are involved in G-quartets are marked in red. 
Genotypes Allele frequencies       Group n CC CT TT C T P. 
Distribution of genotypes and allele frequencies of the LRP1 C766T polymorphism in both breast cancer and control groups. 
Target Agent Agent class. 
Targeted therapies in clinical development. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; MEK, MAP kinase/ERK kinase; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PKC, protein kinase C. 
Derived Transgene Clone Host genotype Incidence of arthritis. 
Summary of arthritis induction by transfer of TNF-expressing SFs. 
Mice were classified as arthritic upon positive confirmation by histological analysis. a+Ab denotes group injected with arthritogenic clone B2 and then treated with anti-hTNF antibody 2 weeks after injection. b 'Lung' refers to a population of hTNF-secreting lung fibroblasts derived from hTNF/TAg double transgenic mice. hTNF, human tumor necrosis factor; RAG , recombinant activating gene; TAg, large tumor antigen; wt, wild-type. 
Clone no. RN N Deregulationa RT-PCR Gene ID Accession no. 
Deregulated genes in the arthritic SF as revealed by differential display RT-PCR. 
aFold of up/down-regulation, as calculated from Northern blots after normalization against glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. N, Northern; RN, reverse Northern; RT-PCR, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction. 
Fold change        A B P a Gene ID Accesion no. 
Deregulated genes in the arthritic synovial fibroblast as revealed by DNA microarrays. 
Deregulation is expressed as fold change of gene expression after global normalization, which is an estimate of the transcript abundance between the control and experimental samples, as determined by the Affymetrix software . Negative values indicate downregulation A and B refer to duplicate samples that differ by 10 passages. aCalculated with paired t -test for the average difference changes between the samples . 
Functional clustering of deregulated genes in the arthritic synovial fibroblasts. 
Numbers in parentheses refer to accession numbers; superscript prefixes indicate the method of gene selection, as follows: DD, differential display; MA, microarrays; N, Northern blot. Shading denotes down-regulated genes. 
Lean ZDF. 
Characteristics of ZDF rats and control lean rats at 17 weeks of age. 
** p <0.01, * p <0.05. 
Affymetrix U133A chips          Cell Line Type Sensitivity to EGFR TKI K-Ras Status (n) in training (n) in validation EGFR Status. 
Characterization of cell lines used in training and validation. 
1 Assayed in this study. 
AC: Adenocarcinoma. 
CML: Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia. 
Probeset Gene Description p-value. 
Genes 1–50 of the 180-gene signature of EGFR TKI sensitivity. 
* Genes 51–180 are included [see Additional File 3 ]. 
Predicted sensitivity to EGFR TKI      Cell Line Experimental Sensitivity to EGFR TKI (erlotinib) Prediction based on analysis of mutational status alone (Exons 18–21) Genomic signature/DLDA            10-genes 50-genes 180-genes. 
Diagonal linear discriminant analysis of NSCLC cell lines. 
Predictions of EGFR TKI sensitivity are denoted for ten cell lines used in training/validation. Column 2 demonstrates experimental sensitivity to an EGFR TKI, erlotinib (Table 1). Column 3 demonstrates prediction of sensitivity using mutational status of EGFR. Columns 4–6 denote prediction of sensitivity of the cell lines using the 10, 50, and 180 gene signatures in DLDA. ?: denotes correct prediction based on experimental sensitivity to EGFR TKI. *: Leave-a-group-out cross-validation incorrectly predicts 3 of 8 replicates of this cell line. 
Kinase IC50. 
Targets of sorafenib in cell-free assays. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ERK, extracellular signal-mediated kinase; Flt-3, fetal liver tyrosine kinase 3; HER-2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; IC50, concentration of drug required to cause 50% inhibition of an enzyme; m, murine; MEK, mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Species Cell type N* or T* 0r M* MN/PGs P- or S/T-neosis Trigger Conseuence Reference. 
Neosis-like events reported in different cell systems of different species. N* = normal cells, T* = transformed or tumor cells, M* = Mutant cells. 
Properties Trophoblast Tumor cell. 
Similarities between trophoblast maturation and tumor cell self-renewal. 
Properties of Raju cells and their mitotic derivatives:. 
Motif Number of genes containing motif among the proliferation cluster/entire array Over-representation P -value. 
Over-represented regulatory motifs in the proliferation cluster. 
  Fold repression Gene symbol HCT116 p53+/+ HCT116 p53?/? HCT116 p21?/?. 
p53- and p21-dependent repression of the proliferation cluster genes expression. 
  No. Origin   Destination   Note. 
Feedback and feedforward controls in the TLRs system. 
Rxn Reactants Products Rxn Reactants Products. 
Connection table of the reactions in the explicit MIM shown in Figure 3. 
The numbers refer to the reaction and species identification numbers in Figure 3 . For reversible binding, the letter ‘a' or ‘b' is appended to refer to association and dissociation, respectively. For enzyme reactions, suffixes ‘a' and ‘b' refers to production and dissociation of the enzyme–substrate complex, respectively; suffix ‘c' refers to conversion of the enzyme–substrate complex to products. A letter suffix added to a reactant or product species refers to the enzyme–substrate complex (whose existence is implied by the enzyme reaction symbol in the MIM). 
Step Reaction class Implied. 
Reaction classes defined by Blinov et al (Blinov, 2006 #2766) and shown or implied in the combinatorial MIM (Figure 6). 
The steps that do not have an entry in the ‘Implied' column in the table appear as direct interactions in the MIM in Figure 5 . The meaning of the entries in the ‘Implied' column is as follows: the first number (which is not enclosed in parentheses) indicates the step that defines the direct binary interaction; the numbers in parentheses indicate the steps that must precede the direct interaction step; these interactions are implied in the combinatorial MIM ( Figure 6 ) without having to be shown explicitly. For example, step 22 involves the binding of SOS to Grb2, where Grb2 has already bound ShcP. We denote this reaction symbolically as 12(21), because step 12 is SOS binding to Grb2 and step 21 is Grb2 binding ShcP. Similarly, step 23 (binding of ShcP to Grb2, where Grb2 has already bound SOS) is denoted by 21(12). The advantage of this symbolic notation is that it indicates the order of events and also tells us which molecules interact directly. In a further example, step 20 refers to binding of ShcP to ErbB1 phosphotyrosine-1148/1173, where the ShcP already exists in the ternary complex, ShcP–Grb2–SOS. This ternary complex however can form in two ways: by way of step 22 or 23. Therefore, we write 15(22 OR 23), meaning that the direct binary step is 15, and the pre-existing reactions are step 22 or 23. 
Motif ID Ratio of positive links to total positive and negative links in each subgroup   0 target 1 target 2 targets 3 targets 4 targets. 
Relations between the abundance of positive links and the abundance of miRNA targets in each network motif. 
Cellular machines Transcription Translation Secretion apparatus Motility Electrical response. 
Abundance of miRNA targets in the common nodes that locate in the shortest paths of all five cellular machines. 
Note: The input nodes (receptors) and output nodes of cellular machines were not counted. The P -value was given by comparing the abundance of miRNA targets of the common nodes to that of miRNA targets (0.294) in the network using a randomization test. 
Equations and boundary conditions describing the dynamics of MAP cascade kinases. 
Kinetic description of the MAPK cascade reactions that occur at the PM. 
Kinetic description of the MAPK cascade reactions in the cytoplasm. 
Expression of the molecules: (+) positive; (-) negative P. 
Phosphorylation and expression of the molecules and their relationship to gefitinib sensitivity. 
The relationship between gefitinib-sensitivity and the expression of these molecules was investigated by the Chi-square test. ** P < 0.05 was considered to be statistically significant. 
Clinicopathological Features of Cell Lines Used in Microarray Studies. 
Reproducibility and Dose-Dependence of Gene Induction by 5-Aza-2?-Deoxycytidine. 
Agreement and 95% CIs for Biological Replicates Performed 18 Months Apart. 
Correlation between Microarray and QPCR Data. 
Analysis of CpG Island Enrichment for Genes Induced by 5-Aza in Microarray Experiments. 
Frequency of Promoter Hypermethylation for Eight Genes as Determined by MSP for Indicated Tumors. 
Cases n(%) Controls n(%). 
Characteristics of the study subjects by source of recruitment. 
Genotype n HP+ (%) ORa(95%CI). 
Genotype frequency and odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95%CIs) of H. pylori Seropositivity ( HP+ ) in Healthy Checkup Examinees. 
aSex-age-adjusted odds ratio. 
Genotype n GA (%) ORa(95%CI). 
ORs and 95% CIs for gastric atrophy (GA) of Gab1 and the combinations of PTPN11 and Gab1 genotypes among seropositive healthy controls. 
aSex-age-adjusted odds ratio. 
bTwo subjects could not be genotyped for PTPN11. 
Genotype Cases n Controls n ORa (95%CI). 
The Gab1 genotype frequency and ORs for gastric cancer among the seropositive subjects. 
aSex-age-adjusted odds ratio. 
Oligo name Sequence Molecular weight Error   Observed Calculated p.p.m. 
Monoisotopic masses of deoxyoligonucleotide standards. 
Table of mutations detected after processing in both human Ad293 cells and E.coli. 
Gene Probe Set Accession # Fold Change. 
Gene expression effects of retroviral Rb transduction. 
Affymetrix U133 Plus 2.0 microarrays were hybridized with probes from vector- and Rb-transduced cells and analyzed with Affymetrix Microarray Suite software. The indicated probe sets were flagged as "Present" in vector transduced samples, and showed the indicated fold change in signal for Rb-transduced versus vector-transduced samples. Asterisks indicate probe sets with fold change less than 0.5. The double asterisk indicates one of the most strongly down-regulated genes in the microarray analysis. 
Gene F 1 R 1 Known AS Event 2 Confidence 3 Preferential Inclusion of Splice Variants 4 FC 5. 
Differentially spliced genes in colon cancer detected by the exon microarray and confirmed by PCR. 
1 Exon locations of the F (forward) and R (reverse) PCR primers. 2 Known Alternative Splicing Event As determined from RefSeq, full length mRNAs and ESTs on the UCSC Genome Browser. 3 Relative confidence in the interpretation. 4 Interpretation of the PCR results in terms of transcript structure. 5 Fold change at the gene level. (-) means that the signal is lower in Tumor. Abbreviations: Ex, exon; CE, cassette exon; MEE, mutually exclusive exon; Alt., alternative. 
Overview of the EST-based data mining strategy. 
Identification of tumor-associated polymorphisms located in human mRNA untranslated regions. UTR-located SNPs are referred to as UTR-SNPs. SNP counts in each analytical step. 
Description SNP ID UTR Variation P value mRNA secondary structure distance Putative functional element. 
Summary of cancer-associated UTR-SNPs. 
The Table shows a selection of 50 UTR-SNPs (out of 358) with significantly different allele frequency in normal versus tumoral tissues (exact Fisher's test; p < 0.01). UTR-SNPs are ranked by decreasing p-value. Swissprot protein accession references and Ensembl transcript accession references are indicated between brackets. Candidate positive after the multiple testing corrections are set in italics (Bonferroni), in bold (Benjamini and Hochberg) or underlined (candidate positive after a resampling procedure). Predictive effect of the polymorphisms on RNA secondary structure and putative UTR functional elements is indicated. Asterisk means that the reference allele sequence is modified by the cancer-associated UTR-SNP. For full data access, see Additional file 1 . Accession numbers and SNP rs numbers are indicated in column 1 (description) and column 2 (SNP ID), respectively. 
AML patients Healthy donors OR (95% CI). 
Results of SPARC genotyping analysis in AML samples. 
AML: acute myeloblastic leukaemia; OR: odds ratio; CI: confidence interval. 
number of sequences . 
Prediction of UTR-SNPs affecting mRNA folding structures. 
'Control': average of experiments with UTR-SNPs not associated with cancer phenotype (n = 358, 10 independent control trials). Results were statistically analyzed using the two sample t-test ('*', p < 0.05). 
UTR-SNPs Ref (n = 20,304) UTR-SNPs Var (n = 20,304) CANCER Ref (n = 358) CANCER Var (n = 358) CANCER Ref (permutation pool, n = 92) CANCER Var (permutation pool, n = 92). 
Putative UTR regulatory elements affected by cancer-associated UTR-SNPs. 
The results identify cis -regulatory elements located in the immediate vicinity of or at the UTR-SNP sites. UTR regulatory elements can be 'gained' or 'lost' when reference allele sequences are modified by cancer-associated SNPs. 
Technology Primary use Biomarker. 
Biomarkers identified by proteomics technologies in nasopharyngeal carcinoma. 
Malignant breast epithelium Normal luminal epithelium. 
Numerical analysis of massively parallel signature sequencing. 
Sequence signatures represent the total number of sequences obtained by massively parallel signature sequencing (MPSS). Uniquely mapped signatures correspond to the total number of human transcriptome clusters identified and retained in the 'gene-centric' annotation. Unique human transcriptome database (HTR) clusters are transcripts that mapped to a single human cluster and had an abundance of ?3 transcripts per million (tpm) (approximately one transcript/cell). As described in Materials and methods, statistically significantly ( P ? 0.05) differentially expressed transcripts were determined and separated into tumour (T) over normal luminal (L) or vice verse, depending on their fold change. aCorresponds to HTR clusters found in only one sample. 
Parameter Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) P (Cox). 
Multivariant proportional-hazard analysis. 
The tissue microarray cohort was analysed using the Cox proportional hazards model for disease-free survival (italic) and overall survival (bold). Only those statistically significant independent prognostic factors as determined by the model are shown. LN, lymph node status at diagnosis. 
Donor Age Sex. 
Characteristics of healthy volunteers. 
Gene symbol Gene name Autoimmunity. 
Genes differentially expressed in human CD4+CD25+ regulatory vs CD4+CD25- naive T cells. 
aGenes that were additionally found to be induced upon retroviral over-expression of FOXP3 in CD4+CD25- T cells. ALPS, autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome; AS, atherosclerosis; CHA, autoimmune chronic active hepatitis; CIA, collagen-induced arthritis; COPD, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; EAE, experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis; EAT, experimental autoimmune thyroiditis; HIGM1, hyper-IgM immunodefiency syndrome type I; IPEX, immunodysregulation, polyendocrinopathy, and entheropathy, X-linked; JIA, juvenile idiopathic arthritis; IBD, inflammatory bowel disease; ITP, idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura; LAD-1, leukocyte adhesion deficiency-1; MC, Morbus Crohn; MS, multiple sclerosis; RA, rheumatoid arthritis; SCID, severe combined immunodefiency; SLE, systemic lupus erythematosus; T1D, type I diabetes; T2D, type II diabetes; UC, ulcerative colitis; XLP, X-linked lymphoproliferative syndrome. 
Gene Primers. 
Primer sequences used in real-time RT-PCR. 
RT-PCR, reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. 
Bacterial T3/4SS Effectors Interfering with Their Host's UPS. 
Bacterial F-Box–Containing Proteins. 
In-gel 1 In-gel 2 In-solution 1 In-solution 2. 
Experimental conditions and statistics on database searches of four individual experiments using a single urine sample. 
aApplied criteria are described in the Materials and methods section. 1D, one-dimensional; LC, liquid chromatography; MS, mass spectrometry. 
Pooled 1 Pooled 2 Pooled 3 Pooled 4 Pooled 5 Pooled 6 Pooled 7 Pooled 8 Pooled 9 Pooled 10. 
Experimental conditions and statistics on database searches of 10 slices of pooled urine sample. 
aApplied criteria are described in the Materials and methods section. 
Cluster GO group. 
Over-represented GO groups and promoter consensus sequences. 
Shown are over-represented GO [61,62] groups and promoter consensus sequences in the 13 clusters of growth regulated genes. GO groups describing a cellular process with P < 10-4 were considered significant and included in the table. If the same set of genes was found in two or more neighbouring GO groups, only one GO term is included [63]. Hexamers, found in the 800 base pair upstream region of ORFs in a cluster, were considered significantly over-represented when E < 10-2 [64,65]. GO, Gene Ontology; ORF, open reading frame. 
Patients enrolled  109 (100.0%). 
Patients were enrolled in accordance with the following eligibility criteria: histologically confirmed melanoma of the skin, mucosa, or unknown primary; stage III or IV disease; and at least one metastatic lesion accessible for a bioptic procedure. AJCC, American Joint Committee on Cancer; NM, nodular melanoma; SSM, superficial spreading melanoma; ALM, acrolentiginous melanoma; LMM, lentigo maligna melanoma; occult, melanoma of unknown primary; n.a., not available. 
Patient ID Age at biopsy (years) Gender Localization of primary Type of primary Stage at biopsy (AJCC) Biopsy origin B-Raf status in tissue biopsy N-Ras status in tissue biopsy Cell line established from biopsy B-Raf status in cell line N-Ras status in cell line Survival after biopsy (months). 
DNA was extracted from 97 tissue biopsies and 105 biopsy-derived cell lines from 109 metastatic melanoma patients, and screened for mutations in exons 11 and 15 of the B-RAF gene and exons 1 and 2 of the N-RAS gene. AJCC, American Joint Committee on Cancer; NM, nodular melanoma; SSM, superficial spreading melanoma; ALM, acrolentiginous melanoma; LMM, lentigo maligna melanoma; occult, melanoma of unknown primary; C/SQ, cutaneous or subcutaneous metastasis; LN, lymph node metastasis; wt, wildtype; n.a., not available; n.d., not done. 
Tissues Cell lines  97 (100.0%) 105 (100.0%). 
Tumor tissue biopsies and biopsy-derived cell lines from 109 metastatic melanoma patients were analysed for B-RAF and N-RAS mutations. For details see Figure 1 and Table 2 . *This cell line additionally carries the N-RAS Q61K mutation. 
all patients stage IV patients Variable Hazard ratio 95% CI P Hazard ratio 95% CI P. 
The prognostic impact of multiple variables was analysed using the multivariate proportional hazards regression of Cox. Overall survival was calculated beginning with the date of tumor biopsy. wt, wildtype; CI, confidence interval; n.a., not applicable. 
Clinical/Pathological Variable Chi-Square Value P-value. 
Association between high XIAP expression and other prognostic clinical and pathological variables. 
Gene Sense Antisense. 
Primer sequences used for RT-PCR, q PCR and ChIP. 
For the ChIP experiments the same primers were used for both PCR and qPCR except where noted. *Additional primers used for Fos qPCR after ChIP. CD, coding region; UTR, untranslated region. 
FRA-1 staining score* N(%) FRA-1 localization**   Histological type 0 1+ 2+ 3+ 4+ N C N/C. 
FRA-1 protein expression and localization in normal and neoplastic breast tissues by immunohistochemistry. 
*FRA-1 staining score was: 0, no. positive cells; +, positive cells; 1+, < 10% of positive cells; 2+, 11–50% of positive cells; 3+, 51–75% of positive cells; 4+, 76–100% positive cells. N, number of cases. 
**N=Nuclear, C = Cytoplasmic, N/C = nuclear and cytoplasmic staining. 
Cytological Diagnosis N° of positive cases/number of cases analysed by immunohistochemistry N° of positive cases/number of cases analysed by RT-PCR Histological Diagnosis. 
Analysis of FRA-1 protein expression in ductal breast FNABs. 
Author, published year (reference no.) Ethnicity No. of Cases /Controls Source of controls Frequency of A allele (p*) OR (95% CI)** Quality control of genotyping G/A G/G. 
Genetic polymorphisms in the NER pathway and lung cancer risk: XPA G23A polymorphism. 
* P for difference of allelic frequency between cases and controls. 
** Crude odds ratio and 95% confidence interval. 
† Based on random effects model. 
‡ P for heterogeneity (Cochran Q test). 
Author, published year (reference no.) Ethnicity No. of Cases /Controls Source of controls Frequency of T allele (p*) OR (95% CI)** Quality control of genotyping T/C C/C. 
Genetic polymorphisms in the NER pathway and lung cancer risk: ERCC1 T19007C polymorphism. 
* P for difference of allelic frequency between cases and controls. 
** Crude odds ratio and 95% confidence interval. 
† Based on random effects model. 
‡ P for heterogeneity (Cochran Q test). 
Author, published year (reference no.) Ethnicity No. of Cases /Controls Source of controls Frequency of Asp allele (p*) OR (95% CI)** Quality control of genotyping Asp/Asn Asn/Asn. 
Genetic polymorphisms in the NER pathway and lung cancer risk: ERCC2 Asp312Asn polymorphism. 
* P for difference of allelic frequency between cases and controls. 
** Crude odds ratio and 95% confidence interval. 
† Based on random effects model. 
‡ P for heterogeneity (Cochran Q test). 
Author, published year (reference no.) Ethnicity No. of Cases /Controls Source of controls Frequency of Lys allele (p*) OR (95% CI)** Quality control of genotyping Lys/Gln Gln/Gln. 
Genetic polymorphisms in the NER pathway and lung cancer risk: ERCC2 Lys751Gln polymorphism. 
* P for difference of allelic frequency between cases and controls. 
** Crude odds ratio and 95% confidence interval. 
‡ P for heterogeneity (Cochran Q test). 
Population-based cohort Case-control cohort. 
Clinicopathological characteristics and univariate analysis of ability to predict failure of tamoxifen therapy. 
a9/60 indicates that there were 9 treatment failures out of 60 patients with known values for the indicated clinical characteristic. bThe percentage of treatment failures for the indicated clinical characteristic. c P is given for log-rank (or log-rank trend) univariate analysis. Sensitivity tests conducted with missing values provided no evidence for selection bias. dClinical characteristic was not determined. eFor patients with AJCC stage 2a and 3a disease and patients less than 50 years old, the RFS is reported at 7 years. For patients with tumor stage 3 disease, the RFS is reported at 6 years. AJCC, American Joint Committee on Cancer; PR, progesterone receptor; RFS, relapse-free survival. 
Population cohort Case-control cohort Model HRa (95% CI) P b RRa (95% CI) P b. 
Multivariate analyses of ability of Shc proteins to predict failure of tamoxifen therapy. 
aHR (interquartile) is the RR of relapse comparing patients in the 75th percentile of PY-Shc and 25th percentile of p66 Shc to patients in the 25th percentile of PY-Shc and 75th percentile of p66 Shc. The multivariate Cox model containing PY-Shc and p66 Shc was adjusted for nodal status, AJCC (American Joint Committee on Cancer) stage (population-based cohort), tumor stage, tumor grade, progesterone receptor status, and patient age at diagnosis. bSignificance using Wald statistic. CI, confidence interval; HR, hazard ratio; PY-Shc, tyrosine-phosphorylated Shc; RR, relative risk. 
Gene therapy vectors. 
Class of genes Gen Bank Accession Number Reference. 
Endothelial cell genes (ECG) detected by SSHDD. BLAST searches revealed similarity to the accession # provided on the right most column. Genbank accession number in bold letter denotes complete cDNA sequence deposited by the authors. 
Genes (accession number)  Primers. 
Oligonucleotides used for generating PCR-probes. Genbank accession and their corresponding EST sequence numbers are given in parentheses. F and R denote forward and reverse primers. 
Intracellular Pathway Cell Cycle Effect References. 
GPCR-mediated activation of signalling pathways leading to cell cycle modulation. 
A selection of examples is presented that demonstrate the involvement of GPCR-mediated intracellular signalling pathways in the regulation of cell cycle progression. ?, indicates an increase in protein levels or activity; ?, indicates a decrease in protein levels or activity. 
Gene Accession no. Gene Product Fold change compared to control      2 h 8 h 24 h. 
Genes up-regulated by sepsis in the lung of the baboons at 2, 8 and 24 hr post E. coli challenge. 
Gene Accession no. Gene Product Fold change compared to control      2 h 6–8 h 24 h. 
Genes downregulated by sepsis in the lung of the baboons at 2, 8 and 24 hrs post E. coli challenge. 
GenBank ID Gene Primer pair sequences. 
Oligonucleotide sequences of the primers used for QRT-PCR. 
Abbreviations: F, forward; R, reverse. 
Gene Microarrays QRT-PCR Correlation coefficient  0 2 hr 8 hr 24 hr 0 2 hr 8 hr 24 h . 
Gene expression validation using QRT-PCR. 
SAGE Tags for Genes Encoding Known Virulence Factors or Virulence-Associated Functions. 
SAGE Tags for Genes Related to the Response to Stress. 
SAGE Tags for Genes Encoding Vesicle Trafficking Machinery, Transporters, and Proteins for Inositol Metabolism. 
SAGE Tags for Genes Related to Cell Wall, Cell Surface, and Extracellular Proteins. 
Summary of unexpected conclusions deduced from the BLV/sheep model. 
Cytogenetic band Size* NES† NOM p val‡ FDR q val§. 
Genomic regions with enriched gene expression changes. 
*Size: number of genes in the cytogenetic band represented by Affymetrix probesets. †NES: normalized (multiplicative rescaling) enrichment score. ‡NOM p val: nominal p value from the null distribution of the gene set. §FDR q val: false discovery rate q values (only false discovery rate < 0.25 have been included). 
D7mit101 D15mit229 D2mit490 D1mit181 Group Ch7, 60 cM Ch15, 22 cM Ch2, 65 cM Ch1, 43 cM. 
Summary of candidate genes by loci and expression change group. 
Gene Probeset Group Distance (cM) Fold change Function. 
High quality candidates for the D7mit101 -linked allele. 
ER, endoplasmic reticulum. GEF, guanine nucleotide exchange factor. 
Gene Probeset Group Distance (cM) Fold change Function. 
High quality candidates for D15mit229 -linked defective thymic deletion. 
LFA, Leukocyte function associated molecule. 
Gene Probeset Group Distance (cM) Fold change Function. 
High quality candidates for D2mit490 -linked defective thymic deletion. 
ER, endoplasmic reticulum. Fyn, fyn proto-oncogene. Grb, growth factor receptor binding protein. HEB, transcription factor 12. 
Gene Probeset Group Distance (cM) Fold change Function. 
High quality candidates for the defective thymic deletion allele linked to D1mit181. 
KO, knockout. 
Cellular Genes That Activated KSHV. 
Cell lines Smad4 status 1 Growth inhibition 2 by TGF? 1. 
SMAD4 status and TGF?1 response of selected tumor cell lines were: (1) confirmed by PCR sequencing (data not shown) and (2) by [3H] thymidine incorporation assays (data not shown). WT denotes wild type. 
Herbs ATP generation (% control) Herbs ATP generation (% control). 
Effect of Yang and Yin tonifying herbs on myocardial ATP generation capacity in mice ex vivo. 
Mice were pretreated with herbal extracts at daily doses of 1 g/kg for 3 days. The mean value of myocardial ATP generation capacity in unpretreated mice was 147 ± 17.6 (S.D.) nmol ATP/mg protein/10 min, (n = 6). * P < 0.05; ** P < 0.01, Student's t test. 
aDPPH radical scavenging IC50 (mg/ml) bImmunomodulatory index in vitro cImmunomodulatory index ex vivo. 
Antioxidant and immunomodulatory activities of Chinese tonifying herbs. 
aMethanol extracts of tonifying herbs were subjected to the DPPH assay. Values given are means ± S.D., (n = 3). (DPPH scavenging activity was regarded as negligible if the IC50 was > 5 mg/ml). 
bSplenocytes isolated from mice were cultured in 96-well microtiter plates in a final volume of 100 ?l of culture medium, with the respective methanol extracts added at final concentrations ranging from 15.6–1000 ?g/ml. Values given are means ± S.E.M., (n = 4). 
cAnimals were pretreated orally with the methanol extracts at a daily dose of 1 g/kg for 3 days. All animals were sacrificed 24 hours post-dosing. Splenocytes isolated from pretreated animals were cultured in microtiter plates in a final volume of 100 ?l culture medium. Values given are means ± S.E.M., (n = 3–5). 
* Significantly different from the control group ( P < 0.05). 
Pharmaceutical name (Chinese pinyin ) Plant part used Latin botanical name. 
Nomenclature and classification of selected Yang and Yin tonifying herbs *. 
*Adapted from Liang [17]. 
HERBS ANTIOXIDANT ACTIVITIES REFS. 
Antioxidant activities of Yang tonifying herbs. 
HERBS IMMUNOMODULATORY ACTIVITIES REFS. 
Immunomodulatory activities of Yin tonifying herbs. 
(Percent of optic lobes affected)       Incorrect Terminations 3rd instar larvae Thick LP Gaps in LP LP Peaked Long R7/8 Gaps in Med. Above LP Below LP In Med. 
* Tsc1 29, Pten dj189 , and Rheb 26.2 are eyFLP mosaics; all others are mutants. LP - lamina plexus; Med. - medulla; Rap - rapamycin. 
Metabolism Gene Symbol Unigene ID L L3. 
Development Gene Symbol Unigene ID L L3. 
Gene Product Unigene ID L L3. 
Characteristicsa Breast cancer ( n = 142) BBD ( n = 96) p. 
Demographic and selected breast cancer risk factors for patients with breast cancer and with BBD. 
BBD, benign breast disease. a Values are presented in means ± Standard Deviation (unless otherwise noted). bAmong postmenopausal women. 
Parameter Tumor tissue Adjacent tissue  No. of patients IGFBP3 mRNA level No. of patients IGFBP3 mRNA level. 
IGFBP3 mRNA levels for patients with breast cancer and with BBD. 
Results for IGFBP3 mRNA levels are shown as median (25th, 75th centile). BBD, benign breast disease; ER, estrogen receptor, IGFBP3 , gene encoding insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3; PR, progesterone receptor. aAdjusted for age and menopausal status. 
Status Disease Tumor tissue Adjacent tissue   No. of patients IGFBP3 mRNA level No. of patients IGFBP3 mRNA level. 
IGFBP3 mRNA levels for patients with breast cancer and with BBD, stratified by menopausal status. 
Results for IGFBP3 mRNA levels are shown as median (25th, 75th centile). BBD, benign breast disease; IGFBP3 , gene encoding insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3. aAdjusted for age. 
Patient group Number of pairs IGFBP3 mRNA expression level p a       Tumor tissue Adjacent tissue . 
Comparison of IGFBP3 mRNA between tumor tissues and tumor-adjacent tissues. 
Results for IGFBP3 mRNA levels are shown as median (25th, 75th centile). IGFBP3 , gene encoding insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3. a p from paired t test. 
Characteristic n Overall survival Disease-free survival   No. of events HR (95% CI) No. of events HR (95% CI). 
Association between IGFBP3 mRNA expression and breast cancer survival. 
CI, confidence interval; HR, hazard ratio; IGFBP3 , gene encoding insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3; TNM, tumor, node, metastasis. aAdjusted for age, stages, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and tamoxifen use. 
key Probe set id Gen Gen description Function/process/component (GO) 1. 
Probe sets selected by SAM analysis (section 2.4). 
Column 1 indicates probe set behaviour: D6, down-regulated at 6 h; D12, down-regulated at 12 h; U12, up-regulated at 12 h; U6, up-regulated at 6 h. Associated information was taken from NetAffx unless otherwise indicated. 
1GO-terms in italics were manually derived from database entries linked from NetAffx using the assistance of a data mining method [64]. 
Compound Conc. T286 dependent? a Cell line Proteasome inhibitor. 
Compounds known to induce cyclin D1 degradation in mammalian cell lines. 
a) T286 phosphorylation requirement, b) LLnL (ALLN, Calpain inhibitor 1, N-acetyl-leucyl-leucyl-norleucinal, MG101), c) Mirk/Dyrk 1b mediated T288 phosphorylation required, d) Lactacystin failed to abolish lovastatin induced cyclin D1 degradation, e) p38SAPK2 mediated T286 phosphorylation, f) PGJ2, ciglitazone and troglitazone are PPAR? agonists, g) ?2-TG is structurally related to troglitazone but lacks PPAR? agonist activity, h) TSA is a prototype HDAC inhibitor, i) partial requirement for GSK3? in TSA induced cyclin D1 degradation, j) NLVS (NIP-leu3-vinyl sulphone). 
No Diagnosis Grade 1 AC LN ER 3 PgR 3 HER-2 Bcl-2 E-CD. 
Clinical and histopathological characteristics of breast cancer patients involved in microarray analysis. 
1Tumors were graded using the Nottingham combined histologic grading system. 
2No gene amplification was detected by fluorescent in situ hybridization. 
3A complete H-score was calculated by summing the products of the percentage cells stained at a given staining intensity (0–100) and the staining intensity (0–3). 
AC, accompanying changes; DCIS, ductal carcinoma in situ ; E-CD, E-cadherin; ER, estrogen receptor; IDC, invasive ductal carcinoma, IDH, intraductal hyperplasia; ILC, invasive lobular carcinoma; LCIS, lobular carcinoma in situ ; LN, lymph node; PgR, progesterone receptor. 
Probe Set 1 Gene Symbol Gene Title Rank products Pairwise comparison        Fold-change Incr/Decr. 
Genes differentially expressed between normal lobular versus normal ductal cells by both rank products and pairwise analysis. 
? – upregulated in normal lobular cells; ? – downregulated in normal lobular cells. 
1Affymetrix probe set number; If there was more than one probe set for the particular gene found among top 20 changed genes (according to the fold change), the probe set with the highest fold change is used and number of other probe set is indicated. 
Probe Set 1 Gene Symbol Gene Title Fold-change        Tduc Tlob. 
Genes differentially expressed between tumor versus normal cells by both rank products and pairwise analysis. 
Tduc – ductal tumor; Tlob – lobular tumor; D – normal ductal cells; L – normal lobular cells; n – not differentially expressed among top 20 genes. 
1Affymetrix probe set number; If there was more than one probe set for the particular gene found among top 20 changed genes (according to the fold change), the probe set with the highest fold change is used and number of other probe set is indicated. 
Probe Set 1 Gene Symbol Gene Title Rank products Pairwise comparison        Fold-change Incr/Decr. 
Genes differentially expressed in lobular versus ductal invasive carcinomas by rank products and/or pairwise analysis. 
? – upregulated in lobular carcinoma; ? – downregulated in lobular carcinoma; n – gene not found by rank products at the level of 10% of false positives, Incr/decr – increase or decrease in lobular versus ductal carcinoma by pairwise comparison. 
1All 32 probe sets identified by combined pairwise comparison and rank products are included, also a number of genes found by pairwise comparison were validated by immunohistochemistry (DVL1, DDR1, EMP1), therefore, functional categories also include named genes identified by pairwise analysis. 
Features IDC ILC. 
Clinical and histopathological characteristics of TMA cases. 
ER, estrogen receptor; G1-3, grade 1–3; IDC, invasive ductal carcinoma; ILC, invasive lobular carcinoma; N0–1, lymph node status; PgR, progesterone receptor; TMA, tissue microarray. 
Antibodies Tumors Normal tissues (n = 22) Fisher's p value. 
Immunohistochemical staining of cytokeratins in tumor and normal tissues. 
Antibodies Ductal carcinomas (n = 80) Lobular carcinomas (n = 29) Fisher's p value. 
Immunohistochemistry differentiates ductal and lobular carcinomas. 
A.       . 
Treatment interactions between TAM-PS341 and TAM-PA in ER-positive breast cancer models. 
*p < 0.01 for comparison with MCF7; primary data as originally reported (11). 
Gene classification # of transcripts influenced under each treatment 1 Distribution of decreased/increased transcripts in the nhx1 mutant 2     All Control 12 h 48 h 1wk 2wk Down in nhx1 Up in nhx1. 
Functional distribution of the 147 gene transcripts influenced by both salinity and AtNHX1. 
1 three transcripts were specifically influenced by AtNHX1 under two treatments (At4g17120, At5g47490 – both unclassified, significantly affected by Control and 12 h treatments – and At3g54810 – DNA binding, significantly affected by 1wk and 2wk treatments). 
2 one transcript (At3g54810) was up-regulated in one treatment (1wk) and down regulated in a second treatment (2wk). 
P(f) a Treatment influenced by AtNHX1 b Transcripts intensity under the influenced treatment c      Accession Funtional Classes and Gene Descriptions L LxT  nhx1 d wild-type NHX1:: nhx1. 
Specific salt-responsive transcripts influenced by AtNHX1, organized by functional category. 
a *, ** and *** indicate significant F values for the plant line effect and line × treatment interaction at the 0.05, 0.01 and 0.001 levels, respectively. An additional 58 salt-responsive AtNHX1 influenced transcripts with unclear functional assignment are not presented and can be found in Additional File 1. 
b the specific treatment influenced by AtNHX1 for cases of significant interaction, or 'All' for cases where only the plant line effect was significant. 
c transcript intensity of the three plant lines for the treatment of interest, with the average expression value of all treatments used when only plant line effect was significant. 
d transcript intensity of the nhx1 line is in bold font for cases where the expression level is higher compared to the other lines, normal font signifies reduced expression. 
e At3g54810 is represented twice because it showed a significant influence of AtNHX1 at both one week and two weeks of salt treatment, with alternate relative levels of expression of the nhx1 line. 
NSC Number IC 50 897/898 clone 1 IC 50 897/898 clone 2 IC 50 897/898 clone 3 IC 50 D54/54E trial #1 IC 50 D54/54E trial #2 IC 50 D54/54E trial #3. 
IC50data for NSC-154829. 
p values represent IC50 comparisons between wild type and EGFRvIII + cells. Initial numbers represent the mean IC50 and 95% confidence intervals for wild type cells (either 897 or D54), the latter the mean IC50 and 95% confidence intervals for EGFRvIII + cells (either 898 or D54E). Each individual experiment was performed in sextuplicate. 
SAMD9 SAMD9L. 
Summary of orthologous genes of SAMD9 and SAMD9L in multiple species. 
a There is no match in protein or nucleotide database. b There is best reciprocal nucleotide match found in genomic sequence. 
Gene Name Fold regulation in microarray Primer sequences. 
List of genes selected for validation by real-time RT-PCR. 
The genes were selected based on any or both of the following criteria. 1. Genes that showed differential regulation between cell-lines and show maximum regulation in at least one of the cell-lines, 2. Genes that showed regulation in the array and are known as TGF-? regulated genes in other studies. The primer sequences are shown 5' to 3' and F and R denote forward and reverse primers respectively. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (36) in A549 involved in regulation of actin cytoskeleton. 
For description see legend of table 5. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (23) in A549 involved in Wnt signalling. 
For description see legend of table 5. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (17) in HPL1D involved in regulation of actin cytoskeleton. 
The list in the table shows the regulated genes as revealed by the DAVID tool. The columns show Genbank accession no., gene name, and fold change with respect to untreated controls at 1 hr, 4 hr and 12 hr time points following TGF-? treatment respectively. The regulation shown against each gene is depicted as fold change ± S.E. with respect to untreated cells. Each experimental value of the duplicates of the respective genes is shown in tables S1 and S3 (see additional file 1 and 3 ). The number in the parenthesis of the title represents the number of genes in the table. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (19) in HPL1D involved in focal adhesion. 
For description see legend of table 2. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (15) in HPL1D involved in wnt signaling. 
For description see legend of table 2. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (38) in A549 involved in MAP kinase signalling. 
The list in the table shows the regulated genes as revealed by the DAVID tool. The columns show Genbank accession no., gene name, and fold change with respect to untreated controls at 1 hr, 4 hr and 12 hr time points following TGF-? treatment respectively. The regulation shown against each gene is depicted as fold change ± S.E. with respect to untreated cells. Each experimental value of the duplicates of respective genes is shown in tables S1 and S2 (see additional files 1 and 2 ). The number in the parenthesis of the title represents the number of genes in the table. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (21) in A549 involved in tight junction. 
For description see legend of table 5. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (21) in A549 involved in adherans junction. 
For description see legend of table 5. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (36) in A549 involved in focal adhesion. 
For description see legend of table 5. 
Acc No DAVID Gene Name 1 hr 4 hr 12 hr. 
TGF-? regulated genes (26) in A549 involved in insulin signalling. 
For description see legend of table 5. 
Homology of Predicted WU Proteins. 
Patients Positive for WU Virus. 
Protein name Accession No. Total Ion Score C.I. % Averaged ICAT ratio*(H/L). 
List of proteins showing significantly altered expression in Neuro-2a-Ng cells. 
*H/L represents the abundance ratio between heavy isotope (13C) labeled proteins (Neuro-2a-Ng) and light isotope (12C) labeled proteins (Neuro-2a control). The averaged ICAT ratios equal to or higher than 1.5 (up-regulated expression) or, alternatively, equal to or lower than 0.7 (down-regulated expression) represent a significant change in protein expression in Neuro-2a-Ng cells relative to control cells. 
Gene Promoter motifs Pathway Promoter sequence Ref. 
Synopsis of the predicted TGF-? and GR response elements in PAI-1 and CTGF promoter sequences. 
Besides the transcriptional activation of gene expression through potentially response elements of single transcription factors, and apart from a cell-type specific composition of those transcription factors, a superior regulation is conceivable, e.g . a diversity in methylation sites or the condensation status of the chromatin. GTCTAGAC: TGF-?-Smad3/4 consensus sequence; GGTACANNNTGTTCT: GR consensus sequence; r: rat; h: human; m: mouse. 
Strain a Tissue b Parasite exposure c No. sequences obtained % redundancy No. NR sequences % Unique (and non-ribo) Library name. 
Biomphalaria glabrata ORESTES libraries. The number of non-redundant (NR) sequences was determined after cluster and Blast analyses to remove duplicate and ribosomal sequences from within each library. 
NHM Strain: 3017—resistant snails, 1742, 3032 (BB02)—susceptible snails. 
Tissue type: HF—head/foot, OT—ovotestis, HO—haemopoietic organ, HAEM—haemocytes, B—brain. 
Snails exposed (EX) or unexposed (UN) to S. mansoni miracidia. 
All sequences Non-redundant sequences Category No. sequences % sequences No. sequences % sequences. 
Blast results summary. Breakdown of the types of sequences obtained from the B. glabrata ORESTES libraries identified with Blast searches of GenBank. 
Name GenBank accession Gene ID (Blast result) a Organism a Blast score a. 
Transcripts selected by gene ontology. Individual B. glabrata ESTs that identified antioxidant proteins, signal transducers, transcription regulators and immune or stress response proteins. 
GenBank accession number, organism and E value given for the top match. 
KEGG categories represented Enzymes a Clones b. 
KEGG pathways identified by B. glabrata ESTs. 
Enzymes—the number of enzymes from each pathway that were identified. 
Clones—the number of ORESTES clones that identified enzymes. 
Pathways represented Total possible Enzymes identified No. EST clones. 
Summary of KEGG pathways identified by B. glabrata ESTs. 
Protein Identified Accession # Mr/D pl Magnitutde of expression change 0.96 hr CV% Protein score            0.24 hr 0.24 hr CV% 24.96 24.96 hr CV% 0.96  . 
Increased protein expression profiles. 
* significant change compared with untreated controls (p < 0.05; or greater than 1.7 fold increase). 
Protein score – A "score" based on the frequency of a fragment molecular weight found in a protein of a given range of molecular weight. For every database entry scanned, all matching fragments contribute to the final score. 
Protein C.I.% – Confidence interval that the program assigns to the peptide matches to protein. >95% score was considered statistically significant. 
Protein Identified Accession # Mr/D pl Magnitude of expression change 0.96 hr CV% Protein score protein C.I.%             0.24 hr 0.24 hr CV% 24.96 24.96 hr CV% 0.96   . 
Reduced protein expression profiles. 
* significant change compared with untreated controls (p < 0.05; or greater than 1.7 fold increase). 
Protein score – A "score" based on the frequency of a fragment molecular weight found in a protein of a given range of molecular weight. For every database entry scanned, all matching fragments contribute to the final score. 
Protein C.I.% – Confidence interval that the program assigns to the peptide matches to protein. >95% score was considered statistically significant. 
Class 1. 
Characterization of class1 and 2 mutants with altered numbers of intestinal nuclei. 
1 Complementation tests indicates that rr42 and rr43 are allelic. 
Genotype Number of intestinal nuclei ± S.D. (N). 
cki-1 and lin-35 control progression through two different intestinal cell cycle programs during C. elegans development. 
Variable cases (%). 
Demographic and clinical profile of 122 NSCLC patients. 
*: standard deviation. 
DAPK RASSF1A     OR (95% CI) p OR (95% CI) p. 
Logistic regression models of DAPK and RASSF1A promoter methylation (n = 122). 
OR: odds ratio; CI: confidence interval. 
†: the group of other tumor types vs. adenocarcinoma. 
‡: the group of other stages vs. stage I. 
Clone Ct ratio (cystatin C/actin). 
Deficiency/mutant Cytology P value. 
Deficiencies and mutants that behave as genetic repressors of dmyc. 
P values were computed using a chi-square test statistic. The asterisk refers to the combination of Pc 3 and dmyc BG 00605, rather than dmyc BG 02383. 
List Number of genes. 
Numbers of genes responding to ectopic Myc, ash1 RNAi ( ash1 -), ( pho -), Pc RNAi ( Pc -), and Myc combined with each. 
See Methods for list generation. 
Myc activated Myc repressed up ash1- down ash1- up pho- down pho- up Pc- down Pc- up Myc ash1 down Myc ash1- up Myc pho- down Myc pho up Myc Pc- down Myc Pc-. 
Gene list matrix. 
Genes in each list are shown for their membership in every other list. 
Time [min] Differentially expressed genes    Upregulated Downregulated Sum. 
Number of differentially expressed Dictyostelium genes during the two hour time course of sorbitol treatment. 
DDB ID Annotation Differential regulation      T0 T15 T30 T45 T60 T90 T120. 
Selection of early differentially expressed genes with unambiguous annotation. 
SrfA: S erum R esponse F actor A; ABC transporter: A TP- B inding C assette transporter; FcpA: Transcription factor II F (TFIIF)-associating C TD p hosphatase; bold: up-regulated; italic: down-regulated. 
Comparison Experiment Control Independent cultures Microarrays. 
Osmotic stress experiments with wt, STATc ko and RIC cells. 
wt: AX2 wild type cells; ko: knock-out; RIC: random integrant cells; + : treated; - : untreated. 
No. %. 
Mendelian distribution of PlexinB1 deficient mice in offsprings. 
The genotyping of littermates born from heterozygous × heterozygous breeding pairs showed the expected mendelian ratio. 
UREA SD CREA SD GOT SD GPT SD    mg/dl  mg/dl  U/l  U/l . 
Blood tests. 
CREA: creatinine. 
GOT: glutamic oxalacetic transaminase. 
GPT: glutamic piruvic transaminase. 
GGT: gamma-Glutamil-Transferase. 
ALP: alkaline phosphatase. 
FIB: fibrinogen. 
TP: total protein. 
Chromatin Structure Nuclear Architecture DNA Repair Apoptosis Cell Cycle Control. 
Highly represented Gene Ontology categories as identified by manual curation of databases such as NetAFFX, GeneCards, Ensembl, Stanford Source , and Bioinformatics Harvester and PubMed. Representative genes in each category are provided. Positively correlated genes are displayed in normal font. Negatively correlated genes are displayed in bold italics. 
Gene Symbol Campbell et al. Loh et al. [12] Boyer et al. [11] Ivanova et al. [26] Matoba et al. [27]  ChIP-PCR in mESC ChIP-PET in mESC ChIP-ChIP in hESC Perturbed expression following Oct4 shRNA Perturbed Expression following manipulation of Oct4 expression (up or down). 
Comparison of validated Oct4 targets to previous studies employing ChIP-Pet, ChIP-ChIP and expression analysis following Oct4 knockdown or overexpression. Discordant findings in the ChIP based approaches may be explained by the use of promoter based chips or stringency of analysis. Although shRNA knockdown of Oct4 reveals few genes that are predicted to be bona fide Oct4 targets that are identified in common, comparison to the dataset in Matoba et el. [27] reveals that expression of most of the targets identified in this study are in fact perturbed upon up or downregulation of Oct4. Discordant findings between this study and Matoba et al. may be impacted by the temporal nature of Oct4 regulation of these target genes as has been described previously for the Rest regulon (Sun et al. [34] ). 
Endogenous angiogenic polypeptides. 
Oncogene Growth factors or cytokine levels a. 
Cancer-associated genes implicated in angiogenesis. 
See Table I for full names of these polypeptides. 
? = increased level; ? = decreased level. 
Natural health products with potential direct and indirect anti-angiogenic activity a. 
Data derived from in vitro and in vivo studies cited in text. 
Natural health products that inhibit cyclo-oxygenase-2 activity 64. 
Herbs and their derivatives that specifically inhibit vascular endothelial growth factor and have direct activity against angiogenesis a. 
Data derived from in vitro and in vivo studies cited in text. 
% Inhibition Name Part used cam baec. 
Anti-angiogenesis activity of Chinese medicinal herbal extracts (exhibiting more than 20% inhibition at 0.2g herb/mL) 62. 
cam = chick embryo chorioallantoic membrane assay; baec = bovine aortic endothelial cell culture assay. 
Polycythaemia Vera Essential Thrombocythaemia Idiopathic Myelofibrosis. 
Diagnostic criteria for common myeloproliferative disorders. 
Investigators         Disorder Green 17 Vainchenker 14 Gilliland 16 Skoda 15 Tefferi 24 Cross 22 Zhao 25 Jelinek 23. 
Some reported incidences of JAK2 V61F mutation in myeloproliferative disorders. 
KEY TO ABBREVIATIONS. 
PV: polycythemia vera, ET: essential thrombocythemia, IMF: idiopathic myelofibrosis, SM: systmemic mastocytosis, CNL: chronic neutrophilic leukemia, HES: hypereosinophilic syndrome, UN: unclassified MPD, MDS: myelodysplastic syndrome, CMML: chronic myelomonocytic leukemia. 
ACCESSION NUMBER PROTEIN ID MOWSE SCORE NOMINAL MASS. 
Protein Identification by Nano-LC IonTrap MS/MS. 
Protein accession number, identity, MOWSE score and predicted mass (Da) are shown. 
Cell types Colony numbers a % Tumor incidence (n) b. 
Summary of soft agar colony formation assay and xenograft propagation experiment: NHA and NIH3T3 cells infected with retroviral vectors expressing hTERT (T), SV40ER (S), H-RasV12 (R), myrAKT (A), and/or MGMT as well as parental NHA cells were subjected to the soft-agar colony formation and xenograft propagation assays. 
aNHA (2 × 104) and NIH3T3 cells (1 × 104) were plated in soft-agar (0.36% top agar containing 5% fetal calf serum in 60-mm dishes) and incubated for 21 days and 14 days, respectively. Colonies were stained with 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide, and the numbers of stained colonies were counted. Results represent mean ± SD from two independent triplicate experiments. 
b3 × 106 cells were injected s.c. into nude mice. n , number of animals treated. ND, not done. 
ID Age Gender Diagnosis Ki-67 (%) a p53 mutations b p53 staining c. 
Diagnosis and p53 status of human gliomas: The index of Ki-67 staining and p53 status (mutation and immunopositivity) are listed with patient ID, age at surgery, gender (F, female; M, male), and clinical diagnosis (GBM, glioblastoma, WHO grade IV; AA, anaplastic astrocytoma, WHO grade III, AE anaplastic ependymoma, WHO grade III). Images of H&E staining and immunohistochemistry are shown [see additional file 1 ]. 
aMIB-1 labeling index (by anti-Ki-67 antibody) was analyzed using the MetaMorphV7.0 software (Molecular Cevices, Downingtown, PA, USA), by counting 500–2,000 nuclei per case. 
bp53 cDNA was amplified by RT-PCR and the products were directly sequenced. N, no mutation was detected. 
cStaining intensity was classified into four categories: +++, strong; ++, moderate; +, weak; -, negative. 
Affymetrix probe AGI Annotation Membership value. 
Selected common stress response genes. 
Included are genes from the common stress response cluster N12. Membership indicates the probe membership value associated with centroid N12. Asterisks identify genes that are significantly regulated in all but one treatment condition (see results). 
Motif Cluster No. Distribution P value     Name Sequence  Genome Cluster . 
Promoter motifs in different clusters. 
Motifs are according to the PLACE database [14]. *Motifs identified from a study in mammalian systems [89]. R, A or G; W, A or T; S, C or G; K, G or T; Y, C or T; n, any nucleotide. 
Cluster (analysis of different stress conditions; N0 to N19)      0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19. 
Intersection between tissue-specific expression and stress responses. 
Shown are numbers of genes at intersections between clusters of tissue-specific expression patterns (T0 to T18) in roots and clusters emerging from the analysis of stress treatments (N0 to N19). *Gene-enriched intersections. 
GO term ID GO term description P value. 
Cellular functions associated with genes significantly regulated by Ad5 infection. 
Ad5, adenovirus type 5; GO, Gene Ontology. 
Statistics for the ensemble of structures of the murine DLC2 SAM domain a. 
a Ensemble of the top 20 structures with lowest overall energy and number of restraint violations. 
b Predicted from chemical shifts using the PREDITOR web server. 
c RMSD values for residues 58–69, 73–81, 88–94, 103–117. 
d Determined with PROCHECK-NMR for 10 lowest-energy structures. 
Interhelical angles of selected four-helix bundles and SAM domains a. 
a Calculated with the program INTERHLX. 
b Protein Data Bank accession number. 
c To facilitate a comparison with five-helix SAM domains, the helix order of 2JMT, 1FLX and 1P68 is defined as H1-H2-H4-H5. 
d Average angles are calculated only for the five-helix SAM domains. 
e Standard deviations are calculated only for the five-helix SAM domains. 
High-confidence Rsp5 substrate (unbiquitination) data set. 
High-confidence Rsp5 substrate data set. The top 40 proteins and their PY motifs identified as Rsp5 substrates using the protein microarray are listed. A blue color in the column labeled ‘Western' indicates proteins that were ubiquitinated in a Western blot. Proteins identified by protein microarray as interacting partners of Rsp5 in this study are shaded in blue in the column labeled ‘Binding'. Boxes shaded in blue in the column labeled ‘Hesselberth' indicate that the protein was identified in the microarray screen by Hesselberth and co-workers as an Rsp5 binding partner. The column labeled ‘Known substrates' contains proteins that were previously described as Rsp5 substrates. 
High-confidence Rsp5 interaction data set. 
High-confidence Rsp5 interaction data set. The top 40 proteins and their PY motifs identified as Rsp5 interacting partners using the protein microarray are listed. The columns are the same as in Table I , except the column labeled ‘Ubiquitin'd' contains proteins that were identified in both ubiquitination and binding protein microarray assays. 
Protein Accession number a T14-Y15-T161 PSTAIRE box sequence b (no. of substitutions) N-terminal extension? C-terminal extension? Insertions in kinase domain?. 
Features of T. brucei CRKs. 
The amino acid sequences of the T. brucei CRKs are compared to human CDK1. 
Accession numbers are given for GeneDB ( www.genedb.org ). 
The PSTAIRE box sequence in human CDK1 is EGVPSTAIREISLLKE. 
Cyclin Alternative name Accession no. a Functional class Functional data available?. 
Classification of T. brucei cyclins. 
Accession numbers are given for GeneDB ( www.genedb.org ). 
AX2 gxcDD-. 
Analysis of cell motility in gxcDD - gells. 
Time lapse image series were captured at 30 s intervals. The DIAS software was used to trace individual cells along the image series and calculate motility parameters. 
Annotation Fold change (log base 2) Gene symbol Description. 
Genes downregulated in SMAR1 stable clone as compared to control B16F1. 
Annotation Fold change (log base 2) Gene symbol Description. 
Genes upregulated in SMAR1 stable clone as compared to control B16F1. 
Methylation P value OR (95%CI)      Yes No  . 
Association of RASSF1A gene methylation with demographics and clinicopathological features of primary gastric cancer (n = 54). 
Functional Group Official_set_ID Scaffold_ID Gene_name Flybase_ID M Pfam description. 
DEGs clustered by their functional similarities based on GO annotation of D. melanogaster homologs and protein motifs described in Pfam database. 
M = log2 of the gene expression differences between developing queen and worker samples (based on microarray experiments). W = worker, Q = queen. 
Caste DEG L4 Official_set_ID Scaffold_ID Gene_name Flybase_ID M. 
Top10 most DEGs in L4 developmental stage of queens and workers ranked by their M values. 
M = log2 of the gene expression differences between developing queen and worker samples (based on microarray experiments). (-) up-regulated in workers. n.d.: not determined. 
Functional groups Motif_name Motif_consensus MAP Church ROC_AUC MNCP. 
Overrepresented motifs found in three functional groups and in the top10 DEGs of worker L4. 
* P < 0.05; ** P < 0.01 for the four metrics. 
Library #Total PETs #uPETs #Mappable (% over uPETs) # PET1 #Known gene-asso. PET1 (% over PET1) #Pathway-asso. PET1 (% over PET1) (% over known gene-asso. PET1). 
Library statistics. 
uPETs, PETs having unique sequences. Mappable ratio is the percentage of unique PETs that have one or more target locations in the genome. PET1 ratio refers to the percentage of mappable PETs that have unique targets in the genome. Pathway-asso. PET1 is the percentage of PET1 ditags that can be assigned to KEGG pathways. 
Library Gene B16F1 melanoma cells Melan-a2 melanocytes E14 Stem Cell E17.5 embryo Descriptions     PET counts (cpm) . 
Expression levels of melanin biosynthesis genes. 
Pathway ID Description KEGG Category/Description* # genes # up-regulated genes # down-regulated genes p-value. 
The most significantly altered pathways in melanoma cells. 
Pathways with p-values around 0.010 or lower are listed. The most significantly altered pathways (p ? 0.005) after being validated with manual curation are shown in bold. 
PET counts (cpm)      Substrates/Products Products/Substrates Enzyme Gene name Melan-a2 melanocytes B16F1 melanoma cells. 
Expression levels of galactose-glucose interconversion pathway genes. 
Enzymes of galactose-glucose interconversion pathway were extracted from KEGG galactose metabolism pathway. 
PET counts (cpm)   Library PKA PKB (Akt) PKC Ras Raf Mek1 Mek2 Erk              H-ras K-ras M-ras N-ras R-ras    . 
Transcription levels of RAS-MAPK pathway genes. 
Expression levels of the major components of RAS-MAPK pathway are listed along with that of PKA, PKB, and PKC, which are also KEGG MAPK pathway components. 
PET counts (cpm) A:B ratio    Protein Gene isoforms Melan-a2 melanocytes (A) B16F1 melanoma cells (B) . 
Transcription levels of TSS/PAS variants of cell adhesion-related proteins. 
'S', starting exon; 'E', ending-exon; 'T', total number of exons. *Hyphen (-), matching to intron region. 
Category 1 (A) 2 (B) 3 (C) 4 (AB) 5 (AC) 6 (BC) 7 (ABC) Total genes Total transcripts. 
Differential gene expression between B16F1 melanoma cells and Melan-a2 melanocytes. 
Known genes expressed in Melan-a2 melanocytes and B16F1 melanoma cells are split into 7 categories based on the combination of their transcript types. Transcripts can be Melan-a2-specific (A), B16F1-specific (B), or common to both (C); the 7 categories represent all possible combinations. For example, each gene in category 1 expresses one or more transcript solely in melanocytes; each gene in category 4 expresses in both cell types but has no cross-library overlap in transcript type; and so on. 'tsc', transcript(s). 
SLCs Solute(s) #A-s tsc A-s cpm #A/B -c tsc A-c cpm B-c cpm #B-s tsc B-s cpm (A-s + A-c) cpm (B-s + B-c) cpm B – A cpm. 
Transcriptional alterations of solute carriers (SLCs). 
'A', Melan-a2 melanocytes; 'B', B16F1 melanoma cells; A/B, for both A and B; '#', number of transcripts; 's', specific; 'c', common; 'tsc', transcript; 'cpm', PET counts per million; upper panel, common; central panel, melanoma-specific; lower panel, melanocyte-specific; SLCs with PET counts less than 20 cpm for both libraries were excluded. 
Gene symbol Protein name Synonyms Gene accession number Location (chromosome) Protein accession number. 
Human integrin subunits. 
Integrins Ligands. 
Ligand-binding specificities of human integrins. 
References are included for recently discovered ligands only. Abbreviations: ADAM, a disintegrin and metalloprotease; BSP, bone sialic protein; CCN3, an extracellular matrix protein; COMP, cartilage oligomeric matrix protein; Cyr61, cysteine-rich protein 61; L1, CD171; LAP-TGF-?, TGF-? latency-associated peptide; iC3b, inactivated complement component 3; PECAM-1, platelet and endothelial cell adhesion molecule 1; uPA, urokinase; uPAR, urokinase receptor; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; vWF, von Willebrand Factor. 
Integrin subunit Viability Fertility Phenotype Reference. 
Phenotypes of deletions of integrin subunits in the mouse. 
Pathway TFs Significant TFs P value. 
Significant pathways for oncogenic gene signatures. 
Pathway TFs Significant TFs P value. 
Significant pathways for TGF-? gene signatures. 
Pathway TFs Significant TFs P value. 
Significant pathways for the breast cancer prognosis gene signature. 
Age 5 Age 11 Age 20     Igs Pt86 Norm. Range Pt86 Norm. Range Pt86 Norm. Range. 
Serum immunoglobulin levels of patient 86. 
* All values are in mg/dL. 
** The normal values are means within 95% confidence limits. 
Percent of lymphoid cells (absolute numbers/mm3)    Pt Sib1 Sib2 Mother Father Controls**. 
Lymphocyte subpopulations in members of family 86. 
*DNT: Double-negative CD4- CD8- T cells, either TCR??+ or TCR??+. 
** 95% confidence intervals for adult normals. 
GI* Name in Paper † Proposed Name* Alias ‡ Clade/Species § Group ¶ G || C**. 
Septin and septin-like sequences analyzed. 
* Genbank identification numbers. 
† The first three letters represent genus and species names. The last letters represent current septin protein name. 
* Proposed names based on first- or best-characterized septin in each clade. 
‡ Alias designations from Genbank and [27, 28]. 
§ A represents animals; F represents fungi; M represents microsporidia. 
¶ Group names are assigned according to phylogenetic analysis shown in Figure 2. tr, truncated; slk, septin-like. 
|| Presence of full length GTP_CDC detected by the SMART program. 
** Predicted coiled-coil at C terminus. 
a. Established Motifs and Extensions. 
Conserved motifs and single residues in septins. 
Gene Polymorphism 1 Chromosome Position 2 Region Base change Amino acid change. 
SNPs in potentially functional gene regions included in the present study. 
1Polymorphism names are taken from the dbSNP website, [47]. 
2From map NCBI 35. 
Gene Chromosome Size (kb) No. of analysable SNPs No. of SNPs with p < 0.10 1 No. of SNPs with p < 0.05 1. 
Polymorphism in genes in the families NRG and ErbB investigated in this study. 
1 Either genotypic test or allelic test of association. 
NRG1 NRG2 NRG3 EGFR ERBB2 ERBB4. 
Percentages of pair-wise interactions that were significant ( P < 0.05), classified by the gene(s) in which the interacting SNPs lie. Gene combinations in which there are substantially more significant interactions than the 5% expected by chance are indicated in bold. The counts that contribute to each percentage are also shown in parentheses as a fraction. The presence of "-" in the table indicates that no pairs of SNPs in this gene are 0.5 cM apart. 
SNP miRNA target Count in dbSNP Count in cancers MAF (ctrl) MAF (case) Odds ratio [95% CI] P -value          Gene name Gene ID Major allele Minor allele Major allele Minor allele. 
MiRNA-binding SNPs with an aberrant SNP allele frequency in human tumor tissues. 
*Fisher's exact test was used to calculate the P -values based on the minor allele frequencies found in the human tumor specimens against the total Caucasian subjects present in the dbSNP database. Minor allele frequencies (MAF) and odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) are shown for each SNP except rs1128665 and rs17197469, the counts of the minor alleles of which are zero. 
aThe minor allele of rs1044129 is ‘A’ and the major allele is ‘G’ in the dbSNP database, but ‘G’ is the minor allele and ‘A’ is the major allele in the cancer samples. The minor allele frequency (MAF) shown in the table for this SNP is the frequency of ‘A’ in dbSNP and the frequency of ‘G’ in the cancer population. The frequency of ‘A’, which is 0.32 in the dbSNP database and 0.55 in the cancer population, was used to calculate odds ratio. 
Agent Characteristics. 
Therapeutic approaches to targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epithelial growth factor receptor; IgG, immunogloblin; Mab, monoclonal antibody;TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor. 
Toxicity Gemcitabine plus erlotinib (%) n=282 Gemcitabine plus placebo (%) n=280  Any Grade 3/4 Any Grade 3/4. 
Toxicities associated with the combination of erlotinib and gemcitabine in the NCIC Phase III study. 
Abbreviations: NCIC, National Cancer Institute of Canada. 
SMAD4 CK19 CA19-9. 
SMAD4, CK 19 and CA 19-9 in pancreatic tumor cell immunoreactivity is highlighted in this table. 
SMAD4 CK19 CA19-9. 
SMAD4, CK 19 and CA 19-9 immunoreactivity in non-pancreatic adenocarcinoma is highlighted in this table. 
Pathological and clinical characterization of tumor group. 
Clinical course of untreated CML 3 , 5 . 
Proteins that cooperate with Ets1. 
Ets1 interacting proteins. 
tumor of cancer type tumoral expression stromal(S) / vascular (V) expression comments reference. 
Ets1 expression in tumors. 
TMD = tumor microvessel density, LNM = lymph node metastasis, DCIS = ductal carcinoma in situ , LCIS = lobular carcinoma in situ. 
Summary of Crystallographic Analysis of the PP2A A?-SV40 Small t Antigen Complex. 
Other Names. 
The CCN family of proteins. 
Genus Type Species Serotypes. 
Classification within the Picornaviridae. 
Clusters Serotypes Receptors. 
Classification within the Enterovirus Genus. 
Higher-order Classification Lineage Name Secondary Structural Features Common to the ?-GF Fold1      S1 L1 S2 L2 H L3/LS S3 L4 S4 L5/CA S5 tail notes. 
Secondary structure features of major ?-GF structural categories. 
1. S: Strand, L: Loop, H: Helix, LS: Lateral Shelf, CA: Connector Arm, O: absence of given feature, --: presence of a loop feature, *: presence of LS or CA, h: insert in helical conformation, e: insert in extended conformation (strand-like), cc: long coil insert. 
2. OR: oxidoreductase. 
3. Versions form barrel through insertion of strands at the lateral shelf. 
4. Barrel is less pronounced in this version, strands are inserted more upstream relative to the other 3 versions. 
5. Two small helices are present in ascending arm. 
6. Single helix found at ascending arm in several members. 
7. Circular permutation results in new connections between strands; the S1 strand is found at C-terminus (See Figures 1, 2). 
8. Additional strand at tail inserted between S1 and S5; lateral shelf forms strand that also stacks with central sheet. 
Interaction partner Hes/Hey protein Interacting Hes/Hey domain Method Comments References. 
Summary of protein-protein interactions of Hes (A) and Hey (B) proteins. 
Abbreviations: H1, helix 1; IP, co-immunoprecipitation, IP*; co-immunoprecipitation with endogenous proteins; GST, GST pull-down assay; M2H, mammalian two-hybrid assay; Or, Orange domain; Y2H, yeast two-hybrid assay. 
Genotype Average no. IOC. 
Average Number of IOCs. 
Table 1 shows the average number of IOCs for the genotypes indicated. Examples of adult and pupal eyes from these genotypes are shown in Fig. 2. 
Plasmid Colony Color. 
Bacterial Assay for the Deubiquitinating Activity of Echinus. 
Table 2. Echinus ec-SF1 lacks deubiquitinating activity on a model substrate in bacteria. Ubiquitin-Arg-?-Gal has a long half-life, and colonies expressing this protein alone are therefore blue in the presence of X-gal substrate. Expression of S. cerevisiae Ubp2 with Arg-?-Gal results in cleavage of ubiquitin, exposing the N-terminus of Arg-?-Gal, which has a short half-life (white colonies). In contrast, expression of ec-SF1 or ec-SF2 does not result in significant cleave Ub-Arg-?-Gal (blue colony color). 
Gene Symbol Gene name Folds Change Functional Category. 
?=?Hypoxia non-responsive, but shows decreased expression by H19 knockdown under hypoxic conditions. 
Gene Symbol Gene name Folds Change Functional Category. 
?=?Hypoxia non-responsive, but shows decreased expression by H19 knockdown under hypoxic conditions. 
Median fold change (Range) Gene ontogeny Gene symbols Spotted Affymetrix. 
Resting NK signature derived from Affymetrix and spotted microarray platform. 
Resting NK signature of genes showing 2 fold higher expression levels on two microarray platforms. A common set of 164 genes were more than 2 fold higher expressed in resting NK cells compared to 1) the lymphoid RNA standard, tonsillar cells and resting CD8+ T cells on spotted microarrays and 2) the lymphoid RNA standard, universal RNA standard (Stratagene Inc, CA) and resting CD8+ T cells on GeneChipU133plus 2® (Affymetrix Inc, CA). 
Method Symbol Oligonucleotide. 
Antibody Source Working dilution. 
UniGene ID Gene Name Description SAM Score(d) Referance (a) p53 binding motifs (b). 
List of p53 responsive genes (n = 37). 26 genes were up-regulated and 11 genes were down-regulated in the TGCT cells following cisplatin exposure. 
a) Predicted and known p53 target genes based on following references (1) Zhao et al. (2005) [38] , (2) Wei et al. (2006) [80] , (3) Kerley-Hamilton et al. (2005) [35] and (4) Barenco et al. (2006) [81] ). b) These genes have a consensus p53-responsive element (MA0106) upstream of their predicted transcriptional start site according to the JASPAR database [39,40]. * NEO1, LATS2 and ESR1 are the only target genes common for both p53 and hsa- mir-372 and 373 . 
UniGene ID Gene Name Description SAM score(d). 
List of SAM-identified genes (n = 40) predicted as target for hsa-mir-372 and 373. 
NEO1, LATS2 and ESR1 are the only target genes in common for both p53 and hsa-mir-372 and -373. 
UniGene ID Gene Name Description SAM Score(d) Function. 
List of apoptosis-related genes (n = 24). 15 up-regulated and 9 down-regulated genes in TGCT cells following cisplatin exposure. 
UniGene ID Gene Name Description SAM Score(d). 
Terminal differentiation or senescence related genes (n = 29) induced in TGCT cells following cisplatin exposure. 
HDL Mimicked by ApoA-I Mimicked by lysosphingolipids Key references. 
HDL effects on the endothelium. 
Abbreviations are listed at the end of the paper. 
Signaling type Resulting effect Key references. 
The HDL-induced intracellular signaling. 
Abbreviations are listed at the end of the paper. 
Angiogenic factors Antiangiogenic factors. 
Endogenous angiogenic and antiangiogenic factors. 
Antiangiogenic mechanisms Examples. 
Classes of antiangiogenic agents. 
Abbreviations: PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Normal Diminished Expanded. 
Cancer syndrome Type of tumors Gene(s) Function Dominant mode of inheritance. 
Abbreviations: GAP - GTPase-activating protein; MSN - mut S homolog; MLH - mut L homolog; PMS - postmeiotic segregation; HGF - hepatocyte growth factor; BRCA - breast cancer associated; PTEN - phosphatase and tensin homolog. 
RMS Patients and immunostaining profiles. 
Primer Oligonucleotide sequence (5' – 3'). 
Oligonucleotide primers for RT-PCR amplifications. 
Cell Line Gefitinib (?M) Cetuximab (?g/mL) U0126 (uM) LY294002 (uM). 
Estimated IC50 doses of breast cell lines treated with EGFR, MEK, and PI3K inhibitors. 
72 h IC50 doses were calculated for the EGFR inhibitors gefitinib, cetuximab, the MEK1/2 inhibitor U0126, and the PI3K inhibitor LY294002. 
Note that the standard errors are presented within (). 
aNo achievable IC50 dose with doses up to 100 ?g/mL. 
Cell Line 5-Florouracil (uM) Doxorubicin (nM) Carboplatin (uM) Paclitaxel (nM). 
Estimated IC50 doses of breast cell lines treated with chemotherapeutics. 
Note that the standard errors are presented within (). 
Relapse Free Survival Overall Survival Variable Hazard Ratio (95% CI) p-value Hazard Ratio (95% CI) p-value. 
Multivariate Cox Proportional Hazards analysis of EGFR clusters with clinical parameters in NKI295 data set. 
Age was a continuous variable grouped in decade years, size was a binary variable (0 = < 2 cm, 1 = > 2 cm), tumor grade 2 and 3 are relative to grade 1, and node status (1–3 nodes or > 3 nodes) was relative to 0 positive nodes. Expression of the three clusters was averaged, rank ordered, divided into equal thirds; medium and high expression is relative to low expression. Significant variables are displayed in bold. 
Basal-like HER2+/ER- Luminal A Luminal B Normal-like p-value. 
Chi-square analysis for association of gene expression with subtypes. 
Samples were rank ordered into three equal groups and the percentage of each subtype in the highest expression group is reported for the NKI patient data set. 
*Note: HER4 could not be assessed in UNC data due to too many missing values; HER3 was not present in the NKI data set; AKT2 was not present in the UNC data set. 
a associations were also similarly significant in the UNC sample set. 
b nominally significant in UNC data (p-value = 0.0046). 
c nominally significant association in the UNC data (p-value= 0.0051). 
d nominally significant in the UNC data (p-value = 0.003). 
e nominally significant in the UNC data (p-value = 0.0023). 
f significant in the UNC data (p-value = 0.0003). 
g significant in the UNC data (p-value = <0.0001). 
Bonferroni corrected level of significance ? = 0.0022. 
Cluster 1 Cluster 2 Cluster 3      % p-val % p-val % p-val. 
Associations between Clusters #1–3 and individual genes using the NKI295 sample set. 
Chi-squared analyses were used to identify associations between the high expression of the individual EGFR-activation profiles for each cluster (top 1/3) and the expression of individual genes categorized as high (top 1/3). The % of tumors with the high expression of each cluster and that show the high expression of the individual gene is shown. 
*Note: HER4 could not be assessed in UNC data due to too many missing values; HER3 was not present in the NKI data set; AKT2 was not present in the UNC dataset. 
a the statistically significant association was also significant in the UNC data set (p < 0.0025). 
b the association was nominally significant in the NKI dataset (p < 0.05), but significant in the UNC dataset (p < 0.0025). 
c the association was significant in the NKI dataset (p < 0.0025), but nominally significant in the UNC dataset (p < 0.05). 
d the association was nominally significant in both datasets (p < 0.05). 
e the association was significant in UNC dataset (p < 0.0025). 
f the association was nominally significant in the UNC dataset (p < 0.05). 
Bonferroni corrected level of significance ? = 0.0025. 
Positively regulated cellular organelles  sch9?/wt ras2?/wt tor1?/wt cellular organelle p-value q-value p-value q-value p-value q-value. 
KEGG Pathway (down-regulated) # genes sch9?/wt ras2?/wt tor1?/wt   p-value q-value p-value q-value p-value q-value. 
TIGO category (down-regulated) # genes sch9?/wt ras2?/wt tor1?/wt   p-value q-value p-value q-value p-value q-value. 
Mitochondrial TIGO category (down-regulated) # genes sch9?/wt ras2?/wt tor1?/wt   p-value q-value p-value q-value p-value q-value. 
TIGO category (down-regulated) # genes p-value q-value. 
Tumors Cited as Exogenous gene effect Tumor type Site of origin N. 
Summary of mouse tumors studied by Affymetrix microarray profiling. 
Higher in slow-forming PCT (TEPC, IL6PC, KiPC. 
Genes showing significant differences in expression between rapid-forming PCTs (ABPC and ABLMYCPC) and slow-forming PCTs (TEPC, IL6PC and KiPC). 
Class comparison between slow-forming PCTs (TEPC, IL6PC and KiPC) and rapid-forming PCTs (ABPC and ABLMYCPC) by two-sample t-test generated 1195 genes showing significant differences (p- value < 0.001). Among these 1195 genes, the genes showing more than 1.5 fold increase and p-value < 0.0001 were selected in this table. The genes in each category of gene function were assigned based on the annotation of CGAP. 
Number of Differentially Regulated Drosophila Genes after Wasp Attack for Given t -Test p -Value Cutoffs. 
Percent of Fat Body Cells Fluorescing in the Drosomycin-GFP Strain 5 h after Wasp Attack. 
Tumor type %. 
Distribution of tumors collected from AKXD mice. 
Almost half of the tumors (48%) type as B cell or pre-B cell. Molecular cell type was determined by histopathology and Southern blot of IgH , IgK , J?1 , and J?2 genes to detect somatic recombination in lymphoid tumors. 
VST hits Chr Designation Candidate genes Tumor type. 
CISs with one tag in our database. 
Twenty-four single-hit VSTs identified established CISs. Table information same as Table  3 ; see footnotes. 1. For Evi18 and Evi106 , VSTs fell on either side of the established locus (within 200 kb) but VSTs were >200 kb apart and are listed as separate CISs. 
P. marneffei Strains Used in This Study. 
Cell sample Growth factor Projected cell area Branch length Number of branches. 
Morphometric analysis of cell extensions in 3D collagen matrices. 
PAK1-silenced and mock-transfected cells were harvested and used to prepare floating collagen matrices. Samples were incubated for 4 h in DME containing 5 mg/ml BSA and 50 ng/ml PDGF, as indicated. At the end of the incubations, samples were fixed and stained with rhodamine-phalloidin for actin. For each value, measurements were made on 50 cells that were photographed at random. 
Strain Genotype Source or reference. 
Yeast strains used in this study. 
Plasmid Primer direction Primer. 
Primers used for preparation of Sos fusion genes. 
The sequences underlined in the primers correspond to BamHI and MluI restriction sites in forward and reverse primers, respectively. 
Gene Primer direction Primer. 
Primers used to tag various genes at their chromosomal loci. 
The sequences underlined in the primers correspond to the tagging plasmid sequence. 
Mutant 293 Morph. a FACS b (mean ± SD) Folding c Surface exp. d (Å2). 
Alanine substitutions in uPAR, which impair uPAR-induced morphology changes in 293 cells. 
The cell morphology of transfected 293 cells (morph.) is divided into three groups; wild-type uPAR morphology (uPAR), mock transfected morphology (mock), and intermediate morphology (intermediate). 
Cell surface receptor expression was measured by FACS analysis. The mean fluorescence (± SD) represents an average of three independent antibodies correlated to the expression level of wild-type uPAR. 
The overall protein folding of the receptors was monitored by non-reducing SDS-PAGE and immunoblotting. 
Surface exposure area (Å2) of the individual residues on the crystal structure of uPAR (PDB entry 1YWH) is indicated. No surface exposure is indicated for R91, as this residue is not defined in the crystal structure. A complete list of all mutants analyzed can be found in Table S1. 
Src mutant Description. 
Src-GFP mutants. 
Table shows Src-GFP constructs used in the studies. Chicken c-Src-WT-GFP was shown to undergo normal regulation in cells; Src-Y527F-GFP and Src-251-GFP were demonstrated to be active and possess correct cellular localization ( Timpson et al., 2001 ; Sandilands et al., 2004 ). Additional mutants were constructed by site-directed mutagenesis using Src-WT-GFP or Src-Y527F-GFP as templates; the Y527F/K295M double mutant served as a template for the triple mutant. All constructs are in pEGFP-N1, except Src-251-GFP (pBabePuro). The K295M mutation inactivates Src kinase activity ( Kamps et al., 1984 ; Kamps and Sefton, 1986 ), the R175A mutation inactivates pTyr binding by the SH2 domain ( Waksman et al., 1993 ), and the W118A mutation inactivates SH3 domain binding ( Musacchio et al., 1994 ; Erpel et al., 1995 ). 
Age Genotype Body weight n. 
Growth of MCK–SHP-2–null mice. 
Data are the mean ± SEM. 
Primer Sequence (5??3?; restriction sites underlined) Description. 
Primers used for constructing yeast two-hybrid vectors, quantitative RT-PCR and expression constructs for pull-down assays. 
In most cases, the same primers were used to make constructs in both pGADT7 and pGBKT7 for yeast two-hybrid screens. 
Plasmid name Vector Insert and cloning description. 
Plasmid used in this study. 
mRNA NGF BDNF NT3 MAG Sema3A. 
Modulation of axonal mRNA levels in response to growth-promoting and growth-inhibiting stimuli. 
qPCR data for the axonal mRNAs tested for axonal level modulation by NGF, BDNF, NT3, MAG, and Sema3A are tabulated. Axonal levels of the mRNAs are compared with axons treated with controls (BSA for NGF, BDNF, and NT-3; IgG-Fc for MAG; and AP for Sema3A) and are displayed ± SD from three replicates. Values in bold indicate differences that were statistically significant based on P < 0.01 by the student Newman-Keul test. The other values are not statistically significant (P ? 0.01). 
345 line (20 wk after promotion) 710 line (29 wk after promotion) Group Papillomas (%) Papillomas with early local invasion (%) Invasive SSC or spindle cell carcinoma (%) Papillomas (%) Papillomas with early local invasion (%) Invasive SSC or spindle cell carcinoma (%). 
Papilloma-to-carcinoma conversion. 
FS, fibroblast sarcoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma. 
Cell transfection and/or treatment Mgat5+/+ Mgat5?/? Rescue Mgat5?/?ESC ESC-Rescue  Mf Mf Mf Mf Mf  t 1/2 t 1/2 t 1/2 t 1/2 t 1/2. 
Percent mobile fraction and t 1/2 of recovery for CT-B–FITC and EGFR-YFP as determined by FRAP. 
Mf, mobile fraction. Data are presented as means ± SEM. 
P < 0.01 compared with Mgat5+/+(2.6). 
P < 0.01 compared with control. 
P < 0.05 compared with Mgat5+/+(2.6). 
P < 0.05 compared with control. 
P < 0.01 compared with Mgat5+/+(2.6) treated with lactose. 
EGFR-YFP  ?LatA +LatA  Mf t 1/2 Mf t 1/2. 
Percent mobile fraction and t 1/2 of recovery for EGFR-YFP after treatment with LatA as determined by FRAP. 
Mf, mobile fraction. Data are presented as means ± SEM. 
P < 0.05 compared with absence to LatA. 
Pathologic variables CD117 expression pattern P value     membrane-associated cytoplasmic . 
CD117 immunoexpression in canine MCTs (membrane-associated versus cytoplasmic staining): correlations with multiple pathologic variables. 
NS – non-significant. 
Pathologic variables Ki67 labelling index (p value)  median min . max . IR . 
Ki67 labelling index in canine MCTs: correlations with multiple pathologic variables. 
IR – interquartile range, NS – non-significant. 
Pathological variables AgNORs mean counts (p value)  Median min . max . IR . 
AgNORs mean counts in canine MCTs: correlations with multiple pathologic variables. 
IR – interquartile range, NS – non-significant. 
Cell Line EGFR Gefitinib IC50 Ras. 
Abbreviations: WT, wild-type; IC50 , 50% inhibitory concentration Gefitinib IC50 values have been reported (Fujimoto et al., 2005). 
Protein Biochemical Functions References. 
Proteins that use an LXCXE interaction motif to bind to pRB. 
Primer Sens Primer Antisense Primer Size (bp)* annealing (celsius) cycles extension positive control. 
PCR primers, cycling conditions and positive controls used. 
* Size of amplified fragment; ** PMA-treated THP-1 cells. 
Cell Line Exon Nucleotide Mutation Amino Acid Mutation dbSNP * Predicted Protein Function **. 
www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/SNP/. 
blocks.fhcrc.org/sift/SIFT.html. 
Cell Line Exon Nucleotide Mutation Amino Acid Mutation dbSNP * Predicted Protein Function **. 
www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/SNP/. 
blocks.fhcrc.org/sift/SIFT.html. 
Cell Line Exon Nucleotide Mutation Amino Acid Mutation dbSNP * Predicted Protein Function **. 
www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/SNP/. 
blocks.fhcrc.org/sift/SIFT.html. 
Exon Forward Reverse bp. 
Gene Exon Forward Reverse bp. 
gene name 3'UTR position miRNA name secondary structure free energy. 
Examples of predicted miRNA/oncogene interactions. 
Examples of predicted miRNA/oncogene interactions. Several important oncogenes and their potential miRNA regulators were arbitrary selected from the full list of 294 genes (Additional file 1 ), to be shown as examples. RNAfold "dot-and-bracket" format was used to show secondary structures of miRNA/mRNA duplexes (left side of appropriate structure corresponds to miRNA sequence in 3'-5'orientation; right side corresponds to predicted mRNA binding site in 5'-3' orientation). Brackets represent paired and dots non-paired nucleotides, respectively. 
3'UTR position miRNA name secondary structure free energy. 
Possible let-7 family members that can interact with 3'UTR of c-MYC. 
Cell type Treatments* Nucleotide effect on ROS production* Receptors proposed Method for measuring ROS production References. 
Summary of extracellular nucleotide regulation of ROS production by immune and tumor cells. 
* The upward arrow (? indicates that the specified treatment enhanced the indicated parameter (ROS production), whereas the downward arrow (? designates that the specified treatment or inhibitor (e.g., oATP or KN-62) attenuated ROS production. SOD superoxide dismutase, DCFDA the intracellular ROS-reactive indicator dye- 2–7–dichlorodihydrofluorescein diacetate. 
LPS-stimulated event and system studied Nucleotide and effect* References. 
Summary of extracellular nucleotide regulation of iNOS expression and NO production by immune cells. 
* The upward arrow (? indicates that the specified nucleotide enhanced the indicated parameter (NO production or iNOS expression), whereas the downward arrow (? designates that the specified nucleotide or inhibitor attenuated the indicated parameter. 
microRNAs Tumorigenesis Diagnosis Prognosis. 
The role of microRNAs in cancers. 
Function Category Significance Associated Genes. 
The major relevant functions altered by riddelliine treatment in liver. 
Gene symbol Gene description Locus link ID Fold change P -value. 
Genes involved in drug metabolisms altered by riddelliine treatment in liver. 
Gene Description Locus link ID Fold change P -value. 
Genes involved in endothelial cells altered by riddelliine treatment in liver. 
* Genes also involved in cancer development. 
Gene Description Locus link ID Fold change P -value. 
Genes involved in liver injury and abnormalities altered by riddelliine treatment. 
* Genes also involved in cancer development. 
Gene Name Gene Symbol Gene Function Fold Change. 
Belinostat induces P21WAF1 and other HDAC core genes in transgenic mice bladders. Summary of changes in transgenic mice bladder gene expression for belinostat-treated versus control. 
Gene Name Gene Symbol Gene Function Fold Change. 
Belinostat induces 34 genes involved in cellular communication. Summary of fold changes in transgenic mice bladder gene expression for belinostat-treated versus control. 
Substrate Sequence K m (?M) k cat (s?1) k cat/ K m (103 × M?1 s?1). 
Kinetic parameters for the dephosphorylation of phosphopeptides by rWip1 at pH 7.5, 30°C. 
Values represent averages from three to four independent experiments. 
The K m and k cat values could not be determined due to the high K m. 
Chemical structure of probucol analogues used in previous atherosclerosis intervention studies. 
The compounds shown are separated into antioxidants that inhibit (active) and those that do not inhibit atherosclerosis (inactive). Anti-atherosclerotic activity was tested in Watanabe heritable hyperlipidemic rabbits, except for AGI-1067, which was used in Apoe ?/? mice and in low-density lipoprotein receptor–null mice. Note that probucol analogues without sulphur atoms are inactive, whereas analogues with altered “dithio-bridge” or blocked phenolic group retain anti-atherosclerotic activity. 
Lean (n = 9) Obese (n = 9) Obese + probucol (n = 9). 
Morphometry of carotid artery after balloon injury of lean and obese Zucker rats. 
Probucol (1%, wt/wt) was administered for 4 wk, with carotid balloon injury performed after 2 wk and carotid artery morphometry, reendothelialization, and intimal cell proliferation assessed at the end of the 4-wk intervention as described in Materials and methods. Total and PCNA+ cells were assessed as the number of cells per high power field (average of three fields). Values are mean ± SEM. ND, not detected. 
P < 0.05 versus lean. 
P < 0.05 versus obese. 
Probucol ?SnPP-IX (n = 6) Probucol +SnPP-IX (n = 6). 
Blocking heme oxygenase attenuates protection by probucol against intimal hyperplasia in obese Zucker rats. 
Experimental conditions were essentially as described in the legend to Table III , except that in these animals, 10 mg tin protoporphyrin-IX was applied topically around the injured artery at the time of surgery, using a pluronic gel (+SnPP-IX) or gel alone (?SnPP-IX) as described previously (reference 57 ). The smaller lesions seen here in probucol-treated obese rats ?SnPP-IX compared to that shown in Table III may be due to different batches of animals used in the two separate intervention studies and/or to effects of the gel alone. Values are mean ± SEM. 
P < 0.05 versus +SnPP-IX. 
10 wk 20 wk  WT Cav-1 KO Cav-1 RC WT Cav-1 KO Cav-1 RC. 
Cardiac and pulmonary parameters in WT, Cav-1 KO, and Cav-1 RC mice. 
The results of the experiments are expressed as the means ± the SEM. n = 5–10 for all groups. 
Significantly different from Cav-1 KO; P < 0.05. 
Significantly different from WT; P < 0.05. 
Tissue Mouse Total CD4+ CD8+ B220+ Macrophages Others. 
Lymph node cellularity of BCL11BF/FCD4cre mice. 
Total cellularity was determined by counting the live cells. Absolute numbers were calculated based on the percentage of each population. All mice in these experiments were between 8 and 12 weeks of age. Absolute numbers should be multiplied by 106. Two-tailed Student's t test was applied to determine the statistical significance. 
Spleen          Mouse Total CD4+ CD8+ B220+ Macrophages Dendritic cells NK cells TCR?? TCR?? (CD4?/CD8?). 
Spleen cellularity of BCL11BF/FCD4cre mice. 
Total cellularity was determined by counting the live cells. Absolute numbers were calculated based on the percentage of each population. All mice in these experiments were between 8 and 12 weeks of age. Absolute numbers should be multiplied by 106. Two-tailed Student's t test was applied to determine the statistical significance. 
milligrams/deciliter gp130– gp130flox. 
Plasma lipids of Western diet–treated mice. 
Plasma TC levels after 12 wk of Western diet are not significantly different between the experimental groups (mean ± SEM; n = 7). 
SNP CHD CHD Ostium Ostium  Crude analysis Fully adjusted model Crude analysis Fully adjusted model. 
Significant results (P values) of association analysis in the IL6ST gene in 513 MI families using QTDT. 
The fully adjusted model includes age, gender, smoking, diabetes, BMI, CAD/MI, TC/HDL ratio, lipid medication, and three CRP gene SNPs previously associated with CRP levels. 
SNP rs# MAF  %. 
Allele frequencies of markers. 
MAF, minor allele frequency. 
Effector Rested effector Memory  Th1 Th2 Th1 Th2 Th1 Th2. 
MFI values of selected markers on Th1 and Th2 subpopulations. 
Average MFI +/? SD of at least three separate experiments. 
Significant difference between Th1 and Th2 (P < 0.01) by unpaired Student's t test. 
MTA family of proteins interacts with various transcriptional complexes including MICoA and NRIF3. Nuclear receptor ER? also interacts with MTA1, MTA1s and MTA2. Other interacting proteins include p53, BCL6, CAK, CK1?2 and MBD3. 
Grb7 SH2 . 
Grb7 SH2 domain Data Collection and Refinement Statistics. 
aValues in parentheses are for the highest resolution shell happiness. 
b R merge = ? |I – < I >|/? I where I is the observed diffraction intensity of the jth observation of reflection hkl and < I > is the average diffraction intensity of all measurements of reflection hkl. 
cRfree = ? | |Fo|-|Fc|/? |Fo| where |Fo| and |Fc| are the observed and calculated factors respectively. 
?-State Description. 
Description of membrane-localized ?-states. 
    EGF=0.5 nM; HRG=0 nM EGF=10 nM; HRG=0 nM EGF=0 nM; HRG=0.5 nM EGF=0 nM; HRG=10 nM EGF=0.5 nM; HRG=0.5 nM EGF=10 nM; HRG=10 nM. 
Parameter-sensitivity analysis results. 
Rows correspond to ERK or Akt activation at either 5 or 30 min, whereas columns correspond to a particular ligand–dose combination. For each dose combination, the top three parameters having the largest positive and negative sensitivity coefficients are listed, along with the corresponding value in parenthesis. The normalized sensitivity coefficients are calculated in response to a 1% change in the indicated parameter, calculated as ( A *perturb– A *base)/ A *base, where A is the activity of interest. Sensitivity larger than 0.01 indicates amplification of the parameter perturbation, and sensitivity smaller than 0.01 indicates dampening of the perturbation. 
  EGF=0.5 nM; HRG=0 nM EGF=10 nM; HRG=0 nM EGF=0 nM; HRG=0.5 nM EGF=0 nM; HRG=10 nM EGF=0.5 nM; HRG=0.5 nM EGF=10 nM; HRG=10 nM   Mean St. Dev. Kurt. Mean St. Dev. Kurt. Mean St. Dev. Kurt. Mean St. Dev. Kurt. Mean St. Dev. Kurt. Mean St. Dev. Kurt. 
Sensitivity coefficient population statistics. 
Abbreviations: Kurt., Kurtosis; St. Dev., Standard Deviation. 
Rows correspond to ERK or Akt activation at either 5 or 30 min, whereas columns correspond to a particular ligand–dose combination and population statistic. 
Cell type  Transfected cDNA  Number of colonies/ 105 cells/?g plasmid DNA  Percentage of colony growth. 
Colony Formation of Cells Transfected with H-rev107 Expression Vectors and Control Plasmids. 
106 cells were cotransfected with 1 ?g pY3, 5 ?g recombinant expression vector, and 20 ?g of high molecular weight carrier DNA. Stable transfectants were selected in medium containing hygromycin B. Resistant colonies were counted in triplicate cultures, and numbers were normalized to the number of colonies obtained per ?g DNA in 105 transfected cells. Colony numbers obtained after transfection with the control plasmid pCDNA3 were arbitrarily taken as 100% colony growth. H-rev107 expression vectors were cloned as described in Materials and Methods. FE-8 cells ( HRAS -transformed rat 208F), ANR4 cells, ( HRAS -transformed rat hepatocellular carcinoma), and 208F cells (nontransformed, immortalized rat fibroblasts).  . 
Strain  Genotype. 
Strains Used in This Study. 
JX573 was kept as a transformant.  . 
Antibodies  Specificity  Origin  Use. 
Primary Antibodies. 
Primary antibodies used for Western blots ( WB ), immunocytochemistry ( IC ), and adhesion tests ( AT ).  . 
Gene  Name  Sequence  PCR product size  Accession number. 
Synthetic Oligonucleotides. 
Fraction number  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12. 
Distribution of Golgi and Plasma Membrane Markers on Percoll Gradients. 
?NBD-sphingolipid fluorescence, percent of total.  . 
?Biotinylated proteins quantified by densitometric scanning, percent of total.  . 
Allele  N  % D  % E  % LIII  % LP. 
Lethal Phase of scu Alleles. 
Female scu  . 
/+ were crossed to CS males, and the F1 was analyzed. N, number of analyzed individuals; D, dead individuals; E, embryos; LIII, third instar larvae; LP, late pupae. Percentages of lethality at each developmental stage refer the total number of dead individuals.  . 
Allele  N  single bristle  several bristles f  y f  y. 
Twin Mosaic Analysis of scu Alleles. 
The thoracic cuticle of females y w scu  . 
os/f os , that had been irradiated between 0 and 48 h of development (see Materials and Methods), was examined in search for somatic recombination clones. Adjacent yellow ( y ) and forked ( f ) clones represent the derivatives of a single recombination event: the y patch is homozygous for scu  . 
* mutation; the f patch is the scu + control. Isolated f clones indicate that the scu mutant cells have not been able to grow and form the adult structures. Note the severe reduction in the number of mutant clones obtained with respect to the twin control. N, number of females analyzed.  . 
% negative (peak mean)  % positive (peak mean). 
AnnexinV Staining. 
Cells were plated on osteopontin (OPN) or polylysine (PDL). 24 and 48 h after plating, cells were harvested and stained with AnnexinV-FITC and analyzed by flow cytometry. Negative and positive percentage values at the two timepoints are indicated. In addition, the peak mean (in parentheses) is also indicated.  . 
Strain  Genotype *  Source/Reference. 
Yeast Strains. 
All of the JSY strains used in this study are isogenic to FY10 ( Winston et al., 1995 ) except JSY1914 and JSY1916, which were generated by crossing MYY503 ( mdm10::URA3 ; Sogo and Yaffe, 1994 ) into the FY background, and JSY1729, which was generated by crossing MYY503 with an FY strain containing DNM1-HA c .  . 
FM 4-64 Localization Time  Strain  PM  PM + E  E + V  V. 
Kinetics of FM 4-64 Internalization. 
PM , plasma membrane; E , endosome-like intermediate; V , vacuole.  . 
0 min time point scored after incubation and wash performed at 0°C. Remaining time points were scored during the 30°C chase (see text).  . 
Plasmid DNA *  Morphological change ‡. 
Morphology of Transfected PC12 Cells. 
?PC12 cells were transfected with a 9:1 (wt/wt) ratio of the indicated plasmid:pRc-CMV-?-Gal (reporter plasmid) in A, and with a 9:3:1 (wt/wt/wt) ratio of pTB701-FLAG-FEZ1:pTB701-HA-PKC? derivatives:pRc-CMV-?-Gal in B.  . 
?X-Gal–positive blue cells were counted as transfected cells. Flattened cells with neurite longer than twice the soma diameter were judged as differentiated cells. The percentage of differentiated cells (neurite-bearing and flattened shape) was calculated from at least 300 transfected cells counted. An average percentage was calculated from three plates per transfection and three independent transfections. Differences from control cells (pTB701) are statistically significant ( P < 0.001) according to t test.  . 
?The expression plasmid for an oncogenically active form of Ras (substituting Gly-12 by Val). RasG12V protein was used as a positive control for the neuronal differentiation of PC12 cells ( Higuchi et al., 1997 ).  . 
Cell type  No. of cells 104  SEM. 
Growth Rate Comparison between Control and MF Cells. 
Cell type  Positive/total  SEM. 
Nuclear Incorporation of BrdU in Control and MF Cells. 
Stimulus  Proapoptotic  Antiapoptotic. 
The Role of NF-?B in Regulating Apoptosis in AT-3 Cells Depends on the Death Stimulus. 
neo1  neo4  neo7  neo8  Ecad3  Ecad7  Ecad9  Ecad18  Pc10-L  Pc5-T  Pc5-T +HYase ?. 
Ability of Cells to Aggregate in Three-dimensional Culture Correlates with Fraction of Proliferating EMT/6 Cells According to Percentage of BrdU-labeled Cells After a 24-h Pulse. 
?Ability of cells to form aggregates in three-dimensional culture. (?) indicates loosely or nonadherent aggregates, and (+) indicates tightly adherent aggregates as shown in Fig. 1 .  . 
?Two-dimensional monolayer culture.  . 
?Three-dimensional culture.  . 
?Hyaluronidase-treated.  . 
Strain  Genotype  Source. 
Yeast Strains Used in This Study. 
Plasmid  Description  Source. 
Plasmids Used in This Study. 
pACTII- IQG1 (Miller units)  pACTII (Miller units). 
Two-Hybrid Interaction between Iqg1p and Cdc42 Protein. 
?-Galactosidase activity (Miller units) was calculated from five independent transformants.  . 
pACTII- IQG1 (Miller units)  pACTII (Miller units). 
Two-Hybrid Interaction between Iqg1p and Each of Akr1p and Afr1p. 
?-Galactosidase activity (Miller units) was calculated from six independent transformants.  . 
Collagen *  Fibronectin *. 
Migration of Cells Expressing Activated R-Ras and TC21 on Collagen and Fibronectin. 
?Average number of cells per microscopic field for a representative experiment from Fig. 2 . Values represent an average of 6 fields ± SD.  . 
Control  Transgenic  P value. 
Effect of PKC ?II Transgene Expression on Morphometric Parameters in the Colon. 
Results are shown as means ± SEM on a sample size of 10 mice/group. NS, not significantly different.  . 
Control  Transgenic  P value. 
Effect of PKC ?II Transgene Expression on Proliferative Parameters in the Colon. 
Results are shown as means ± SEM on a sample size of four to five mice/group. NS, not significantly different, ( P > 0.05).  . 
Retroviral Insertion Sites Identified in the p27 +/? Lymphomas. 
Common Integration Sites in p27 +/? Lymphomas. 
Construct  Nucleus (percentage of cells)  Cytoplasm (percentage of cells)  Number of cells. 
Localization of Expressed Zyxin–?-gal Fusion Proteins in Rat Embryo Fibroblast (REF-52) Cells. 
To test the ability of zyxin's conserved leucine-rich region to relocalize nuclear proteins to the cytoplasm, the distribution of ?-gal with and without fused zyxin amino acid sequences was determined by immunofluorescence. Plasmids engineered to express ?-gal or ?-gal–zyxin fusion proteins were injected into REF-52 cells, and cells were stained with anti–?-gal antibodies 24 h after injected. Cells that expressed the construct were identified by fluorescence microscopy, and the distribution of fusion protein was scored. Results from three experiments are shown.  . 
Construct  Nucleus (percentage of cells)  Cytoplasm (percentage of cells)  Number of cells. 
Localization of Injected Zyxin-GST Fusion Proteins in Rat Embryo Fibroblast (REF-52) Cells. 
To test the ability of zyxin's conserved, leucine-rich region to relocalize nuclear proteins to the cytoplasm, the distribution of nuclear injected GST, with and without fused zyxin aa sequences, was determined by immunofluorescence. GST or GST zyxin fusion proteins were expressed and purified from bacteria and co-injected into REF-52 cell nuclei along with fluorochrome-labeled BSA to mark successful nuclear injection. Within 30 to 45 min of injection, cells were prepared for indirect immunofluorescence using an antibody directed against the FLAG epitope tag found within the GST leader peptide. The percentage of cells that displayed nuclear or cytoplasmic localization of the fusion protein is shown; three independent experiments were performed.  . 
LLC-PK1  E7 Clone  N2 Clone. 
Mitogenic Effect of HGF on LLC-PK1 Cells. 
4 × 104 cells were seeded in 96-well microtiter plate to reach confluence, starved in DME 0.2% FCS for 24 h, and then stimulated with 15 ng/ml of HGF. After 6 h, BrdU was added and left to incorporate for an additional 3 h. Incorporated BrdU was detected by a specific mAb and peroxidase-conjugated secondary antibody. After incubation with the peroxydase substrate, absorbance was read at 410 nm. Values are given as OD arbitrary units. Numbers are the mean (± SD) calculated from six duplicates of one representative experiment. The t test was applied for specific comparisons of the means of two pairs of samples in each column and in each row. Comparisons between HGF-treated and untreated cells samples (1 vs 2) gave P ? 0.01, while comparisons between samples of each row did not give significant P .  . 
Findings Model Treatment Reference. 
Biological evaluation of DBT ( in vitro studies). 
Findings Model Treatment Reference. 
Biological evaluation of DBT ( in vivo studies). 
Genes Number of genes *. 
Genes regulated by DBT , RA and RAS in cultured MG-63 cells. 
*Significant changes of gene expression are defined as regulation, which can be either up-regulation when fluorescent signal in the sample was 200% greater than that of control, or down-regulation when the signal was 50% less than that of control. 
SAGE Libraries Used No. of Total tags No. of Unique tags. 
A tabular summary of the publicly available SAGE libraries used for comparative analysis in this study. 
MCF-7 and ZR75-1 cells were compared with NBr. A second comparison was made between MCF-7, ZR75-1, and MDA-MB-435 cells. 
MCF-7 No. of Genes % ZR75-1 No. of Genes %. 
Gene distribution in the individual GO terms. 
The distribution of genes within the individual GO terms was higher in MCF-7 cells compared to ZR75-1, though the pattern of gene distribution was similar. % denotes percentage of coverage. 
Construct  % Gj + v- src *  v- src ‡ Bound Gj ? v- src. 
Comparison of the Gating Effect on, and Association of pp60v-src with, Wild-type Cx43 and Cx43 Mutants. 
% is normalized to non-specific effects on Cx32. Figures in bold show no significant loss of v- src induced gating compared to wild-type Cx43.  . 
?Normalized binding to Cx43 wild-type. Figures in bold highlight cases where src binding was not impaired.  . 
Stimulus  Reagent  n  % change *   Direct  CM  P. 
Effect on the Membrane Response of Chondrocytes of Direct Stimulation at 0.33 Hz or the Addition of Conditioned Medium (CM) from Chondrocytes Stimulated at 0.33 Hz for 20 min to Previously Unstimulated Cells in a Representative Experiment. 
Results are consistent between experiments and between cells from different individuals for 0.33-Hz stimulation alone (six donors) or with antiintegrin antibodies (three donors).  . 
?Compared with unstimulated cells.  . 
Stimulus  Reagent  Dish  n  % change *  P. 
Effect of IL-4 Antibody in CM on the Membrane Hyperpolarization Response of Chondrocytes. 
Chondrocytes in dishes A and C were stimulated at 0.33 Hz PIS and the CM transferred to dishes B and D, respectively. Before the addition of CM from dish C to D, IL-4 antibody was added at a concentration of 1 ?g/ml. Results are from a single experiment and are consistent between experiments and between cells from different individuals for transfer in the absence (six donors) or presence of anti–IL-4 antibody (three donors).  . 
?Compared with unstimulated cells.  . 
Stimulus  Reagent  n  % change *  P. 
Effect of Chemical Inhibitors of Cell Signaling Molecules on the Membrane Hyperpolarization Response of HAC Treated with 10 pg/ml IL-4. 
Neomycin (inhibitor of PLC), flunarizine (inhibitor of IP3-mediated Ca2+ release from ER), apamin (blocker of SK channels), genistein (tyrosine kinase inhibitor), gadolinium (blocker of mechanosensitive ion channels), and P4C10 (anti–?1 integrin). Results shown are from a single experiment and are consistent between experiments and between cells from different individuals for IL-4 alone (18 donors), IL-4 + apamin (3 donors), IL-4 + either flunarizine (3 donors), gadolinium (3 donors), neomycin (3 donors), or P4C10 (3 donors).  . 
?Compared with unstimulated cells.  . 
% G1  % S-phase  % G2/M. 
Cell Cycle Distribution. 
Analysis of the cell cycle distribution of asychronously growing wild-type, p21 ?/? , Rb ?/? , and Rb ?/?;p21 ?/? cells. Cells were pulsed with 5 BrdU for 5 h, fixed, stained with PI and analyzed by two-dimensional FACS® analysis. The data shows the average of four independent experiments and standard deviations of the measurements.  . 
Rb +/?  p21 ?/?; Rb +/?. 
Tumor Analysis in p21?/?;Rb+/? Mice. 
Tumor analysis in p21 ?/?; Rb +/? mice compared to Rb +/? mice ( Williams et al., 1994 ). M.A.S., Mean age of survival.  . 
Name  Features *  Description. 
Plasmids Used in This Study. 
?All plasmids listed are ampicillin-resistant, except HL3, which is chloramphenicol-resistant.  . 
?A kind gift from T. Stearns.  . 
Name  Genotype  Source. 
Yeast Strains Used in This Study. 
Sources: 1, Drubin lab; 2, Alison Adams; 3, this study; 4, David Amberg; 5, Steve Elledge.  . 
Mutation(s)  Temperature growth range *  Actin organization  Negative growth synergism. 
Synthetic Genetic Interactions Involving ARK1 and PRK1. 
?Growth was tested at 15, 20, 25, 30, 34, and 37°C.  . 
?Very slow growing at the indicated extremes of temperature.  . 
?7 out of the 12 predicted double-mutant progeny were inviable.  . 
?Slow growing at the indicated extremes of temperature.  . 
Transfected subunit  Proliferation  Differentiation. 
Integrin Subunit Phenotypes. 
Transfected molecule  Proliferation  Differentiation. 
Focal Adhesion Molecules and Differentiation. 
Strain  Genotype  Source. 
Yeast Strains Used in This Study. 
HIS5Sp refers to HIS5 from S. pombe and URA3Kl refers to URA3 from K. lactis .  . 
?Transformed with LEU2 fragment to make LEU2 +.  . 
?Strains made by deletion in a haploid, crossing with appropriate haploid followed by sporulation.  . 
?Made by crossing RAY1035 with RAY899 followed by sporulation.  . 
?Made by crossing RAY1035 with RAY719 followed by sporulation.  . 
?Made by crossing RAY1034 with RAY719 followed by sporulation.  . 
Made by crossing RAY1034 with RAY899 followed by sporulation.  . 
Strain  Cdc24p Ste4p interaction  +Ste18p. 
Requirements of Cdc24p Ste4p Interaction. 
Two-hybrid assays were carried out in strain PJ69-4A with the indicated gene deletions. Identical results were obtained with at least three transformants. ++ Denotes clear growth on selective plates lacking histidine.  . 
?Plates incubated at 25°C.  . 
Strain  Far1 Cdc24 interaction  Far1 Ste4 interaction. 
Far1p Interacts with Cdc24p and Ste4p. 
Two-hybrid assays were carried out in strain PJ69-4A with the indicated gene replacements. Identical results were obtained with at least three transformants. ++ Denotes growth on SC-leu-trp-his or in the case of cdc24-m1 SC-leu-ura-his.  . 
Age  Percent genotype of live embryos No. of pups +/+ +/? ?/?. 
Summary of Genotypes Resulting from Gab1+/? Intercrosses. 
Vector(s) Growth in soft agar (number of colonies) Size of colonies  Exp 1 Exp 2 Exp 3 Exp 4 mm. 
Soft Agar Colony Formation in Rat-6 Fibroblasts Infected with Various Retroviruses. 
TER Time Control 1?,25(OH)2D3. 
Induction by 1 ? ,25(OH) 2D 3 of TER in SW480-ADH cells. 
Cells pretreated during 30 d with either 1?,25(OH)2D3 (10?7) or vehicle were then cultured on Transwells, and resistance measurements were performed as described in Materials and methods during the following 8 d under the same treatments. Mean values of triplicate cultures are shown. 
MAD of SeMET derivative Crystal Native Remote Inflection Point Peak. 
Rmerge( I ) = ?| I ( i ) ? < I ( h )>|/? I (i), where I ( i ) is the i th observation of the intensity of the hkl reflection and < I > is the mean intensity from multiple measurements of the hkl reflection. 
Numbers in the parentheses are for the last resolution shell (1.81 ? 1.70 Å for the native date set). 
Rms F h / E represents phasing power; rms, root mean square; F h , heavy-atom structure factor amplitude; E , residual lack of closure error. 
Space group and cell parameters P21, a =53.37 Å, b = 61.69 Å, c = 71.14Å, b =107.5°. 
Rcryst( F ) = ? h ||Fobs( h )| ? |Fcalc( h )||/? h |Fobs( h )|, where |Fobs( h )| and|Fcalc( h )| are the observed and calculated structure factor amplitudes for the hkl reflection. Rfree is calculated over reflections in the test set of 1857 reflections (4%) not included in atomic refinement. 
Numbers in parentheses are for the last resolution shell (1.81–1.7 Å). 
Shp2 and Fyn/Yes Signal in Parallel to Wnt5, Converging on RhoA. 
Category Process Annotation pre-sen/post-sen MSC pre-sen MSC/TMC   Significance Molecules Significance Molecules. 
In each category only the highest “Process Annotation” is represented. 
MSC presen/MSCpost-sen p-value Ratio. 
Genbank Acc No Gene name x-fold change p-value z-score. 
Array data were filtered according to Z-score (>3.5 and <?3.5) and p-value (<0.01). 
Genbank Acc No. Gene name x-fold change p-value z-score. 
Array data were filtered according to Z-score (>3.5 and <?3.5) and p-value (<0.01). 
Cytosolic sphingosine kinase activity Cytosolic sphingosine kinase activity Treatment Vector SPHK  . 
PDGF Stimulates Sphingosine Kinase Activity in Sphingosine Kinase–transfected Cells. 
NIH 3T3 cells transfected with c-myc–pcDNA3 (Vector) or c-myc–pcDNA3-SPHK1a (SPHK) were incubated in serum-free media containing fatty acid–free BSA (20 ?g/ml), and transferrin (2 ?g/ml) overnight, and then stimulated with the indicated concentrations of PDGF for 10 min. Sphingosine kinase activity in cytosol and particulate fractions was measured as described in Materials and Methods and standard deviations were <10%. 
SPP SPP Fraction Vector SPHK Vector SPHK. 
Distribution of SPP in Membrane and Cytosol Fractions. 
SPP in cytosol and particulate fractions of HEK 293 cells transfected with c-myc–pcDNA3 (Vector) or c-myc–pcDNA3-SPHK1a (SPHK) was measured as described in Materials and Methods. The same samples were also analyzed for phospholipid content. 
Cell cycle distribution Cells G0/G1 S G2/M. 
Flow Cytometric Analysis of Cell. 
NIH 3T3 cells stably transfected with c-myc–pcDNA3 (Vector) or c-myc–pcDNA3-SPHK1a (SPHK) were plated at 500,000 cells/150-mm dish. After 24 h, cells were washed twice with DMEM and incubated in media containing 0.5 or 10% CS for 2 d. Cell-cycle analysis was then performed by flow cytometry as described in Materials and Methods. *Significant differences from vector-transfected values as determined by Student's t test ( P ? 0.01). ‡Not significantly different. 
Vectors HygR Foci in 10% CS Foci in 0.5% CS Soft agar colonies. 
Stable Transformation Assay. 
NIH 3T3 cells were cotransfected with RSVHyg and combinations of the plasmids for Ras G12V, IL2R?1, CD2FAK, or empty control vector. Total DNA was kept constant. Cells were trypsinized 2 d after transfection and replated in media containing 10% CS with 200 ?g/ml hygromycin B, 10% CS, 0.5% CS, or soft agar to measure foci and colony formation. Values are means ± SD from three separate experiments representing the total number of foci or colonies calculated for the entire transfection. 
Vectors Soft agar Foci in 0.5% CS Colony volume* Relative Foci size‡ Relative. 
Soft Agar and Minimal Medium Colony Size. 
Transfections from Table were further analyzed by measuring the soft agar colony diameter and calculating (4/3?r3) the volume (× 10?2 mM3)*. Values represent the average from two independent experiments in which 15 colonies were measured for each transfection combination. ‡ Minimal medium foci size was determined by trypsinization followed by replating in soft agar to determine the number of transformed cells per minimal media foci. Values represent the average of two experiments in which at least 40 foci from each transfection were trypsinized. 
Uninfected Salmonella Wild Type Salmonella ? sigD. 
Analysis of Phosphoinositide Content after Infection. 
Phosphoinositide levels were quantified before (Uninfected) and after infection of HeLa cells with either wild-type or sigD -deficient (? sigD ) Salmonella. Lipids were extracted and analyzed by HPLC as detailed in Materials and methods. The amount of the phosphoinositides is given as percent of PtdIns in the same sample. PtdInsP refers to the sum of both PtdIns(4)P and PtdIns(5)P, which are not resolved by the chromatographic system used. Data are means ± SEM of three separate experiments. 
Characteristics n %. 
Clinical features of examined cases. 
ACEI, angiotensin II-converting enzyme inhibitor; ARB, angiotensin II receptor blocker; TZD, thiazolidinedione. 
Characteristics MPP group (cases) MRP group (cases) P value. 
Comparison of histopathological features between the two groups. 
MPP, macrophage-poor plaque; MRP, macrophage-rich plaque; NS, not significant. 
Transfectant Additional plasmid Migration rate ± SD Directionality. 
Minimal Cross-inhibition by Dominant Negative Inhibitors. 
U-87MG cells were cotransfected with PTEN plus the indicated plasmids, and then analyzed by video time-lapse microscopy and image analysis for rates of cell migration and directionality as described in Materials and Methods. Dn-Cas, dominant negative Cas plasmid ?SD-p130Cas lacking the substrate domain. Dn-Shc, dominant negative Shc plasmid Y239/317F with a double mutation in tyrosine phosphorylation sites. These dominant interfering plasmids substantially inhibited migration in cells in which the FAK and Shc pathways were not inhibited by PTEN (see Fig. 2 ). 
Transfectant Inhibitor Migration rate ± SD Increase vs. PTEN Percentage inhibition. 
Effects of Inhibitors on Shc- or FAK-induced Migration. 
U-87MG cells, transiently transfected with the indicated expression plasmids, were treated with inhibitors or left untreated, and then were analyzed for rates of cell migration as described in Materials and Methods. The column entitled Increase shows net increases in the migration rate compared to the PTEN-reconstituted control. 
Clone Percent propidium iodide–positive cells. 
Influence of ?6?4 Integrin on the Viability of RKO and MDA-MB-435 Cells. 
Mock-transfected and ?4-transfected MDA-MB-435 and RKO cells were plated on poly- l -lysine (25 ?g/mL) in the absence of serum for 15 h, harvested, and incubated with propidium iodide (PI). The percentage of PI-positive cells was assessed by flow cytometry. Similar results were observed in four independent experiments. 
Strain Relevant genotype Source/reference. 
To replace the wild-type CDC12 locus with the GTPase mutants, pMVB21 or pMVB22 was digested with EcoRI and SpHI and transformed to BY4741. A PCR was performed to confirm correct replacement of CDC12 with the URA3 containing CDC12 cassette, and this PCR product was subsequently sequenced to verify introduction of the correct mutation. 
Ura mutants were selected on agar medium containing 0.5 mg/ml 5-fluoro-orotic acid ( Boeke et al., 1987 ). 
The exact CDC10 open reading frame was deleted using the PCR-based “Short Flanking Homology” method, using vector pFA6, containing the kanMX4 cassette ( Wach et al., 1994 ). The resulting PCR product was transformed into BY4741, YMVB1, or YMVB2, G418-resistant colonies were selected and replacement of the CDC10 ORF was verified by PCR. 
The XhoI-digested pMVB41 (containing wild-type CDC10 ) was integrated at the promoter locus of CDC10 in YMVB5 and YMVB15. To replace the wild type CDC10 locus with the GTPase mutant, cdc10 ( S46N ), the XhoI-digested pMVB40 was integrated at the promoter locus of CDC10 in YMVB5 or YMVB15. To replace the wild type CDC10 with the mutant, cdc10 ( S41V ), the XhoI-digested pMVB155 was integrated in YMVB16 (BY4741 cdc10 ? cdc12 ( S43V ) ::URA3 ). 
To delete CLA4 , FD26, a construct described by Cvrckova et al. (1995) containing LEU2 as the selection marker, was transformed into BY4741 or YMVB3. 
Marker swap plasmid pUH7 digested with SmaI ( Cross, 1997 ) was used to replace the URA3 marker with HIS3 in YMVB1 and YMVB8. 
To introduce the cdc10 ( S46N ) mutant, YIplac211- cdc10 ( S46N ) (YMVB69) was integrated at the CDC10 locus using the XhoI enzyme; Ura-transformants were selected on plates containing 5-FOA, and mutants were the cdc10 ( S46N ) allele was retained, were selected: first by testing the temperature-sensitive phenotype of the mutants, then by sequencing. 
To replace the wild type CDC10 locus with cdc10 ( S256A ) or cdc10 ( S46N S256A ) the XhoI-digested pMVB143 or pMVB144 was integrated at the promoter locus of CDC10 in YMVB5. 
Plasmid Description Source/reference. 
CDC12 was amplified using a forward primer, 5?-GGAATTCC AT ATG AGTGCTGCCACTGC-3? (NdeI site in italics, start codon in bold) and as reverse primer, 5?-TATCCG CTCGAG AGATCCACGTGGAACCAGTTTTAAATGGGATTTTTTTACTT-3? (XhoI site in italics). CDC12 (? 339 – 407 ), abbreviated Cdc12?C, was amplified using the same forward primer and a different reverse primer, 5?-TATCCG CTCGAG AGAGCCACGCGGAACTAAGTGTGACAATTTCCTTGCT-3?. Both reverse primers encode a thrombin cleavage site. The resulting CDC12 and CDC12 ? C derivatives were inserted as NdeI–XhoI fragments into the corresponding sites of pET-24b (Novagen) upstream and in-frame with a His6 tag. 
These constructs were created via site-directed mutagenesis of the indicated codons using mismatch primers. 
Derived from pET-23d (Novagen). 
The NcoI–BamHI fragment of pET-24d was replaced with an NcoI–BamHI fragment of pBH4 (a gift of K. Prehoda and W. Lim, UCSF) that contains six tandem His codons and a sequence encoding the cleavage site for TEV. 
Derived from pDT72. 
Derived from pKM263. 
Derived from pGEX3 (Amersham Biosciences). 
CDC12 , including 500 bp of its promoter region, was amplified and inserted in pUC18. Mutations S43V and T48N were introduced separately into Cdc12, as described above. To permit subsequent integration at the CDC12 locus on chromosome VIII, 446 bp of the 3?-untranslated region of CDC12 was inserted in the corresponding constructs. 
To provide a selectable marker for integration, the URA3 gene, excised from pJJ244 ( Jones and Prakash, 1990 ) was inserted into the naturally occurring SnaBI site present in the 3?-flanking region of CDC12 . 
A fragment of pMVB19 carrying CDC12 and its promoter was inserted into the corresponding sites in YCplac33. 
A fragment of pMVB22 carrying CDC12 ( T48N ) and its promoter was inserted into the corresponding sites in YEplac181. 
CDC10 , including 500 bps of its promotor region and 250 bp 3? to its stop codon, was amplified and cloned into YIplac128. 
A fragment containing cdc10S46N and its promotor was subcloned from pMVB40 into YIplac211. The cdc10S256A mutation was introduced via site-directed mutagenesis. 
The GAL1 -Myc- CLA4 fragment from YEpUG-Myc- CLA4 was subcloned into YCplac33. 
GAL1 -Myc- CLA4 was subcloned from pMVB113 to pUC18, which was used as a template in a site directed mutagenesis reaction, changing Lys 594 to Ala; GAL1 -Myc- CLA4 ( K594A ) was then inserted into YCplac33. 
These vectors are based on pETDuet-1 and pACYDuet-1 (Novagen). The His6 tag in pACYDuet was entirely deleted in pACYDuet1 using PCR mutagenesis. The GTP binding mutants were introduced by site-directed mutagenesis. 
DMSO U0126 Low K + PI+ TUNEL+ TUNEL+/PI+ CN/PI+ CN/PI? PI+ TUNEL+ TUNEL+/PI+ CN/PI+ CN/PI? h % % % % % % % % % %. 
At the time of potassium change (low K+), U0126 (20 ?M) or DMSO (0.1%) was added for 6, 12, 24, and 48 h, and triple staining was performed. Data are given as a percentage of the total number of PI+, TUNEL+, and TUNEL+/PI+ neurons. Percentage of total neurons with condensed nuclei (CN), which are PI+ and PI?, are also given. 
P < 0.001 compared with DMSO treatment. 
P < 0.01 compared with DMSO treatment. 
P < 0.05 compared with DMSO treatment. 
Low K + CN CN/PI+/TUNEL? CN/PI?/TUNEL+ CN/PI+/TUNEL+ CN/PI?/TUNEL?. 
Percentage of total number of CN, which are damaged only for PM (CN/PI+/TUNEL?), or DNA (CN/PI?/TUNEL+), or both (CN/PI+/TUNEL+). CN/PI?/TUNEL? condensed neurons neither PM nor DNA damaged. 
Gene Frequency. 
Name  Source or reference. 
klTRP1 encodes the Kluyveromyces lactis TRP1 gene. 
hphNT1 encodes the E. coli hph gene. 
R. norvegicus M. musculus H. sapiens G. gallus D. rerio C. elegans D. melanogaster. 
Genotype Plasmid Percent tubular network Percent collapsed Percent mutant. 
Mitochondrial morphology in GEM1 and gem1 ? cells. 
n cells ? 500. 
Mitochondria were visualized by expressing mito-RFP or mito-GFP. 
Percent tubular network contains wild-type morphology shown in Fig. 3 A. 
Percent collapsed contains aberrant morphology shown in Fig. 3 B. 
Percent mutant category contains aberrant morhpologies shown in Fig. 3 (C–E). 
Strains mated No. of fused mitochondria /total scored Percent fusion observed. 
Large-budded zygotes containing both mito-RFP and mito-GFP were scored at 2.5–4 h after mating on YPD. 
Genotype Percent tubular network Percent collapsed Percent globular and large grapes Percent fragmented. 
Mitochondrial division and fragmentation occurs in fzo1 ? lacking Gem1p. 
n cells > 300. 
Mitochondria were visualized by expressing mito-GFP. 
Percent tubular network contains wild-type morphology shown in Fig. 3 A. 
Percent collapsed contains aberrant morphology shown in Fig. 3 B. 
Percent globular and large grapes contains aberrant morphologies shown in Fig. 3 (C and D). 
Percent fragmented contains aberrant morphology shown in Fig. 3 E. 
gem1? strain containing pRS416 plus: Percent tubular network Percent collapsed Percent mutant. 
n cells > 300. 
Mitochondria were visualized by expressing mito-GFP. 
Percent tubular network contains wild-type morphology shown in Fig. 3 A. 
Percent collapsed contains aberrant morphology shown in Fig. 3 B. 
Percent mutant category contains aberrant morphologies shown in Fig. 3 (C–E). 
Alleles 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Df (3R) Tl-x. 
Lethal phases of scrib transheterozygotes. 
The reason for this early lethality is not known; because these alleles were generated on a similar parental chromosome they may share an accessory lethal. 
Plasmids a (WT/QL) RhoA and effectors b Emission ratio c GTP. 
Numbers of Raichu probes are shown. WT, wild-type RhoA; QL, RhoA with the Gln63Leu mutation. 
The order of RhoA and the effectors from the NH2 terminus to the COOH terminus are shown. For illustration, see Fig. 1 . 
Probes were expressed in 293T cells and analyzed with a fluorescent spectrometer as described in the text. Emission intensities of YFP at 527 nm and CPF at 475 nm were used to calculate the emission ratio. 
[(emission ratio of QL mutant) ? (emission ratio of WT)]/(emission ratio of WT). 
Probes were expressed in 293T cells, labeled with 32Pi, and analyzed with TLC as described in the text. GTP/(GTP + GDP) is shown as a percentage. 
Stage Fraction of cells containing phospho-MEK on Golgi membranes Cells containing phospho-MEK on Golgi membranes   %. 
NRK cells treated as described in Fig. 4 were labeled for activated MEK1 and DNA and imaged by fluorescence microscopy. The mitotic stages were defined based on the level of chromosome condensation. The number of cells with activated MEK1 on the Golgi complex (numerator) and the number of cells counted (denominator) are shown. 83% of cells in late prophase contain activated MEK1 on Golgi membranes. 
Tissue Group n Number of leukocytes a GFP + leukocytes b GFPhi leukocytes c Number of GFP+ leukocytes d Number of GFPhi leukocytes d. 
Splenocytes, thymocytes and bone marrow cells from the femurs of mice were harvested 10 wk after reconstitution with bone marrow cells infected with the indicated retroviral constructs. All values are the arithmetic means ± SEM of determinations from up to 18 animals per experimental group (see n values). P values were determined using an unpaired t test and are based on comparisons of the indicated data with corresponding control data. 
Leukocyte numbers (GFP? plus GFP+ cells) were determined hemocytometrically after RBC lysis. 
The percentage of GFP+ leukocytes was determined by flow cytometry. 
GFPhi is defined as >103 log10 fluorescence units. 
Numbers of GFP+ and GFPhi leukocytes were determined by multiplying the percentage of GFP+ or GFPhi cells by the total cell number. 
P < 0.05. 
P < 0.01. 
P < 0.001. 
Interacting cDNA clones Number of clones GenBank/EMBL/DDBJ accession no. 
Identified interactors with human integrin ? 5 subunit cytoplasmic domain by yeast two-hybrid screening. 
Six clones were identical to mPAK4. Five clones represented mouse myosin-X ( Yonezawa et al., 2000 ) and bodenin is the mouse version of human integrin cytoplasmic domain–associated protein (ICAP) ( Faisst and Gruss, 1998 ). Miz-1 is a Myc-interacting zinc finger protein ( Seoane et al., 2001 ). The other two clones have unknown functions. 
MMP Primer sequences PCR product size. 
Cells Construct EBs scored % of beating EBs. 
Percentage of beating EBs from Cripto ? / ? ES cells transfected with either wt or ca form of human Alk4 or zebrafish Taram-A receptors. 
Data are representative of at least two independent experiments. DE7 and DE14 are two independent Cripto?/? clones. 
Construct Protein EBs scored % of beating EBs. 
Percentage of beating EBs from transfected Cripto ? / ? ES cells. 
2-d-old EBs were treated with 10 ?g/ml of recombinant Cripto for 3 d. 
Cells Construct EBs scored % of beating EBs. 
Percentage of beating EBs from Cripto ? / ? ES cells transfected with either wt or Cripto mutant derivatives. 
Data are representative of at least two independent experiments. DE7 and DE14 are two independent Cripto?/? clones. 
Construct Protein EBs scored % of beating EBs. 
Percentage of beating EBs from Cripto ? / ? ES cells transfected with Nodal antagonists. 
2-d-old EBs were treated with 10 ?g/ml of recombinant Cripto for 3 d. 
Rin-induced neurites a NGF-induced neurites b. 
PC12 cells were stimulated with 50 ng/ml NGF for 2 d or were transfected with a Myc-tagged wild-type Rin protein vector and maintained for 2 d. Cells were fixed, immunostained with an anti-Myc antibody, and observed by microscopy. Means ± SEM are shown. 
n = 112. 
n = 108. 
Met phosphorylation  Cells Det ?HGF Det +HGF Att ?HGF Att +HGF Met level. 
Cell Attachment–mediated Phosphorylation of Met Occurs in Tumor Cells Overexpressing the Receptor. 
HUVEC, human umbilical vein endothelial cells. 
TJ proteins Structural features Function Known partners. 
Tight Junction Proteins. 
Exponent numbers indicate references: 1, Itoh et al. 1999 ; 2, Wittchen et al., 1999; 3, Lapierre et al., 1999; 4, Martin-Padura et al. 1998 ; 5, Cordenonsi et al., 1999; 6, Balda and Matter, 2000; 7, Yamamoto et al. 1997 ; 8, Woods and Bryant, 1991; 9, Bilder and Perrimon, 2000a; 10, Keon et al., 1996; 11, Joberty et al., 2000; 12, Lin et al., 2000; 13, Izumi et al. 1998 ; 14, Weber et al., 1994; 15, Zahraoui et al., 1994; 16, Marzesco et al. 1998 ; 17, Huber et al., 1993; 18, Ren et al. 1996 ; and 19, Grindstaff et al., 1998. 
TM, transmembrane. 
Protein Organ- ism Evidence Experimental Assay Observations Reference. 
Small G Proteins and Their Regulators Implicated in Cytokinesis. 
Gene symbol Time of peak expression ? (mRNA, min) Transcription complex/signaling pathway. 
IEGs and DEGs downstream of RTKs. 
Abbreviations: DEG, delayed-early gene; IEG, immediate-early gene; RTK, receptor tyrosine kinase. 
aHomologous to a retroviral oncogene. 
Molecular target Name of drug Description Cancer indication Approval status (year of first approval). 
Novel drugs targeting RTKs in human cancer. 
Abbreviations: CT, chemotherapy; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HER2, human EGFR 2; GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; mAb, monoclonal antibody; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor; RT, radiotherapy; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
  Signaling branching type Signaling convergence type   Increasing Decreasing Increasing Decreasing. 
Effects of the positive and negative signals on the oncogene-signaling flows. 
For each signaling flow type, we classified the units into two groups: activating group and inhibitory group. For each group, we compared the mutation frequencies of an upstream node with that of the downstream node. ‘Increasing' represents that the mutation frequency of a downstream node is higher than that of an upstream node, whereas ‘decreasing' represents that the mutation frequency of a downstream node is lower than that of an upstream node. Odds ratio was calculated by (increasing, activating group) × (decreasing, inhibitory group)/(increasing, inhibitory group)/(decreasing, activating group). P -value was calculated by Fisher's exact test. 
trol allele TNb score* S.E.M. 
TNb BrdU incorporation phenotype of trol mutants at 4–5 hours pm. 
* All scores significantly different from controls at p < 0.05. 
Cells Stimulation of BrdUincorporation by FGF1 Initial Morphology ALP* OC‡ Day 0 Day 5–8 Day 0 Day 5–8. 
Characterization of Osteoblast Clones. 
*Alkaline phosphatase (ALP) expression was determined by Northern analysis and by histochemical staining upon initial plating (day 0) and after 5–8 d of differentiation. 
‡Osteocalcin (OC) levels were assessed by Northern analysis upon initial plating (day 0) and after 5–8 d of differentiation. 
Peptide (100 ?M) Total no. injected cells at wound edge Total no. cells with polarized SFs Total no. cells in wound N. 
Inhibition of Actin SF Reorientation in Wild-type Cells by p190 Inhibitory Peptides. 
3T3 cells COS cells   hnRNP A1  SF2 hnRNP A1 SF2 hnRNP B1. 
Percentage of Cells Showing Cytoplasmic Staining for Endogenous hnRNP A1, SF2 and hnRNP B1 after Treatment with OSM and UV. 
NIH-3T3 and COS cells grown on coverslips were either left untreated or exposed to the indicated stress stimuli, and subsequently fixed and incubated with either the 4B10 antibody to detect endogenous hnRNP A1, the 103 antibody to detect endogenous SF2, or the 2B2 antibody to detect endogenous hnRNP B1. 
T. cruzi T. brucei L. major. 
Total numbers of protein phosphatases from each subfamily in T. cruzi , T. brucei and L. major . 
BR-BW BW-BR TR-BW BW-TR. 
Overall statistics based on the analysis of each library. 
Contig (BRbwC) Number of sequences per contig Putative identification on Blastx E-value GenBank accession number*. 
List of contigs with best E-values obtained for the BR-BW library sequences. 
Contig (BWbrC) Number of sequences per contig Putative identification on BlastX E-value GenBank accession number*. 
List of contigs with best E-values obtained for the BW-BR library sequences. 
Contig (TRbwC) Number of sequences per contig Putative identification on Blastx E-value GenBank accession number*. 
List of contigs with best E-values obtained on the TR-BW library sequences. 
Contig (BWtrC) Number of sequences per contig Putative identification on Blastx E-value GenBank accession number*. 
List of contigs with best E-values obtained for the BW-TR library sequences. 
Standard curve equation and efficiency (E) in the different tissues (calculated from one sample each time. 
Equations of the standard curves obtained by amplification from total cDNA samples of branchial plume, trophosome and body wall tissues. 
nd: not detected. 
For each sequential dilution, PCR reactions were performed in triplicates. PCR efficiencies calculated from the slope of each curve are given. 
Amplification of transcripts by classical PCR . 
Primers sequences used for the transcripts amplifications. 
*Primers designed by Primer Express software (ABI PRISM™). 
Affimetrix designation Entrez gene no. Fold Induction Gene Symbol Description. 
Genes induced or repressed in HeLa-IE63 cells compared with control cells (Hela-Inv). 
Affimetrix designation Entrez gene no. Fold Induction Gene Symbol Description. 
Genes induced or repressed in MeWo-IE63 cells compared with control cells (MeWo-Inv). 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Summary of the Human Disease Gene Survey in Drosophila. 
The 287 human disease genes are grouped according to disease classification, with genes that possess likely Drosophila homologues listed in the lefthand column and genes that lack apparent Drosophila homologues listed in the righthand column within each disease category. In most cases, the disease name is given, followed by the human gene abbreviation in parentheses, although some cancer genes are listed by gene name only due to their pleiotropic involvement in numerous cancers. Additional information about this survey, including the GenBank accession numbers, OMIM numbers, and BLAST E value scores for the human disease genes tested can be found in Rubin et al. 2000 and at http://www.sciencemag.org/feature/data/1049664t1.shl. Our current estimate of 178 out of 287 disease gene homologues in the fly genome differs slightly from the estimate of 177 out of 289 reported in Rubin et al. 2000 due to the deletion of two redundant entries in the initial survey (CDKN2C and P16-INK4A; see Fig. 1 of Rubin et al. 2000 ), and the transfer of the Von Hippel Lindau (VHL) gene into the homologue detected category. 
Cell debris Cytosol Membrane Membrane ins. 
Quantification of the Ezrin Content in the Different Pools. 
The amount of ezrin was quantified by Western blotting serially diluted fractions. Cells were mechanically cracked. Cell debris refers to the 600- g pellet that also contained nuclei and unbroken cells. The supernatant was then separated by a 100,000- g centrifugation into a cytosolic supernatant and a membrane-containing pellet. The pellet was extracted with a high salt Triton X-100 buffer. Membrane ins. refers to the 100,000- g pellet after its extraction (see Materials and Methods). Monomers and oligomers were separated by gel filtration chromatography and the corresponding fractions were pooled. These data are the means of two independent fractionations. 
0 min 60 min. 
Distance between Geometric Centers of the Cell and the Nucleus before and after Y-27632 Treatment. 
The distance between the geometric center of the cell and the nucleus was determined form time-lapse recording. Measurements were made form 11 control and 19 Y-27632–treated cells that were randomly selected, and the same cells were measured at 0 and 60 min. The distance in control cells including those treated with Y-27632 for 0 min was roughly 16 ?m, whereas it decreased to about 11 ?m in cells treated with Y-27632 for 1 h. This decrease was statistically significant ( P < 0.05). 
Nischarin Baits Histidineprototrophy ?-galpositivity. 
Summary of Yeast Two-Hybrid Interactions. 
The AMR 70 yeast strain, which is suitable for mating with the L40 strain, was transformed with pBTM ?5, pBTM ?2, pBTM ?v, pBTM lamin, or pBTM vector alone. These cells were mated with L40 cells that contained Nischarin-positive pVP16 library plasmids to yield diploids. Positive interactions were detected by ?-galactosidase assay and histidine prototrophy, whereas growth of only diploid cells was assured by use of selective media. 
Strain Speed Direction of change Roundness Directionality. 
DIAS Analysis of Chemotaxis. 
DIAS computer analysis was performed from digital time-lapse video differential interference contrast microscopy movies of the listed strains chemotaxing to cAMP. A 40× objective was used for the movies. 
Stimulator (cytokine produced)  OVA (40 ?g/ml)  Anti-CD3? (10 ?g/ml) IL-2  IFN-?  IL-4 IL-2  IFN-?  IL-4. 
Cytokine Production from Spleen Cells of Wild-type and H1R?/? Mice upon Stimulation with Antigen (OVA) or Anti-CD3? Antibody. 
Spleen cells were cultured in vitro with OVA (40 ?g/ml) or goat anti– mouse CD3? antibody (40 ?g/ml) for 3 d. The culture supernatants were used for detection of IL-2, IL-4, and IFN-? by quantitative ELISA.  . 
SH3N  SH2  Proline-rich interdomain  SH3C. 
Amino Acid Sequence Comparison among hGrpL, mGrpL, Grb2, and Grap. 
Numbers represent the percentage of identity between the different domains of the two proteins listed on the lefthand column.  . 
DNA binding domain hybrid  Activation domain hybrid  Growth on Leu? medium  Colony color. 
Identification of the COOH-terminal SH3 Domain of Grb2 As a Binding Partner of the Cytoplasmic Domain of TNFR-I Using the Yeast Two-Hybrid System. 
Yeast strains harboring constructs encoding fusion proteins of the DNA binding domain of lexA and various fragments encoding the cytoplasmic domain of TNFR-I (aa 206–345 and aa 206–426) were transfected with constructs coding for fusion proteins of the Grb2 COOH-terminal SH3 domain and the lexA-activating domain. Yeast strains transfected with pGBT9cTNFR-I (aa 205–426) were transformed with the vector containing the activation domain of Gal4 fused to the coding sequences for (top) truncated Grb2 (aa 113–217), (bottom) full length Grb2, or (bottom) the inactivating point mutations in the SH3/ SH2 domains or SH2 domain. The experiments summarized at top were performed using the lexA system, and the experiments described at bottom were performed using the Gal4 system.  . 
Clone name BCR Syk orZap-70 BLNK or SLP-76 LAT Gads orGrb2. 
Expression of BCR and Proteins in DT40 Clones. 
wt, wild-type. 
ZiF domain Amino acids Binding constant. 
Binding Constants of Raf and PKC Cys Domain for Retinol. 
Summary of binding constants. Recombinant Gst fusion proteins encompassing the indicated ZiF domains of cRaf and various PKC isoforms were obtained at >90% purity. Where no endogenous one existed, a trp residue (w) was engineered at the position indicated. Binding constants and SE covering at least four independent measurements were calculated from fluorescence quench curves of tryptophan emission as shown in Fig. 2 . Values obtained by fluorescence enhancement were in close agreement with values obtained by the trp quench method. 
Genotype n No. cells CD4?CD8? CD4+CD8+ SP CD4+ SP CD8+ CD4/CD8. 
Thymocyte Cell Populations. 
Upper line for each genotype indicates absolute cell numbers ± SD. Lower line indicates percentage of thymocytes in each compartment. 
WT rlk ?/? itk ?/? rlk ?/? itk ?/?. 
Altered Selection in AND TCR Transgenics. 
Total thymocyte numbers ×106. Cell numbers are representative of three to five experiments. Expt., experiment. 
HY females. 
Altered Selection in HY TCR Transgenics. 
Total thymocyte numbers ×106. Cell numbers are representative of three to five experiments. Expt., experiment. 
Donor cells Construct No. of BM recipients No. devoloping leukemia Mean onset (d) Range of onset (d). 
Onset of Notch1-induced Leukemia in Recipients of Rag-2? / ? versus Rag-2? / ? × TCR? Progenitors. 
The number in parentheses in the “mean onset” column indicate the length of time that these mice were followed. None of these mice developed a malignancy. 
Genotype Number of mast cells per mm2. 
Effects of Nf1 and Rac2 Genotypes on Cutaneous Mast Cell Numbers. 
Numbers of cutaneous mast cells were quantitated from ear biopsies. Results represent mean numbers of mast cells ± SEM from five animals in each genotype. 
Male Female Live pups  . 
Reproductive Frequency in gp130 Mutant Mice. 
b67 pups in total were cannibalized by their mothers before genotyping. 
?/?, ?/wt, and wt/wt refers to gp130?STAT/?STAT, gp130?STAT/wt, and gp130wt/wt mice, respectively. 
Age (d) 30 50 71 98 141 176. 
Clinical Assessment of Joint Stiffness in gp130?STAT/STAT Mice. 
Mice were clinically assessed and scores for joint movement were allocated as described in Materials and Methods. Each limb of mice in cohorts of gp130?STAT/?STAT and gp130?STAT/wt animals was assessed twice per week for restriction in wrist and ankle movement as illustrated in Fig. 4 c to f. Scores were allocated for: 0, no restriction; 1, moderate restriction; and 2, severe restriction, with 8 being the maximal score per mouse. None of the gp130?STAT/wt control mice scored positive at any time point. The table shows the results for selected time points of three representative gp130?STAT/?STAT mice and the average score per mouse in the mutant cohort (mean ± SD, n = 14). 
Percentage of cells within T cell subset Genotype Number of miceanalyzed Cell number CD4?CD8? CD4+CD8+ CD4+CD8? CD4?CD8+. 
Cell Number and Subset Distribution of Thymocytes. 
H-Y TCR+ Female H-Y TCR+ Male Genotype Cell number Number of mice analyzed Cell number Number of mice analyzed. 
Cell Number from H-Y TCR+ Female and Male Mice. 
Parameter +/+ a ?/? P value b. 
Hematological Parameters of Wild-type and Lnk-deficient Mice. 
WBC, white blood count; RBC, red blood count. 
Values represent the mean ± SD for 10 animals per determination per genotype. 
Statistical significance was determined using the Student's t test where *, P ? 0.05;. 
, P ? 0.005; NS, not significant. 
Total cells B cellsB220+ ErythroidTer119+ MegakaryocyteCD41+ MyeloidGr-1/Mac-1+. 
Cell Population in Wild-type and Lnk-deficient mice (in millions). 
The phenotype of each cell population was determined by flow cytometry. The numbers and percentage of each group of cells were determined for each mouse for at least three to five mice per genotype, and the mean and SD were calculated. 
P < 0.001. 
P < 0.005. 
P < 0.02. 
P < 0.05. 
Protein Accession number* Prot Param Observed Remarks MALDI-TOF-MS MS/MS Triton X-114 Endo Phago Peptides Coverage. 
Identified Phagosomal Proteins. 
(continues). 
(continues). 
(continues). 
Proteomic analysis of phagosome proteins. The 1- and 2-D gel methods combined allowed the identification of 116 phagosomal proteins directly from existing databases (including seven cargo molecules probably originating from the serum). In addition, 17 spots analyzed could not be matched to any entry in databases, while seven corresponded to ESTs (not shown), suggesting that they are novel proteins. 
*Whenever possible, the SWISS-PROT or TrEMBL accession numbers are listed. Otherwise, NCBI entries are used. MF, multiple forms. Observed pI values could not be evaluated for proteins identified by the 1-D gel method. 
‡MPS1 coverage is only NH2 terminal, and when this region is considered alone, the match percentage is very satisfactory; MALDI-TOF-MS, peptides, ratio of peptides that matched the expected mass of the theoretical trypsin digests. Coverage, percentage of the full-length sequence covered by the matching peptides; MS/MS, proteins further identified my MS/MS; Triton X-114, proteins that were identified from the detergent phase samples; Endo/phago, proteins previously reported to be present in endosomal/phagosomal compartments. 
Phagosome age  30?/0? 1 h/1 h 1 h/6 h 1 h/24 h. 
Sequential Acquisition of Hydrolases. 
Sequential acquisition of hydrolases during phagosome maturation. Each identified hydrolase was monitored by 2-D gel electrophoresis after isolation of latex bead–containing phagosomes at different time points during phagolysosome biogenesis. The level of each protein was evaluated by measuring the density of the spots and their surface using PD-Quest. The results clearly indicate that phagolysosome biogenesis is characterized by the sequential acquisition of hydrolases. Note that some hydrolases, such as LAP and napsin, could not be listed here, as they were only identified by the 1-D gel method. 
Genes Array experiment  Real-time experiment  Name Symbol Th2 Mean ± SD Patient Mean ± SD Ratio P value a Th2 Mean ± SD Patient Mean ± SD Ratio P value a. 
Verification of Array Using Quantitative Real-time PCR. 
Determined by Student's t test. 
Colony formation assay Plating efficiency of stable NIH-3T3–derived cell lines Vector Colony number (SD) Cell line Inoculated cells Colony number (SD). 
NIH-3T3 cells were infected with pMX or pMX-core viruses and then transfected with WT-STAT3, STAT3-C, or v-src . Transfected cells (106) were plated in soft agar. 3 wk later, the colony number was determined. Results shown are the mean ± SD of 3–8 experiments. The plating efficiency of representative cell lines derived from soft agar or retrovirus infection (NIH-3T3-core) or clones selected in G418 (WT-STAT3) was determined by plating the indicated number of cells into soft agar and counting the colonies after 10 d. 
Cell line Tumor size (cm) cm3. 
Tumors in Nude Mice. 
Cells (106) from NIH-3T3, v-src , STAT3-C, and WT-STAT3/core cell lines were injected into the flank of athymic nude mice. Each cell line was determined in 2–3 different mice. Tumor size was determined 3 wk after injection. ND, not detected. 
Protein name and binding site position Csk binding sequence Reference. 
Comparison of Published Csk Binding Sequences. 
Critical tyrosines are bolded, other amino acids participating in the putative consensus motif are underlined. 
Total Newly formed T1 T2 Follicular MZ. 
B Lymphocyte Populations in Vav-null Mice. 
Cells from spleens of WT and Vav1/2/3ko (Vav-null) mice were counted and stained for cell surface expression of B220, IgM, IgD, CD23, and CD21/35, as shown in Fig. 3 A, and analyzed by flow cytometry. Numbers of indicated populations are shown for newly formed (NF or B220+CD21?CD23?), transitional 1 (T1 or B220+CD21loIgMhiIgDlo), transitional 2 (T2 or B220+CD21hiIgMhiIgDhi), follicular (FO or B220+CD21intCD23hiIgMloIgDhi), and marginal zone (MZ or B220+CD21hiCD23lo) cells. Data are presented as means ± SDs and represent multiples of 106 cells ( n = 3). Total cells were counted by gating live lymphoid cells. 
Genotype No.mice No. total BM × 10?6 Percent B220+ Percent B220+ CD43+CD22lo/? Percent B220+ CD43intCD22int Percent B220+ CD43? IgM?CD22lo Percent B220+ IgM+CD22hi. 
Phenotypic Analysis of B220+ Bone Marrow Populations in Nontransgenic and Blk(Y495F) Transgenic Mice. 
B220+ lymphocyte populations were identified by flow cytometry as described in Materials and Methods and Fig. 1 A. Bone marrow samples were collected from 3–5-wk-old mice in littermate groups. Percentages are defined according to a lymphocyte gate in which 12,000 events were acquired for each mouse. Total cellularity is derived from the number of gated events. Mean values ± SEM are given. 
Retinoid nuclear receptors  Ligands RAR?AF2 RAR?AF2 RAR?AF2 RXRAF2 (RXR)2DR1 RAR?-RXRDR5 References. 
Functional Characteristics of Retinoids. 
Transcriptional activities of retinoids used in this study have been previously determined using reporter cells for the AF2 functions of RARs (?, ?, or ?), and RXRs, whereas RXR? homodimer [(RXR)2] activity on a DR1-tk-CAT reporter gene and RAR?-RXR? heterodimer activity on a DR5-tk-CAT reporter gene were determined by transient transfections (references 26-29 and unpublished data). +, agonist; (+), weak agonist; ?, antagonist; 0, absence of agonist and antagonist activities. 
May in some instances synergize with an RXR agonist (reference 28). 
0 Rol1 ?M tRA1 ?M BMS7531 ?M BMS753 100 nM + SR11237 100 nM. 
Inhibition of Retinoid-induced Apoptosis by RAR Antagonists, Caspase Inhibitor, TNF?, and CD40L. 
Day 6 immature LC-type DCs were cultured for 48 h with natural and synthetic retinoids or vehicle (ethanol, EtOH), caspase inhibitor Z-Vad-fmk, or TNF? as indicated. Mean (± SD) percentage of apoptotic (<2N) particles of 3–10 experiments on different donors as determined by flow cytometry of PI-stained nuclei is represented. 
Coculture of LCs with 25% irradiated CD40L transfected L cells. 
Bold, P < 0.01 to < 0.001. 
BMS ligands a  EtOH Rol tRA 9cRA 753 453 641 961 SR11237 614 493. 
Rol-induced Apoptosis of LC-type DCs Is Mediated via RAR?-RXR Heterodimers. 
Mean (± SD) percentage of apoptotic (<2N) particles after 2 d of culture in the presence of retinoids as determined by flow cytometry of PI-stained nuclei. 
Selective RAR? and RAR? agonists (refer to Table I ). 
SR11237 100 nM + BMS ligands a  753 453 641 614 493 961. 
Rol-induced Apoptosis of LC-type DCs: Synergistic Effect between a pan-RXR Agonist (SR11237) and Selective RAR? and RAR? Agonists. 
Mean (± SD) percentage of apoptotic (<2N) particles after 2 d of culture in the presence of retinoids as determined by flow cytometry of PI-stained nuclei. 
Selective RAR? and RAR? agonists (refer to Table I ). 
CD4+ T cells CD8+ T cells PBS-treated SEA-treated PBS-treated SEA-treated. 
Cytokine Secretion by Purified T Cell Populations from SEA-treated versus PBS-treated B10.A TCR–Cyt 5C.C7-1 Rag-2?/? Mice. 
FACS®-sorted CD4+ or CD8+ T cells were stimulated for 48 h in the presence of PCC 81–104 peptide plus APCs. The supernatants were then removed and measured for cytokine production by bioassay (for determination of units/milliliter IL-2) or ELISA. Data are representative of three separate experiments. n.d., not detectable. 
Cytokines added Experiment 1 Experiment 2. 
Effect of IL-10 and TGF-? on IL-2 Production by Stimulated Naive Spleen Cells. 
All cultures contained 105 naive spleen cells plus 5 × 105 T-depleted spleen cells (APCs), stimulated with 1 ?M PCC peptide for 48 h at 37°C. IL-2 was measured by bioassay (CTL-L). Data shown are from two out of three separate experiments. 
Gene  Primers Probe. 
Sequences of PCR Primers. 
MCL-1, myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1; IAP, inhibitor of apoptosis protein. 
Cell line Receptor type K d (mean, n = 3) Sites/cell (matched). 
Scatchard Analysis of Clones Expressing Wild-type (WT) and P206H Mutant (mAR) G-CSF-Rs. 
COX-dependent COX-independent COX dependence unclear. 
Mechanisms Influenced by NSAIDS That May Contribute to Their Antineoplastic Effects. 
The table shows the cellular or molecular mechanisms influenced by NSAIDs that may contribute to their antineoplastic effects, classified in relation to their dependence on inhibition of cyclooxygenase catalytic activity. 
Type of rearrangement V(D)J/DJ V(D)J/V(D)J V(D)J+/V(D)J+ V(D)J+/V(D)J?. 
Number of CD25 + 44 ? Thymocytes from SLP-76 ?/? Mice According to the Type of Rearrangements on Both TCR-? Alleles. 
3? V? N region 5? J? V?/J?. 
Junctional Sequences of SLP-76?/?CD25+44? Thymocytes Bearing Two Productive TCR-? Alleles. 
Code Rearrangement Code Rearrangement. 
Characterization of TCR-? Rearrangements on Both Alleles of CD25+CD44? Thymocytes Obtained from SLP-76?/? Mice. 
Bait Screened clones Positive clones Typical false positive MP1. 
Summary of Two-Hybrid Screen for p14 Interaction Partners. 
Cell line (Transfectant or treatment) Vav plasma membrane localization Ag: ? +. 
Vav Plasma Membrane Localization Is Syk Dependent. 
Peptides Activity Helix State K d. 
Sequence and Structure–Function Analysis of p1–30. 
Amino acid sequence (top) of IL-2 and p1–30. Location of ? helices (A–D) is indicated by a box, and the critical region for binding to IL-2R? is shaded. 
NT, not tested (p10–20 induced strong cellular aggregation). 
Position of peptide in the polypeptide chain Measured masses [M+H]+ Calculated masses [M+H]+. 
Tryptic Peptides Identified by Mass Spectrometry. 
The six peptides and their derivatives shown in the table fit unequivocally to the WBSCR5 gene product (AAF74978) and covered 30% of its predicted sequence. 
Carbamidomethylation of cysteine (due to iodoacetamide present in the lysis buffer). 
Mono-oxidation of methionine. 
Di-oxidation of methione. 
Amino acid sequence at a specific position  ?1 domain ?2 domain HLA-A2 subtype 9 43 95 149 152 156. 
Summary of Amino Acid Sequencesat Polymorphic HLA-A2 Positions. 
Tumor incidence *   Phenotype ‡  Tumor  Expt no.  Nude mice  Normal mice §  Reisolate phenotype. 
Growth In Vivo of Uncloned 8101 Tumor and 8101 Tumor Clones. 
Number of mice with progressively growing tumors per number challenged. Mice were followed for at least 4 wk, or until they became moribund at which point they were killed.  . 
The phenotype, A+ or B+ is defined by the recognition of the tumor cells in vitro by an anti-A CTL clone or anti-B CTL clone. The phenotype A? is defined by the lack of recognition of the reisolated tumor cells in vitro by an anti-A CTL clone.  . 
C57BL/6 mice were injected subcutaneously with C57BL/6 nude mouse tumor fragments using a trocar, except in experiment 1 (8101-PAR), where (B6C3) F1 mice were injected with the tumor fragments from a C3H/HeN nude mouse. Nude mice were always injected last as viability control. In experiment 1, mice were injected with 10 × 1 mm3 fragments. In experiment 2 and 3 mice were injected with 3 × 1 mm3 fragments. NA, not applicable. ND, not done.  . 
Type  Onset  Form of the signal over time. 
Types of Calcium Signals. 
Four general types of calcium signals are observed according to the number of rapid rises from baseline, onset , and the form of the calcium signal after the initial rise, form of the signal over time . Corresponding single cell calcium traces are shown in Fig. 2 .  . 
Peptide  Acid release  Calcium signal (percentage/quality/onset)  Proliferation 10 ?M  10 nM 25 ?M  25 nM 10 ?M  10 nM. 
Comparison of Calcium Data with Other Biological Assays. 
The proliferation and acidification data are taken from Rabinowitz et al. ( 36 ) and are compared with the calcium data of this study. Peptides are given in the first column. In the bottom part of the table where two peptides are given, the first has been diluted into the second 1:1,000. + anti CD4 denotes the presence of 100 ng/ml of the anti-CD4 antibody GK1.5. Peptides have been used at the concentration that is indicated at the top of each column. The small peptide concentration in the second calcium data column has been achieved by a 1:1,000 dilution of the peptides into the neutral peptide, resulting in 25 nM concentration. For the acidification and proliferation assays, a plus signifies a strong response, plus/minus signifies weak response, and minus signifies no detectable response. For the calcium assays three readouts are compiled: percentage signifies the percentage of responding cells: 100% signifies virtually all cells respond, 0% signifies no responders. Quality indicates the types of calcium signal: <10% reduced or nil signals are seen or >10% of reduced or nil signals, as indicated by full or reduced. Onset gives the onset time of the calcium signal: >50% of the cells activate within the first 4 min or not, as indicated by immediate versus delayed. . 
Protein Interacting protein(s). 
Summary of protein–protein interactions detected in two-hybrid screens (Continued). 
A total of 191 reproducible two-hybrid interactions involving 110 proteins were detected. Proteins are listed in alphabetical order. Each pairwise interaction appears twice in the table, once under the bait protein and once under the interacting prey protein. Entries in the second column are noted as BD (binding domain) or AD (activation domain) to signify the direction of the two-hybrid interaction. 
Interactions not previously identified. 
Protein Null mutant phenotype Two-hybrid interactions Homologues a YFP fusion location Figure. 
Proteins are listed in the order in which they are discussed in the text. Percentages refer to amino acid identity between homologues. 
Information on homologues from other species is taken from the Yeast Proteome Database at http://www.proteome.com . 
Information on these phenotypes of null mutants is taken from Winzeler et al. (1999) . 
Information on these phenotypes of null mutants is taken from Rieger et al. (1999) . 
Epitope c8 somite c9 somite c10 somites c11 somites rE14.5 NRC. 
Developmental distribution of obscurin epitopes in developing chicken and mammalian hearts. Z, Z-disk; M, M-band; –, not detectable; c8-c11, chicken somite stages; rE14.5, rat gestation day 14.5; NRC, neonatal rat cardiomyocytes. 
Kb binding peptides  UC50  CC50  IC50. 
MHC Class I Kb-binding, Peptide Competition, and TAP-dependent Transport of Seven wt p53 Peptides. 
Seven wt p53-derived were characterized in an MHC class I binding assay (column 1; reference 42 ), peptide competition cytotoxicity assay (column 2; reference 41 ), and TAP-dependent translocation assay (column 3; reference 44 ). ( UC 50 ) Peptide concentration resulting in 50% of the maximal upregulation of H-2Kb in the presence of the known H-2Kb-binding peptide Sendai virus NP 324–332 ( 61 ). ( CC 50 ) Peptide concentration that inhibits 50% of the maximal lysis by CTL clone BTM recognizing the reference peptide KSPWFTTL derived from the MCF1233 virus ( 39 ). ( IC 50 ) Concentration of competitor peptide that decreased the maximal amount of recovered glycosylated reporter peptide by 50% ( 44 , 45 ). Indicated in bold are so-called anchor residues in the H-2Kb–binding motif described by Falk et al. ( 49 ).  . 
Tumor incidence Tumor dose  Control clone 9.5  wt p53-specific CTL clone 1H11. 
Winn Type Tumor Neutralization by wt p53-specific CTL Clone 1H11. 
Immunocompetent B6 mice were simultaneously injected intraperitoneally with 5D (p53/N-ras) tumor cells at various doses and a control clone 9.5 (2 × 107) recognizing the HPV16 E7–derived epitope RAHYNIVTF or the wt p53-specific CTL clone 1H11 (2 × 107). On the day of treatment and 7 d later, a subcutaneous injection of 6 × 105 IU r IL-2 (Cetus Corp.) in 50% IFA was given.  . 
Percentages ± SEM of positive cells per total cells Cell subset  129/J  SEK1+/+  SEK1?/?  RAG2?/?. 
T and B Cell Subpopulations in SEK1?/? Chimeric Mice. 
Cells from thymi, mesenteric lymph nodes, spleens, and bone marrow (one femur) from 129/J ( n = 6), SEK1+/+ chimeric ( n = 3), SEK1?/? chimeric ( n = 6), and RAG2?/? ( n = 5) mice were stained with the indicated Abs and populations determined using a FACScan®. Total cell numbers (× 106 ± SEM) were: 129J: thymus, 80 ± 6.3; LN, 24 ± 2.2; spleen, 21± 3.4; BM, 7.8 ± 0.7; SEK1+/+: thymus, 85 ± 10.1; LN, 22 ± 4.6; spleen, 32 ± 3.14; BM, 8.6 ± 2.5; SEK1?/?: thymus, 14 ± 4.1; LN, 29 ± 4.2; spleen 27 ± 5.3; BM, 10.6 ± 0.4; RAG2?/?: thymus, 1.1 ± 0.2; LN, 0.7± 0.2; spleen, 8.3 ± 1.6; BM 9.2 ± 0.9 (reference 23 ). Bold numbers indicate, statistically significant differences between 129/J or SEK1+/+ and SEK1?/? subpopulations (Student's t test P <0.05).  . 
Titers of neutralizing activities (? log 2) *   Day 4  Day8  Day12 Genotype  IgM  IgG  IgG  IgG. 
Neutralizing Anti-VSV Response in SEK1?/? and CD28?/? Mice. 
?Sera were isolated from mice after intravenous infection with VSV (2 × 106 PFU). Neutralizing IgM and IgG titers were determined as described in Materials and Methods. Titers represent twofold dilution steps of sera starting with 1:40.  . 
No. of germinal centers * Genotype  PNA+  VSV specific. 
Quantification of Germinal Centers in SEK1?/? and CD28?/? Mice. 
?The mean germinal center numbers (± SD) per section were determined on at least eight different spleen section levels from two individual mice/group. PNA-positive and VSV-specific germinal centers were visualized as described in Materials and Methods.  . 
I?B??/??  p100?/?. 
Comparison of the Phenotype between I?B??/? and p100?/? Mice. 
?Phenotype ovserved in I?B??/? mice has been described previously ( 58 , 65 ).  . 
ZO-1 staining Small ring structure Cells expressing detectable levels of ectopic aPKCs Completely disappeared Fragmentary Complete. 
Correlation between the Expression Level of Ectopic Proteins and the Severity of ZO-1 Mislocalization. 
NF-L–Cre; Stat3flox/wt NF-L–Cre; Stat3flox/KO  Mean SEM n Mean SEM n. 
NF-L–Cre; Stat3 flox/KO mice do not display significant motoneuron loss compared to NF-L–Cre; Stat3 flox/wt littermates. 
Number of motoneurons per side. 
NF-L–Cre; Stat3flox/wt NF-L–Cre; Stat3flox/KO  Mean SEM n Mean SEM n. 
1-yr-old NF-L–Cre; Stat3 flox/KO mice do not show impaired motor function or weight loss compared with their NF-L–Cre; Stat3 flox/wt littermates. 
Rounds in a running wheel within 7 d. 
Not significant by Mann-Whitney U test. 
NF-L–Cre; Stat3flox/wt NF-L–Cre; Stat3flox/KO. 
ROK? regions bound ROK? regions bound. 
Y190 yeast were transformed with combinations of plasmids expressing Gal4 DNA binding domain–GTP binding protein and Gal4 activation domain–ROK? or ROK? fragments. The letters refer to the diagrammatic representation of the various ROK fragments shown in Fig. 1 . At least three independent transformants were assayed in each case. Interactions were considered positive if growth occurred after 3 d at 30°C on selective medium lacking histidine and containing at least 2 mM aminotriazole, and if a blue color was observed within 5 min of initiating an in situ ?-galactosidase assay. 
Gem core Rad ?c Rho Q63L. 
Y190 yeast were transformed with combinations of plasmids expressing Gal4 DNA binding domain–GTP binding protein and Gal4 activation domain–ROK? fragments. ROK? (787–976) is adjacent to but does not include the p21 binding domain. ROK? (907–1027) contains the previously defined p21 binding domain. At least three independent transformants were assayed in each case. Interactions were considered positive if growth occurred after 3 d at 30°C on selective medium lacking histidine and containing at least 2 mM aminotriazole and if a blue color was observed within 5 min of initiating an in situ ?-galactosidase assay. 
Inhibitor ?uPA +uPA. 
RLC Serine-phosphorylation in uPA-treated MCF-7 Cells (% of Controls). 
Transfectants Inhibitors Cell migration (% of control). 
The Effects of MLCK Inhibitors on ?V?3-mediated Cellular Migration. 
Clinicopathologic factors Number of sample. 
Patient characteristics. 
BNG, Black's nuclear grade; ER, estrogen receptor; PR, progesterone receptor. 
Gene Number of cases studied Methylation level (mean ± SD) (Positive rate*)      Normal Cancer p value**. 
Methylation levels of 15 genes from pairs of normal and malignant breast tissues. 
*Positive rate using the sample mean plus two times the SD of the pooled normal samples (and minimum 10% methylation) as a cut-off point. 
** p value computed using the Wilcoxon signed rank test for paired data. SD, standard deviation. 
Single gene model   Two-panels model  . 
Fitted multivariate logistic models for ER, PR, and HR expression. 
CI, confidence interval; ER, estrogen receptor; HR, hormone receptor; PR, progesterone receptor. 
Univariate analysis of clinical variables by HIN-1 / RASSF1A and RIL / CDH13 panels, according to Fisher's exact test. 
BNG, Black's nuclear grade; ER, estrogen receptor; HR, hormone receptor; PR, progesterone receptor. 
Protein name Swiss Nr Protein name Swiss Nr. 
Proteins detected by both PowerBlot and Kinexus systems. 
Name Protein mRNA. 
Signal pathways that may be active in hESCs. 
Protein expression level: > 10,000: ++++; 5,000–10,000: +++; 1,000–5,000:++; 100–1,000: + mRNA gene expression level: > 5,000:++++; 1,000–5,000: +++; 100–1,000: ++; 30–100: +. 
*: not included in the gene expression array. 
Stage AM+/+ a AM+/? AM?/? Total No. 
Genotypes of Embryos from Timed Pregnancies. 
AM, Anamorsin. 
Number of embryos absorbed in uterus. 
Number of dead babies. 
Patient ID  1 2 3 4 5 6. 
Clinical Parameters of HIV-1–infected, Statin-treated Patients. 
Intravenous drug use. 
Hepatitis C virus. 
Viral load is expressed as HIV-1 RNA copies/ml. 
Measurements after 3 mo without treatment. 
Strain  Relevant characteristics  Reference. 
Y. enterocolitica Strains Used in this Study. 
Stimulation  TNF-? production *  Percent apoptotic cells ‡. 
Wild-type Y. enterocoliticia Inhibits the TNF-? Production and Triggers Apoptosis in Murine Peritoneal Macrophages. 
?The TNF-? activity in the cell culture supernatant (dilution 1:25) was measured 150 min after the onset of stimulation using a cytotoxic assay performed with the TNF-?–sensitive fibroblast cell line L929.  . 
?Apoptosis was assayed 4 h after onset of stimulation by staining the cells with fluorescein-conjugated annexin V and propidium iodide, and counting apoptotic cells in a fluorescence microscope.  . 
Stimulation *  Percent apoptotic cells ‡  TNF-? production § ?MG-132  +MG-132 ?MG-132  +MG-132. 
Pretreatment with the Proteasome Inhibitor MG-132 Triggers Apoptosis and Suppresses the TNF-? Production in J774A.1 Macrophages Stimulated by LPS or Virulence Plasmid–cured Y. enterocolitica (WA-C). 
?J774A.1 cells remained unstimulated or were treated with either LPS, virulence plasmid–cured yersiniae (WA-C), or wild-type yersiniae (WA-314) under conditions with or without pretreatment with the proteasome inhibitor MG-132 (10 ?M).  . 
?Apoptosis was assayed 4 h after onset of stimulation by staining the cells with fluorescein-conjugated annexin V and propidium iodide, and counting apoptotic cells in a fluorescence microscope.  . 
?The TNF-? activity in the cell culture supernatant (dilution 1:40) was measured 150 min after the onset of stimulation, using a cytotoxic assay performed with the TNF-?–sensitive fibroblast cell line L929.  . 
Pretreatment *  Percent apoptotic cells ‡ ?TNF-?  +TNF-?. 
TNF-? Triggers Apoptosis of Epithelial HeLa Cells after Pretreatment with Wild-type Y. enterocolitica or the Proteasome Inhibitor MG-132. 
?HeLa cells were either not pretreated, or pretreated for 90 min with virulence plasmid–cured yersiniae (WA-C), with wild-type yersiniae (WA-314), or with the proteasome inhibitor MG-132 (10 ?M). Thereafter, half of the samples were challenged with human TNF-? (20 ?g/ml).  . 
?Apoptosis was assayed 6 h after onset of stimulation with TNF-? by staining the cells with fluorescein-conjugated annexin V and propidium iodide, and counting apoptotic cells in a fluorescence microscope.  . 
Pretreatment *  TNF-? production ‡ No bacteria  WA-C. 
Inhibitors of p38 (SB203580) and MEK1 (PD098059) Cumulatively Inhibit the TNF-? Production of J774A.1 Macrophages Stimulated with Virulence Plasmid–cured Y. enterocolitica (WA-C). 
?J774A.1 cells were either not pretreated or pretreated for 30 min with the compounds SB203580 (10 ?M), PD098059 (50 ?M), or the two compounds together. Thereafter, half of the samples were challenged by the addition of virulence plasmid–cured yersiniae (WA-C).  . 
?The TNF-? activity in the cell culture supernatant (dilution 1:120) was measured 4 h after the onset of infection with strain WA-C, using a cytotoxic assay performed with the TNF-?–sensitive fibroblast cell line L929.  . 
Origin of cells  Specific activity (arbitrary units) +/+  ?/?. 
Relative Specific Activity of CD45 PTP. 
CD45 was isolated from equal numbers of cells obtained from thymus and spleen of CD45-AP–null (?/?) or wild-type (+/+) mice. A portion of the CD45 preparation was used for PTP activity assay with Raytide as a substrate and another portion was analyzed by immunoblotting with anti-CD45 Ab. Specific activity (arbitrary units) was obtained by dividing PTP activity by the amount of CD45. Data are expressed as an arithmetic mean ± SD.  . 
Cytokine  Genotype ?/?  +/?  +/+. 
Maximal CFU-GM/5 × 102 Sca1+/lin?/dim in Response to Cytokine Stimulation. 
The colonies enumerated from each respective genotype after stimulation with cytokines that yielded maximum colony activity. (See Fig. 2 ). Results are expressed as mean ± SE. All data represent analysis from four independent experiments.  . 
Ship+/?Rag?/?  Ship?/?Rag?/?. 
T and B Cell Subpopulations in Ship?/?Rag?/? Chimeric Mice. 
Cells from Ship+/? ( n = 5) and Ship?/? ( n = 7) chimeric mice were stained with the indicated antibodies, and populations were determined using a FACScan®. Bold numbers , Statistically significant differences between Ship+/? and Ship?/? subpopulations.  . 
Cells/femur ×107 B220+/CD43+ ×106 Fraction A ×106 Fraction B ×106 Fraction C ×106 B220+/CD43? ×106 Fraction D ×106 Fraction E ×106 Fraction F ×106. 
Total Number of B Cell Progenitors in the Bone Marrow of KitY567F/Y567F and Control Mice. 
Total thymocytes ×107 Lineage negative ×106 TN1 ×106 TN2 ×106 TN3 ×106 TN4 ×106. 
Total Number of T Cell Progenitors for Each Subset in the Thymus of KitY567F/Y567F and Control Mice. 
Cells/femur ×107 B220+/CD43+ ×106 Fraction A ×106 Fraction B ×106 Fraction C ×106 B220+/CD43? ×106 Fraction D ×106 Fraction E ×106 Fraction F ×106. 
Total Number of B Cell Progenitors for Each Subset in the Bone Marrow of Normal Mice Treated for 7 d with STI571. 
Genotype Age Skin mast cells Peritoneal mast cells (% of total peritoneal cells). 
Number of Mast Cells in the Skin and Peritoneum of KitY719F/Y719F and KitY567F/Y567F Mice. 
Values taken from reference 18 . 
Line Genotype WT Lnk Fold increase a. 
CD41+ Megakaryocytes from the BM and Spleens of WT and Lnk Nullizygous Mice. 
8–16-wk-old mice were used to isolate BM and spleen cells. Total BM and spleen cell numbers (mean ± SD) were enumerated by hemoctocytometer counting. Percentages of CD41+ cells (mean ± SD) were determined by flow cytometry. The numbers of CD41+ megakaryocytes with 8N and greater ploidy were determined by flow cytometry. 
Student's t test was performed, and the p-values from each group are shown. 
Immunophenotype  T-ALL no. CD1 CD2 CD3 CD4 CD5 CD7 CD8 CD10 CD14 CD19 CD33 CD34 CD56 Maturation stage. 
Immunophenotype and Classification of T-ALL Patients. 
T cell maturation stages of primary samples were defined as described previously (reference 24 ). Stage II, pre–T-ALL; stage III, cortical T-ALL. 
Precursors Differentiation potential Experiment Wild type IL-7? / ?. 
Frequency of progenitors from adult mice able to give rise to B, T, or NK cells. 
Cell populations were purified from the BM of adult wild-type or IL-7?/? mice. The frequency of B cell precursors was determined by culture in limiting dilution on OP-9 stromal cells supplemented with cytokines. The frequency of T and NK precursors was determined in FTOCs. The results are representative of at least three independent experiments. 
Statistically different, P < 0.001. In all experiments, the frequency of myeloid precursors, as determined by the detection of CD11b+ cells, was <1/600. 
Differentiation potential Experiment Wild type IL-7? / ?. 
Frequency of CLPs from 4-wk-old mice able to give rise to B, T, or NK cells. 
CLPs were purified from the BM of young wild-type or IL-7?/? mice. The frequency of B cell precursors was determined by culture in limiting dilution on OP-9 stromal cells supplemented with cytokines, and the frequency of T and NK precursors was determined in FTOCs. 
Statistically different, P < 0.001. The frequency of myeloid precursors, as determined by the detection of CD11b+ cells, was <1/190. 
Genotype  Transgene  Long-term pre-BI cell growth/mouse. 
Long-term Proliferation of Pax5-deficient Pre-BI Cells Despite the Expression of Ig? Transgenes. 
Bone marrow cells of Pax5 (?/?) mice or fetal liver cells of RAG2 mutant embryos were plated under limiting dilution conditions in the presence of IL-7 and stromal ST2 cells. Pre-BI cell colonies were subsequently pooled, and their long-term proliferation potential was assessed after 1 mo of in vitro culture. Bone marrow instead of fetal liver had to be used as a source of B lymphoid progenitors for culturing Pax5-deficient pre-BI cells, as Pax5 is required for B lineage commitment in the fetal liver ( 24 ).  . 
wt  Btk ?/?  Lyn ?/?  Btk ?/? Lyn ?/?. 
Reduced Numbers of Peripheral B Cells in Btk?/?lyn?/? Mice. 
Single cell suspensions of spleen, bone marrow, or peritoneal cells from 8-wk-old mice were depleted of red blood cells and stained with the following combinations of antibodies: bone marrow, anti-IgM FITC versus anti-B220 PE; spleen, anti-IgM FITC versus anti-B220 PE, anti-Thy-1.2 FITC versus anti-B220 PE, anti-CD8 FITC versus anti-CD4 PE, and anti-Mac1 FITC versus anti-Gr-1 PE; peritoneum, anti-CD5 FITC versus anti-B220 PE. Live cells were gated based on forward and side scatter. The frequency and absolute number of B (B220+), T (Thy-1.2+ or CD4+ and CD8+), and myeloid (Mac1+ and/or Gr1+) cells are indicated for spleen. The frequency of proB and preB cells (B220+IgM?), immature B cells (B220intIgM+), and recirculating B cells (B220hiIgM+) in bone marrow is shown. The frequency of CD5? and CD5+ B cells in the peritoneum was determined for cells in a lymphoid gate. Data are presented as mean ± SD ( n = 6).  . 
wt  Btk ?/?  Lyn ? /?  Btk ?/? Lyn ?/?. 
Autoimmunity in lyn?/? Mice Is Btk Dependent. 
Mice were 16–20-wk-old at the time of analysis.  . 
?Number of mice positive for antibodies against nuclear antigens/total mice tested by immunofluorescence.  . 
?Antibodies against dsDNA were measured by ELISA assay. OD450 values are shown as mean ± SEM. Triplicate samples were measured for each mouse, with the number of individual mice per group as follows: wild-type, 7; Btk ?/?, 5; lyn ?/?, 6; Btk ?/? lyn ?/?, 7.  . 
SHIP+/+ SHIP?/?. 
Representation of Splenic B Cell Subpopulations from SHIP+/+ and SHIP?/? Mice. 
Single cell suspensions were prepared from the spleens of 7-wk-old mice, labeled with the indicated antibodies, and analyzed by FACS®. The data are the mean of the number of cells (in millions) ± SD of three individual mice analyzed. MZ, marginal zone. 
24 h 48 h 72 h. 
ECs were transfected with control or PHB1 RNAi, cells were stained with propidium iodide, and the cell cycle was analyzed via FACS analysis after the indicated time points. n = 3. 
Significance of STRE and PDS Enrichment in Genes Upregulated under Extreme CR. 
Cells Tumor type meth CpG. 
Percentage of methylated CpG in various normal and tumor cell lines. Sequence analysis was performed after bisulfite treatment. 
Patients Tissue meth CpG. 
Percentage of methylated CpG in tumor vs. normal tissue. Sequence analysis was performed after bisulfite treatment. 
Data Collection SOCS4-ElonginC-ElonginB. 
Crystallographic Data and Refinement Statistics. 
Outer shell 2.65–2.55 Å. 
Using randomly selected 5% of data. 
Peptide KD (?M) KB × 105 (M?1) ? H obs (kcal/mol) T ? S (kcal/mol) ? G (kcal/mol) N a. 
ITC Binding Data for Phosphotyrosine Peptides. 
Stoichiometry and curve fitting errors determined from a single binding site model with the Microcal Origin software. 
Bullock et al., 2006 . 
Note the human numbering differs from murine gp130 pY757. The preferred substrate peptide is shown in bold. ITC binding curves for these data are shown in Figure S1 . 
Neurotrophin Site of synthesis Transported to (neuronal population) Transport Function. 
Axonal transport and function of NFT. 
HDB, horizontal limb of diagonal band of Broca; MS, medial septum; sum, supramammilary nucleus; TH, tyrosine hydroxylase; VDB, vertical limb of diagonal band of Broca. 
Treatment Cell Line Mean Tocopherol Concentration (pmole/well) N Standard Error of Mean. 
SW480 intracellular tocopherol concentrations (pmoles/well) after 24 hour treatments with 5 or 10 ?M tocopherols as determined by HPLC analysis. The result is an average of three trials and the Standard Error of the Mean (SEM) is reported. ?-Tocopherol incorporates into the SW 480 cells at levels up to 20-fold that of ?-tocopherol at the same treatment concentration. 
. 
Effects of Receptor Expression and Activation on Kv1.3 Protein Expression. 
Relative density units . 
Frequent abnormalities. 
The most frequent genomic abnormalities of NPC. 
Stage Number of litters analyzed Number of animals obtained Genotype (%)    +/+ +/F78A F78A/F78A. 
E, embryonic day. 
Candidate binding factor for TRE TRE consensus sequence Counts p-value. 
TREs enriched in Socs3 h-KO mice 18 h after PH. 
Enriched TREs (biologically relevant transcription factor binding sites) were identified by comparing promoter regions of genes up-regulated >1.5-fold in Socs3 h-KO mice to all M. musculus promoter regions in the PAINT database. To identify TREs overrepresented, 5 kb of upstream sequence of each gene from the list of significantly up-regulated genes was analyzed by PAINT. TRE consensus sequence is the consensus binding site for the indicated binding factor (known transcription factor), provided as the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry 15-letter code. Multiple listings of candidate binding factors are based on differences in consensus binding sites. Count refers to the total number of times the TRE was found in the gene set. p-values were calculated as described in Materials and methods. 
Strain Time  3 mo 6 mo 9 mo 12 mo. 
Development of HCC in Socs3 h-KO and control littermates after DEN injection. 
12–14-d-old pups were injected with a single dose of 5 mg/kg DEN. At the indicated times, male mice were killed and livers were examined for tumors. Macroscopic HCCs were confirmed by hematoxylin and eosin analysis, as described in Materials and methods. Tumor development was significantly different in Socs3 h-KO mice as determined by a log-rank test, with a p-value of 0.0027. 
GENE RT-PCR Microarray P-Value for RT-PCR Gene Name. 
Comparison of mRNAs by RT-PCR and RNA microarray. 
Note: Fold change of mRNA in Stat3 ?/? mice to control is shown. 
GO Classification of Genes Up-regulated in Stat3 ?/? mice. 
Functional Classification of Genes Differentially Expressed in Stat3 ?/? mice. 
Note: Gene Ontology Analysis was preformed using public available web-based tool DAVID [81]. Overrepresented biological processes were selected at the threshold of Fisher Exact Test P-Value ? 0.05 and minimum gene counts belonging to an annotation term ? 2%. 
TFBS Count (Diff_Gene) Frequency (Diff_Gene) Count (background) Frequency (background) P - Value Q- Value. 
Enriched TFBS In Genes Differentially Expressed in Stat3 ?/? mice. 
Note: promoter sequence (-2000 – 0 bps) from 886 out of 1105 differentially genes were available for analysis. The P-Value is calculated using binomial distribution probability. 5 random sets of 1000 mouse gene -2kb promoter regions were used to calculate the background frequency. The Q-Value is calculated using single-step Bonferroni adjustment to control for the multiple comparison effect. 
Term Count % P-Value. 
Enriched Pathways In Genes Differentially Expressed in Stat3 ?/? mice. 
Overrepresented pathways were identified by comparison the overlap of differentially expressed genes and all genes in MOE430 mouse genome (reference) with the known KEGG pathways. A pathway is considered to be over-represented when a probability P-Value ? 0.01 and gene frequency (genes in the pathway/total number of differentially expressed genes) ? 2%. 
UniGene ID Fold P-Value Gene Symbol Gene Title. 
Genes In Ubiquitin Cycle Were Largely Induced In Stat3 ?/? Mice. 
UniGene ID Fold P-Value Gene Symbol Gene Title. 
Genes In Phosphate Metabolism Were Largely Induced In Stat3 ?/? Mice. 
Study Population location Source of arsenic Result Dose–response relationship. 
Epidemiologic studies of arsenic exposure and prostate cancer in humans. 
Study focused on the area of endemic blackfoot disease. 
The Wu et al. (1989) study used the Chen et al. (1988) population, with expansion into additional villages in the blackfoot-endemic area. 
Based on the authors’ interpretation after stratification of data based on drinking-water levels. 
The rate of prostate cancer incidence was significantly elevated at the highest level of exposure when arsenic exposure was stratified based on arsenic in water and/or soil. When arsenic exposure was stratified on water levels only (low, medium, high, and very high), prostate cancer incidence appeared elevated in the high and very high categories [see Figure 3 in Hindwood et al. (1999)]. This did not, however, show a significant linear dose–response relationship. 
Characteristic Human prostate carcinoma Arsenic-transformed cells References. 
Characteristics in common between human prostate carcinoma cells and arsenic-transformed human prostate epithelial cells. 
In tumors formed by heterotransplant of CAsE-PE cells. 
Abbreviated name Sequence Target gene. 
Sequence of the primer pairs used for real-time quantitative PCR and gene names. 
Clinical setting Trial phase Intervention Clinical endpoints Biological correlates Ref. 
Combinations of endocrine therapies with biological agents: completed trials in ER+ and/or PgR+ breast cancer. 
AI, aromatase inhibitor; ANA, anastrozole; BEV, bevacizumab; ER, estrogen receptor; EVE, everolimus; FISH, fluorescent in situ hybridization; GEF, gefitinib; HER, human epidermal receptor; IHN, immunohistochemistry; LAP, lapatinib; LET, letrozole; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; NA, none available; ORR, objective response rate (PR + clinical benefit rate); OS, overall survival; PBC, primary breast cancer; PD, progressive disease; pEGFR, phosphorylated endothelial growth factor receptor; pER, phosphorylated ER; PFS, progression free survival; PgR, progesterone; pMAPK, phosphorylated mitinogen activated protein kinase; PR, partial response; RCT, randomized controlled trial; RT, randomized trial; SD, stable disease; TAM, tamoxifen; TEM, temsirolimus; TIP, tipifarnib; TRAS, trastuzumab. 
Clinical setting Trial phase Intervention N Biological endpoints NCT protocol #. 
Endocrine/biological combinations: ongoing or recently closed trials in ER and/or PgR+ breast cancer. 
* Acquired endocrine resistance defined as: actively progressing on current endocrine therapy AND history of prior response to current endocrine therapy (i.e. CR, PR or SD > 6 months). PBC, primary breast cancer; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; RCT, randomized controlled trial; RT, randomized trial; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; ORR, objective response rate (PR+CR); ANA, anastrozole; FUL, fulvestrant; LET, letrozole; PFS, progression free survival; OS, overall survival; TAM, tamoxifen. Source: . 
Brain region Type of synaptic potentiation References. 
The role of ERK in synaptic potentiation in the mammalian brains. 
Group PIK3CA amplification (MIP copy number) p53/p21 IHC   +/- +/+, -/- -/+. 
Comparison of PIK3 CA amplification or p53/p21 protein expression in High Grade Serous Ovarian Tumours. 
* p = 0.02 for pairwise comparison based on Bonferroni-Holmes corrected Fisher exact test. 
** p = 0.03 for pairwise comparison based on Bonferroni-Holmes corrected Fisher exact test. 
+ p = 0.001 for threeway comparison based on Bonferroni-Holmes corrected Fisher exact test. 
Gene Sense Antisense Amplicon length (base pair) GenBank accession number. 
Gene-specific primer pairs used in real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction. 
TNAP, tissue-nonspecific alkaline phosphatase. 
Gene Primer sequence Ann temp. (C°) Acc number. 
Primer sequences, annealing temperature, and accession numbers for the analyzed genes. 
Hyperarcs of the logical model. 
Exclamation mark denotes a logical NOT and dots within the equation indicate AND operations. 
PDBa Protein nameb Superfamilyc Alignmentd Se Ce Ligandf Ig S&Ig P S&Ig C&Ig P C&Ig (S+C)&Ig P (S+C)&Ig. 
Statistical significance of the presence of predicted specificity residues in known interfaces of protein-protein and protein-DNA/RNA complexes. 
aProtein Data Bank (PDB) four character code followed by the chain identifier. bName of the protein chain in the title of PDB file. cName of the corresponding Structural Classification of Proteins (SCOP) Superfamily. dSource of the alignment (Superfamily or Protein Families [PFAM]); actual number of homologous sequences used in calculations, and the fractional values of the selection filters used to clean the alignments: sequence identity and gap. eS and C represent the number of specificity and conserved residues, respectively. fPDB identifiers of the molecular fragments and co-factors (excluding water) interacting with the corresponding protein. gI, S&I, C&I, (S+C)&I stand, respectively, for the total number of interface residues (selected under ?4.5 Å atom-atom distance threshold between ligands and the protein), the number of specificity residues in the interface, the number of conserved residues in the interface, and the number of specificity and conserved residues in the interface. P S&I, P C&I, and P (S+C)&I are the corresponding probabilities of obtaining these numbers by chance. Low values of the probabilities indicate good agreement between prediction and observation. Significant P values (< 0.05) are in bold. 
Protein k a (M -1s -1) k d (s -1) K D (M -1). 
Kinetic parameters for the NS5A:Fyn SH3 domain interaction. 
Entrez Gene Fold change LM*/PT* Fold change PT/NP* Gene Symbol Gene description Ref.*. 
Upregulated genes in primary pancreatic tumors. Relative fold change in primary pancreatic tumors compared to normal pancreas (PT/NP) and in liver metastatic lesions compared to primary pancreatic tumors (LM/PT). 
NP = Normal pancreas; PT = Primary pancreatic tumor; LM = liver metastatic lesion; Ref .* = References identifying genes previously shown to have deregulated expression in pancreatic cancer. 
Entrez Gene# Fold change LM/PT Fold change PT/NP Gene Symbol Gene description Ref.*. 
Downregulated genes in primary pancreatic tumors. Relative fold change in primary pancreatic tumors compared to normal pancreas (PT/NP) and in liver metastatic lesions compared to primary pancreatic tumors (LM/PT). 
Ref .* = References identifying genes previously shown to have deregulated expression in pancreatic cancer. 
Entrez Gene # Fold change LM/PT Fold change PT/NP Gene Symbol Gene description Ref.*. 
Upregulated genes in liver metastatic lesions. Relative fold change in liver metastatic lesions compared to primary pancreatic tumors (LM/PT) and in primary pancreatic tumors compared to normal pancreas (PT/NP). 
Ref .* = References identifying genes previously shown to have deregulated expression in pancreatic cancer. 
Entrez Gene # LM/PT PT/NP Gene Symbol Gene description Ref.*. 
Downregulated genes in liver metastatic lesions. Relative fold change in liver metastatic lesions compared to primary pancreatic tumors (LM/PT) and in primary pancreatic tumors compared to normal pancreas (PT/NP). 
Ref .* = References identifying genes previously shown to have deregulated expression in pancreatic cancer. 
Quantitative RT-PCR. Relative quantity of mRNA expression in PT, LM and NP tissues measured by quantitative real time PCR. 
Gene name Accession No . Quantitative or sqRT-PCR primer sequence. 
List of primer. Primer sets for qRT-PCR and sqRT-PCR. 
*PCR product size. 
No Molecules Inhibitor data points (min) treated cell lines Intended purpose. 
The experimental protocol is summarized in Materials and Methods . The quantified data are shown in Table S1 . All experiments were performed using 10 nM EGF. 
Variable Control Schizophrenia Bipolar disorder  BDNF Sprouty2 BDNF Sprouty2 BDNF Sprouty2  r a p b r p r p r p r p r p. 
Correlation value. 
significance, p value from ANOVA. 
Pearson's product moment correlation shown for age, PMI, brain pH, brain weight and refrigeration interval. 
Kendall's rank correlation tau shown for gender, hemisphere, smoking status, age of onset, duration of illness, lifetime alcohol use and lifetime substance abuse. 
Variable Group BDNF Sprouty2   Correlation p value Correlation p value. 
Kendall's rank correlation. 
Spearman's correlation. 
Lifetime antipsychotic dose in fluphenazine milligram equivalents. 
p values are from ANOVA. 
Group Correlation a p value. 
Pearson's correlation. 
Variable Control (N?=?34) Schizophrenia (N?=?35) Bipolar (N?=?31). 
Gen Bank accession No Forward Reverse Base pairs. 
Gene Probe-set ID Contig ID t P Fold Change. 
Genes identified as differentially abundant between 5 and 50 nM T4 at Day 2. 
N/A refers to genes that do not have established orthologies to human. Probe-set ID represents the unique identifier for each probe-set on the custom Ambystoma GeneChip. Contig ID represents the Sal-Site [52] identifier for contigs associated with each probe-set. All fold changes are relative to the 5 nM dataset. Thus positive values are up regulated in 50 nM samples relative to 5 nM samples and negative values are down regulated in 50 nM samples relative to 5 nM samples. 
Gene Probe-set ID Fold Change 5 nM Fold Change 50 nM Profile. 
Genes categorized as QLVD and QLCU in both T4 treatments. 
N/A refers to genes that do not have established orthologies to human. Probe-set ID represents the unique identifier for each probe-set on the custom Ambystoma GeneChip. Fold change 5 nM refers to the maximum fold change observed in the 5 nM T4 treatment relative to Day 0 controls. Fold change 50 nM refers to the maximum fold change observed in the 50 nM T4 treatment relative to Day 0 controls. Profile refers to the expression profile for each gene obtained from regression analyses on the 5 and 50 nM T4 datasets. QLCU refers to the quadratic linear concave up regression profile and QLVD refers to the quadratic linear convex down regression profile. 
Gene Symbol Probe-set ID/Direction Sequence. 
Primer sequences used for Q-RT-PCR. 
N/A refers to a gene that does not have an established orthology with human. Probe-set ID represents the unique identifier for each probe-set on the custom Ambystoma GeneChip. Forward and reverse primers are denoted by the extensions 5.1 and 3.1 respectively. 
Gene Probe-set ID Profile. 
Genes previously identified using 50 nM T4 that were not identified using 5 nM T4. 
Probe-set ID represents the unique identifier for each probe-set on the custom Ambystoma GeneChip. Profile refers to the regression profile obtained from the regression analysis of the 50 nM T4 dataset. LU = linear up, QLCD = quadratic linear concave down, QC = quadratic concave, QV = quadratic convex, QLVD = quadratic linear convex down, LD = linear down, QLCU = quadratic linear concave up, and QLVU = quadratic linear convex up. 
Immunostaining Results No. patients (%)      Clinical Classification Total Capg (-) Capg (+) P Value a. 
Correlation between the Expression of CapG and Clinical Classification in OSCCs. 
aP < 0.05 was considered significant. 
  Rap–GDP·BeF3?-Rap1GAP(Q204A). 
Data collection and refinement statistics. 
Enzymes Module function References. 
Molecule MB231 BT549  Control TSC2 Inhibited Control TSC2 Inhibited. 
Molecule t-Value in MDA231 t-Value in BT549. 
The critical value for an alpha value of 0.05 with 50 samples is 2.0086. Note that the t-values for all molecules except for GSK3? are larger than this value, confirming that these changes are statistically significantly. 
Molecule MB231 BT549  Experiment Simulation Experiment Simulation. 
The up arrow (?) indicates that the perturbation caused a rise in the level of the phosphorylated protein; the straight line (?) indicates no change; and the down arrow (?) indicates that a decrease occurred. Values in the Experiment column were estimated by comparing lanes 4 and 2 in Figure 9 . We estimated the Simulation column by determining whether the top quartile of the distribution for the final time point was above, below, or at zero. In some cases it is difficult to judge for certain whether the total quantity of the phosphorylated protein changed or remained the same—both for the experimental and computational cases. In these situations, we indicated the uncertainty by listing the possible changes that the protein could have feasibly undergone. 
Source Protein Destination Protein Number of Paths. 
The multiple paths connecting pairs of proteins highlight the complex interactions present within the network that give rise to its overall dynamic behavior. 
WT control DGK?-TG control WT STZ DGK?-TG STZ. 
General characteristics of DGK?-TG and WT mice at 8 weeks after STZ injection. 
Data are mean ± SEM from 15 mice for each group. BW, body weight; BG, blood glucose; HW, heart weight; LVW, left ventricular weight. *P < 0.01 vs. WT control, ‡P < 0.05 vs. WT STZ, §P < 0.01 vs. DGK?-TG control. 
  Caveolin-1 ( n =165) pAKT ( n =166) pmTOR ( n =97) pS6 ( n =107) p4E-BP1 ( n =146)   ?ve +ve ?ve +ve ?ve +ve ?ve +ve ?ve +ve. 
Relationship of caveolin-1, pAKT, pmTOR, pS6 and p4E-BP1 expression with conventional clinicopathological parameters in clinically confined RCC. 
pAKT=phosphorylated AKT; 4E-BP1=4E-binding protein 1; p4E-BP1=phosphorylated 4E-binding protein 1; RCC=renal cell carcinoma; mTOR=mammalian target of rapamycin; pmTOR=phosphorylated mammalian target of rapamycin. 
Unequal numbers are due to occasional loss of tumour in array spots on some slides, and, for pmTOR and pS6, failure to achieve immunocytochemical reactivity with tissue derived from for one of the two laboratories. Associations considered significant at P <=0.10 after correction for multiple comparisons are shown with * and with appropriate corrected P -values in parentheses (caveolin results are a confirmation of previous findings – correction for multiple comparisons is not appropriate). 
(A) Prognostic indices/univariate model Mean survival (years) 95% CI P -value. 
Mean metastasis-free survival of patients with clinically localised renal cell carcinoma. 
4E-BP1=4E-binding protein 1; CI=confidence interval; mTOR=mammalian target of rapamycin. 
*Denotes significance P <0.05. 
Clinicopathological parameter Caveolin-1 and AKT negative ( n =137) Caveolin-1 and AKT positive ( n =23) P -value. 
Correlation of combined caveolin-1 and pAKT (caveolin-1/AKT covariate) positivity with clinical and pathological parameters in patients with clinically localised renal cell carcinoma. 
Associations considered significant at P <=0.10 after correction for multiple comparisons are shown with *, with appropriate corrected P -values in parentheses. 
*Denotes significance P <0.05. 
(A) Prognostic indices/model including vascular invasion {enter function} ( n ) HR 95% CI P -value. 
Multivariate Cox regression hazards model for time to recurrence. 
CI=confidence interval; HR=hazard ratio. 
*Denotes significance P <0.05. 
Prognostic indices/covariate model ( n ) HR 95% CI P -value. 
Hazard ratio for time to recurrence of each composite covariate as calculated by separate multivariate Cox proportional hazards method using the forward conditional function (including tumour grade, vascular invasion and presence of caveolin/AKT/mTOR pathway covariate). 
4E-BP1=4E-binding protein 1; CI=confidence interval; mTOR=mammalian target of rapamycin. 
In all grades and capsular invasions HR remain significant. 
*Denotes significance P <0.05. 
M   N1   N2  . 
Functional annotation of defined patient subgroups. 
"n", number of genes involved in the corresponding annotation category; p, modified Fisher exact p-value of the gene enrichment for each category. 
Patient (group) Phenotype Biochemical data Genetic defect ATPase (% of C) SDH (% of C) COX (% of C) Ref. 
Clinical, biochemical and molecular description of patients (P1 – P13). 
Patient assignment to groups is based on DNA sequencing data (M) and results of PCA and hierarchical clustering (N1, N2). PMR – psychomotor retardation, HCMP – hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, GR – growth retardation, lactate – blood lactate (mmol/l), 3 MGA – 3-methylglutaconic aciduria (mg/g creatinine). ATPase (complex V), SDH (complex II) and COX (complex IV) represent enzyme protein content in fibroblast homogenates quantified by SDS PAGE/WB as in [19], using specific primary antibodies (MitoSciences, OR), Alexa Fluor® 680-labeled secondary antibodies and an Odyssey® Infrared Imaging System (LI-COR Biotechnology, Lincoln, NE). Data are presented as % of control values. * Decreased content of subunit a (ATP6). NR means not reported. 
patients controls  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. 
Growth characteristics of the fibroblast cell lines. 
Protein Function Cellular localization PD locus Chromosomal location Gene Inheritance Type of mutations Key references. 
Nuclear genes linked to autosomal inherited PD with mitochondrial involvement. 
In contrast with the other genes in the table, HTRA2 was not identified through linkage studies, but was associated with PD using a candidate gene approach. 
Locus cDNA length (nt) 5'-UTR length (nt) Coding sequence 3'-UTR length (nt) 3' polyadenylation signal. 
Main features of the cDNAs encoding for SseEF1As. 
Percentage of amino acid (above diagonal) and nucleotide (below diagonal) sequence identity among Senegalese sole elongation factors and several other eEF1As (see Table 3) as calculated using MegAlign. 
Name Description Accession number Species. 
Vertebrate eEF1A sequences used in this study. The abbreviated name, description, accession number and species are indicated in each case. 
Target Primers  Fragment size (bp)     Primer pair name Sequence . 
Primers used for real-time gene expression analysis. The amplicon size generated by each primer pair is shown. 
Target DNA Temperature (°C) ? H (kcal/mol) ? T ? S (kcal/mol) K a (×105 M?1) ? G (kcal/mol) ? C p (cal/mol/K). 
Thermodynamic parameters for the binding of hLon to LSPas and TG6T. 
? C p was obtained from linear regression of ? H against temperature. The binding thermodynamic parameters of both LSPas and TG6T were calculated on the monomeric concentrations of hLon and DNA. The LSPas constants corrected for the G-quartet fraction of LSPas are a ? H , ? T [? S + ( a / T + Rln a )], a lnK, ?G-RTln a and a ? C p , respectively. a represents the reciprocal of the LSPas G-quartet fraction, which was estimated 1.15 as analyzed by ImageQuant ver. 5.2 (Molecular Dynamics) with Figure 3 A lane 1 (G-quartet 0.87; monomer 0.13). 
Cell populations WT bmf ?/? bim ?/?. 
Composition of primary and secondary lymphatic organs of Bmf-deficient mice. 
Total numbers of hemopoietic cells from 6–8-wk-old animals were calculated by counting single-cell suspensions derived from the indicated organs and tissues that were subsequently analyzed by flow cytometry after staining for cell surface markers: total T cells (Thy-1+), total myeloid cells (Mac-1+), total nucleated erythroid progenitor cells (Ter119+), total B cells (B220+), pro–B cells (B220+CD43+IgM?), pre–B cells (B220+CD43?IgM?), T1 B cells (sIgMhighCD21low), and mature B cells (sIgMlowIgD+). Numbers represent the mean (± the SEM) of 6 WT, 9 bmf ?/? , and 5 bim ?/? mice. Total cellularity of both inguinal lymph nodes and femora are presented. 
P < 0.05 compared to WT mice. 
P < 0.0001 compared to WT mice. 
Immunogen Antibody Manufacturer. 
Immunogen Antibody Manufacturer. 
miRNAs implicated in the development and function of the immune system. 
Amino Acid Substitution Family BLOSUM 62 PAM 250 Grantham. 
Scores of the BLOSUM 62, PAM 250 and Grantham matrices. BLOSUM 62 scores range between -4 and 11, PAM 250 scores between -8 and 17, and Grantham scores between 5 and 215. For the BLOSUM 62 and PAM 250 matrices, a more negative score corresponds to a less conservative amino acid change. For the Grantham matrix, a higher number reflects a less conservative change. 
Evolutionary conservation of the variant TSC2 amino acids. Inter-species conservation of the TSC2 S132, F143, A196, C244, Y598 I820, T993, L1511 and R1772 amino acids is shown. 
Spot No. Identified Protein Accession Number Calculated pI value Nominal mass (Mr) Number of Matched Peptides Sequence Coverage Fold Change Mascot Score Functional Category. 
Changes in protein expression observed in the expanded midpalatal suture. 
pI = Isoelectric point. Mr = Molecular weight. 
EphA7 expression P value. 
Relationship between EphA7 expression and intratumor microvessel density in 32 primary and recurrent GBM. 
MVD: microvessel density, N: number of patients. The median MVD of 30 vessels was used as a cutpoint. 
EphA7 expression P value MVD P value. 
Relationship between EphA7 expression or microvessel count and clinicopathological features of 32 patients with GBM. 
MVD: microvessel density, N: number of patients, ns: not significant. The median MVD of 30 vessels was used as a cutpoint. 
Cohort and lineage Number of cases Nucleotide substitution Exon Amino acid substitution Domain Mutation/ polymorphism. 
List of nonsynonymous JAK1 changes identified in subjects with ALL. 
This change was observed in unaffected individuals. 
This change was not present among 335 population-matching control individuals. 
This change was present at remission. 
This change was not present at remission. 
This change was not present at remission in the one individual analyzed. 
This subject carried a concomitant 2171G?A change. 
Receptor Remarks Ligands. 
ErbB receptors and their ligands. 
CNF1 CagA VacA. 
Comparison between the cellular effects of E. coli CNF1 and those of the major virulence factors (VacA and CagA) of H. pylori. 
GTP-RhoA GDP-RhoA GTP-Cdc42 GTP-Rac1. 
ELISA competition studies on RhoAQ63L coated plate. ScFvC1-N1N2 (0.4 ?M) is competed by increasing concentrations of GST-RBD, GDP bound RhoA, GTP bound Cdc 42, GTP bound Rac 1. KD of GST-RBD was also determined by surface plasmon resonance on GST-RhoAQ63L. 
cDNA library name a NCBI dbEST accession No. Average length (bp) No. of ESTs No. of TC c No. of singleton No. of unique TC e No. of ESTs in unique TC No. of unique sequences f. 
Tall fescue cDNA library and ESTs summary. 
aDetails on plant growing conditions, tissue sampling, and library construction for each cDNA library are available at NCBI. 
bNumber within parenthesis indicates percent sequencing success rate. 
cNumber of tentative consensus (TC) sequences generated from EST library members. 
dPercentage (%)of the total number of ESTs in each library. 
eNumber of unique TCs assembled from ESTs only present in each library. 
fNumber of unique sequences only present in each library, including singleton and unique TC. 
g Fraction of unique sequences in this library to all 17,806 unique sequences. 
Number of sequence Minimum length (bp) Maximum length (bp) Average length (bp). 
Tall fescue ESTs summary statistics on clustering analyses. 
a Unique sequences = TCs + singletons. 
Unigene ID a DR1 DS1 FSS TFM HSS LF1 RT1 ST1 SD1 Annotation. 
Tall fescue HSP and heat shock transcription factor (HSF) gene expression. 
aUnigene ID. DT = singleton, TC = tentative consensus, Drought stressed root = DR1, Drought stressed shoot = DS1, Field stressed shoot = FSS, Floral meristem = TFM, Heat stressed shoot = HSS, Greenhouse grown leaf = LF1, Greenhouse grown root = RT1, Field grown stem = ST1, Young seedling = SD1. 
b Numbers of normalized ESTs found matching known HSPs or HSFs were listed in individual library. 
Mean Median Minimum Maximum No of Cases. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of patients included in the present study. 
SNP rs Number Ch 10 map position Dominant Codominant Recessive Major allele frequency. 
SNPs associated with a higher percent HbF (%HbF) with hydroxycarbamide treatment. 
Previously reported in dbSNP. 
Present within the 5? UTR. 
Significant P -value after Bonforoni correction. 
Bold: SNP with P -value ? 0·05. 
ND, not determined. 
Major allele frequency was calculated from genotype frequency of Hb SS patients. 
SNP rs Number Ch10 map position % HbF Absolute HbF. 
SNPs associated with a significant change in HbF levels after 2 years of hydroxycarbamide treatment in 32 adults with sickle cell anaemia. 
Previously reported in dbSNP. 
Present within the 5? UTR. 
Bold: SNP with P -value ? 0·05. 
ND, not determined. 
Biopsy no. Histology Group a TNM stage, age and sex b Relapse c (months) Status d (months). 
The histopathological diagnosis, group (based on gene expression), TNM stage and relapse status. 
F=female; M=male; SCC=squamous cell carcinoma; TNM=tumour, nodes and metastases. 
Group according to unsupervised hierarchical cluster analysis. 
TNM stage according to 1987 revision. Age at diagnosis. 
LR=local relapse; DR=distant relapse; M1=distant metastases at diagnosis. 
Clinical status with time interval from diagnosis. 
Transfection VEGF 165b (pg?ml ?1) Total VEGF (pg?ml ?1). 
VEGF expression in transfected CAKI cells. 
ELISA performed on conditioned media after 48?h from 200?000 transfected and selected CAKI cells. 
  No. of patients ( N =98) (%). 
Patients' characteristics. 
  Primary tumour (%) Liver metastases (%) Lung metastases (%) Brain metastases (%) Bone metastasis (%). 
Global results for EGFR, Akt and MAPK expression. 
  Akt MAPK   Positive (%) Negative (%) Positive (%) Negative (%). 
Akt and MAPK status according to EGFR expression in primary colorectal tumours. 
  Akt MAPK   Positive (%) Negative (%) Positive (%) Negative (%). 
Akt and MAPK status according to EGFR expression in metastases. 
  Akt status variation MAPK status variation Metastatic sites Positive to negative Negative to positive Positive to negative Negative to positive. 
Akt and MAPK status variations between primary tumour and the corresponding metastatic sites. 
  Primer set (5?–3?) forward, reverse Probe (6FAM5?-3?MGB) Primer, probe (n M ). 
QMSP primer and probe sequences. 
  IGFBP3-A n (%) IGFBP3-B n (%) IGFBP3-C n (%) GSTP1 n (%). 
Frequency of IGFBP3 and GSTP1 methylation in histologically normal and cancerous prostate tissue, HGPIN and BPH, and relationship to clinicopathologic factors. 
  Clinicopathological data ( N =150). 
Clinical and histopathological characteristics. 
T and N status were assigned according to the TNM classification of the International Union Against Cancer 2002. 
    MVD a Hotspot ECP% TCP% CAIX HIF Vessel area b VEGF c. 
Immunohistochemical and morphometric results of angiogenesis parameters in low-grade vs high-grade CC-RCC. 
Abbreviations: CAIX=carbonic anhydrase IX; CC-RCC=clear cell renal cell carcinoma; ECP%=endothelial cell proliferation fraction; HIF=hypoxia-inducible factor; MVD=microvessel density; RCC=renal cell carcinoma; TCP%=tumour cell proliferation fraction; VEGF=vascular endothelial growth factor. 
P -value: comparison between low-grade and high-grade RCC (Mann–Whitney). 
MVD expressed as vessels per mm2. 
Vessel area expressed as ? m2. 
For VEGF, the percentage of each of the scores is represented. 
  VEGFA VEGFB VEGFC BFGF PLGF ANG1 ANG2 EGF PDGFB1 TNF ?. 
Results of PCR quantification of angiogenesis-related genes in normal renal tissue versus CC-RCC. 
Abbreviations: ANG1=angiopoietin 1; ANG2=angiopoietin 2; BFGF=basic fibroblast growth factor; CC-RCC=clear cell renal cell carcinoma; EGF=epidermal growth factor; PDGFB1=platelet-derived growth factor-B1; PF4=platelet-derived factor 4; PLGF; placental growth factor; RCC=renal cell carcinoma; TNF=tumour necrosis factor; TSP1=thrombospondin 1; VEGFA=vascular endothelial growth factor-A; VEGFB=vascular endothelial growth factor-B; VEGFC=vascular endothelial growth factor-C. 
Expression values are shown as 2?? C t. 
P -value: comparison between normal and RCC (Mann–Whitney). 
  VEGFA VEGFB VEGFC bFGF PLGF ANG1 ANG2 EGF PDGFB1 TNF ?. 
Results of PCR quantification of angiogenesis-related genes in low-grade vs high-grade CC-RCC. 
Abbreviations: ANG1=angiopoietin 1; ANG2=angiopoietin 2; bFGF=basic fibroblast growth factor; CC-RCC=clear cell renal cell carcinoma; EGF=epidermal growth factor; IL8=interleukin-8; PDGFB1=platelet-derived growth factor-B1; PF4=platelet-derived factor 4; PLGF; placental growth factor; RCC=renal cell carcinoma; TGF- ? =transforming growth factor- ? ; TNF- ? =tumour necrosis factor- ? ; TSP1=thrombospondin 1; VEGFA=vascular endothelial growth factor-A; VEGFB=vascular endothelial growth factor-B; VEGFC=vascular endothelial growth factor-C. 
Expression values are shown as 2??. 
P -value: comparison between low-grade and high-grade RCC (Mann–Whitney). 
  Median log?2     MSS/MSI   N T Log?2 fold change P -value P -value. 
Summary of microarray transcript profiling. 
MSI=microsatellite instable; MSS=microsatellite stable. 
Data are given as median log?2, fold change between normal (N) and tumour (T) and P -value. 
  Negative Weak Total Moderate Strong Very strong Total. 
Immunohistochemical analysis of DHHC9 protein expression applying a 1?:?250 dilution of anti-DHCC9 antibody on 34 CRC tissue samples. 
CRC=colorectal cancer; MSI=microsatellite instable; MSS=microsatellite stable. 
The intensity is classified as negative (comprising negative or weak) and positive (comprising moderate, strong or very strong). 
  Normal mucosa Adenoma ADC I ADC II ADC III ADC IV Liver metastases. 
Immunohistochemical analysis of DHHC9 protein expression applying a 1?:?250 dilution of anti-DHCC9 antibody to a colon cancer TMA. 
TMA=tissue microarray. 
The intensity of the positive cases is further classified as moderate or strong. 
Cell line Lesion type BRAF N-Ras c-Kit BRAF digest. 
Mutational profiles of BRAF, N-Ras and c-Kit in the panel of melanoma cells. 
Wt, wild-type, ND, not determined, HET, heterozygous mutation. 
  Cell line   MCF7 HER2/18 MDAMB231   Control Treated P -value Control Treated P -value. 
Tumour growth, proliferation and apoptosis in the cell lines studied. 
No staining intensity values given for the MDAMB231 cell line as the COX-2 protein was confined to vesicles which could not be quantified by intensity. 
  Cell line Median RNA copy per ? l (IQR) MCF7/HER2-18 control MCF7/HER2-18 treated P -value MDAMB231 control MDAMB231 treated P -value. 
Q-PCR for lymphangiogenic (podoplanin) and angiogenic (CD31) markers and Podoplanin immunohistochemistry (IHC) Chalkley vessel counts. 
  Localisation and function Chromatin factors General Senescence. 
Localisation and function of chromatin factors. 
HMGA=high-mobility group A; HP1=heterochromatin protein 1; SAHF=senescence-associated heterochromatic foci. 
Gene EGF Gefitinib EGF+gefitinib. 
Gene transcript levels altered by EGF in RT112 cells and effects of gefitinib treatment with and without EGF. 
Numbers indicate the ratio of expression in treated cells relative to untreated controls. Bold indicates upregulation of the gene compared to control treatment. ND indicates there is no difference relative to the untreated control. 
Gene EGF Gefitinib EGF+Gefitinib. 
Gene transcript levels altered by EGF in RT4 cells and effects of gefitinib treatment with and without EGF. 
Numbers indicate the ratio of expression in treated cells relative to untreated controls. Bold indicates upregulation of the gene compared to control treatment. ND indicates there is no difference relative to the untreated control. Un indicates the ratio was undefined because the untreated control levels were below background. 
Month 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27. 
Course of disease of the BTL patient. 
Establishment of the indicated BTL cell cultures from the respective surgery (OP) specimens. 
CCNU, lomustine; RT, radiotherapy; Temo, temozolomide; prog, tumor progression. 
  Cytotoxicity (IC 50) a Cell line TMZ ( ? M ) BCNU ( ? M ) DOX (n M ) L-DOX (n M ) DM (ng?ml ?1) VP-16 ( ? M ) CDDP ( ? M ) BLEO ( ? g?ml ?1). 
Chemosensitivity of the investigated cell lines. 
Data are expressed as IC50 values (means of three experiments performed in triplicate) of the tested drugs (temozolomide, TMZ, carmustine, BCNU; doxorubicin, DOX; liposomal doxorubicin, L-DOX; daunomycin, DM; etoposide, VP-16; cisplatin, CDDP; bleomycin, BLEO). 
  Number of changes a Response to therapy b OS Case PT Rec 1 Rec 2 PT Rec 1 Rec 2 Months. 
Chromosomal changes, therapy sensitivity, and overall survival in glioblastoma primary tumours (PT) and corresponding recurrences (Rec). 
Chromosomal aberrations were determined by CGH and chromosome arms with significant changes counted. Data are given as mean changes/microdissected areas analysed. 
Therapy of TMZ or CCNU was scored in vivo as + when the patient showed partial response or stable disease. 
Not analysed;. 
Alive;. 
No therapy. 
Author Patients Treatment Results Conclusions. 
Trials to assess efficacy of EpCAM targeted Immunotherapy for intra-abdominal carcinomas. 
ADCC=antibody-dependant cell cytotoxicity; CRC=colorectal cancer; CTL=cytotoxic T cells; DFS=disease-free survival; GM-CSF=granulocyte-macrophage-colony stimulating factor; IFN=interferon; MAB=monoclonal antibody; PMN=polymorphonuclear cells; TIL=tumour infiltrating lymphocytes. 
    n Mcm2 Geminin Ki67 Mcm2-Ki67 Ki67-geminin Geminin/Ki67. 
Relationship between Mcm2 LI, geminin LI, Ki67 LI, Mcm2 LI -Ki67 LI, Ki67 LI -geminin LI and geminin LI /Ki67 LI with other factorsa. 
Note: Use significance level of 0.01 to account for multiple testing. 
Abbreviations: ERK5=extracellular signal-regulated kinase-5; gemininLI/Ki67LI=measure of the relative length of G1 phase; Ki67LI-gemininLI=proportion of tumour cells in G1 phase; LI=labelling index; Mcm2LI-Ki67LI=replication licensed but non-cycling population of tumour cells; MEK5=mitogen/extracellular-signal-regulated kinase kinase 5. 
Values shown are median (inter-quartile range), expressed as percentages. 
Jonckheere–Terpstra test. 
Mann–Whitney U -test. 
Gene symbol Localisation Description Function P -value ( P <10 ?x). 
Panel of possible marker genes for local tumour invasion and liver metastases in pancreatic carcinoma: function and statistical significance. 
IF=invasion front; LM=liver metastases; NSE=neuron-specific enolase. 
Panel of significantly regulated pathways revealed by ORA: pathways in section A are significantly regulated in both primary tumour to tumour invasion front and primary tumour to liver metastases. 
    P -value (10 -x)   Gene Gene symbol Primary tumour vs tumour invasion Liver metastases vs tumour invasion Primary tumour vs liver metastasess Reference in PDAC. 
Overview of differentially expressed genes ( P -value<10? x ) with gene symbols, P -values and references concerning differential expression in previous expression profiling experiments in PDAC. 
PDAC, pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. 
1a ( Grützmann et al , 2004 ). 
1b ( Iacobuzio-Donahue et al , 2003b ). 
1c ( Han et al , 2002 ). 
  Primary tumour Invasion front Liver metastases   Expression value a IHCS Expression value a IHCS Expression value a IHCS. 
Panel of marker genes: expression values, which are standardised regarding to primary tumour and results of immunohistochemistry. 
GADDA45A=growth arrest and DNA damage-inducible gene 45; HSP27=heat-shock 27-kDa protein 1; IHCS=immunhistochemistry score; NSE=neuron-specific enolase; RGS4=regulator of G protein signalling 4; VEGF=vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Expression values are standardised regarding to primary tumour. 
Clinicopathological features of adenomas with K-ras/BRAF mutations and/or RASSF2 methylation. 
    Both K-ras/BRAF mutation and RASSF2 methylation   All adenomas n (%) Univariate analysis OR (95% CI) Multivariate analysis OR (95% CI). 
Univariate and multivariate analyses of factors for adenomas carrying both K-ras/BRAF mutations and RASSF2 methylation. 
Abbreviations: OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval. † P =0.01, ‡ P =0.007, * P =0.003, **P =0.007. 
      Liver extract   Enzyme substrate HDAC1-IP Ac-H4 HDAC8 MAL unselective B61 HDAC1 B12 HDAC6 A2780 proliferation. 
Inhibition of HDAC isozymes and tumour cell proliferation (IC50, n M ). 
Abbreviations: HDAC=histone deacetylase; TSA=trichostatin A. 
Inhibition of HDAC activity with R306465 (JNJ-16241199), panobinostat, vorinostat and MS-275 was assessed using a number of different assays: for HDAC1 activity assays, HDAC1 was immunoprecipitated from A2780 cell lysates as indicated in the Methods section and incubated with a concentration range of the indicated HDAC inhibitor. Recombinant HDAC8 activity was measured as indicated in the Methods section. Finally, HDAC isotype activity was measured in rat liver extract using an HDAC1-selective (B61), -unselective (MAL) and an HDAC6-selective (B12) substrate ( Heltweg et al , 2004 ). A2780 tumour cell proliferation was measured using a standard MTT colorimetric assay as indicated in the Methods section. Results are expressed as average IC50 values (n M )±s.d. for three independent experiments. 
Cell line Origin CI (mean ± s.d.) Combination analysis. 
Combination of R306465 and Bortezomib in haematological cell lines in vitro. 
Abbreviations: ALL=acute lymphoblastic leukaemia; AML=acute myeloid leukaemia; CLL=chronic lymphoblastic leukaemia; CML=chronic myeloid leukaemia. 
Tumour cells were incubated with five concentrations of R306465, combined with five concentrations of Bortezomib (PS-341, Velcade®) for 72?h as described in the Methods section. The combination index (CI) was calculated by the Chou et al equation ( Chou et al , 1994 ). For each independent experiment, the median CI was calculated from all relevant CI values corresponding to each drug combination tested. Results are expressed as average IC50 values (n M )±s.d. for three independent experiments. 
41A   41B  . 
Genes represented by the probe mixtures (41A and 41B). 
Probes present in both probe mixtures representing the same gene recognise a different restriction site in corresponding promoter regions. 
Gene SCC AdCa P -value. 
Methylation frequencies in SCCs and AdCAs. 
Genes indicated in bold italics are significantly more frequently methylated in AdCAs than SCCs, and those in bold show a significantly higher frequency of methylation in SCCs. 
  Cervical cancer ( N =140) ESCC ( N =161). 
Patient characteristics. 
      IHC score   Group Total number IV III II I 0 ?I (%) P ?II (%) P. 
Immunohistochemical analysis for p-S6K, p-S6, S6K and p-AKT in cervical cancer tissues. 
      IHC score   Group Total number IV III II I 0 ?1 (%) P ?2 (%) P. 
Immunohistochemical analysis for p-S6K, p-S6, S6K and p-AKT in ESCC tissues. 
  All cases RelA cytoplasmic negative RelA cytoplasmic positive P -values RelA nuclear negative RelA nuclear positive P -values. 
Distribution of clinicopathological characteristics in the study cohort and correlation with cytoplasmic and nuclear RelA expression. 
Fisher's exact test. 
? 2 test for trends. 
  Cases Events Median survival (months) Standard error Log-rank test ( P -values). 
Patient survival in dependence of several clinicopathological factors and cytoplasmic/nuclear RelA expression. 
Patients Sex Age (years) Previous therapies Cetuximab line Regimen Best response Duration of response (weeks). 
Patient's characteristics and response by treatment. 
Abbreviations: BV, bevacizumab; CAP, capecitabine; CAPIRI, irinotecan and CAP; CAPOX, oxaliplatin and CAP; CPT11-b/r, irinotecan-based regimen; CT, clinical trial; F, female; 5FU, fluorouracil; FOLFIRI, irinotecan, 5FU and folinic acid; M, male; FOLFOX, oxaliplatin, 5FU and folinic acid; NA, not applicable; PD, progressive disease; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease. 
Patients EGFR: IHC EGFR : FISH K-Ras : status PTEN: IHC. 
Immunohistochemical, cytogenetic and molecular data. 
Abbreviations: A, EGFR gene amplification; P, chromosome 7 polysomy; P*, polysomy with rare cells showing EGFR amplification; E, eusomy; WT, wild type; Pos, positive; Neg, negative. 
  EGFR (FISH) K-Ras PTEN   E P A WT Mut Pos Neg. 
EGFR and K-Ras gene status, PTEN protein expression: correlation with clinical response to cetuximab. 
Abbreviations: PR, partial response; NR, nonresponder; E, eusomy; P, chromosome 7 polysomy; A, EGFR gene amplification; WT, wild type; Mut, mutated; Pos, positive; Neg, negative. 
Trial name/sponsor Treatments Study phase Patients ( N ) Population. 
Current, recently closed and planned randomized, controlled trials of signal transduction inhibitors and antiestrogens in combination with AI in breast cancer. 
Note : TAM=tamoxifen; ANA=anastrozole; LET=letrozole; FUL=fulvestrant; EXE=exemestane; NR=not reported; ER+=oestrogen receptor-positive; EGFR=epidermal growth-factor receptor; HER-2+=human epidermal growth-factor receptor 2; AI=aromatase inhibitor. 
CALGB=Cancer and Leukemia Group B. 
CFEM=Clinical (Research with) Femara. 
CTRC=Cancer Therapy & Research Center. 
ECOG=Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group. 
EFECT=The Evaluation of Faslodex and Exemstane Clinical Trial. 
EORTC=European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer. 
FACT=The Faslodex and Arimidex in Combination Trial. 
JCCC/NCI=Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center/National Cancer Institute. 
J&J PRD=Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research & Development. 
SCH=Schering Plough. 
SOFEA=Study of Faslodex vs Exemestane with or without Arimidex. 
SWOG=Southwest Oncology Group. 
UAB=University of Alabama. 
UCLA=University of California at Los Angeles. 
VICC=Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center. 
Group AST (IU?l ?1) ALT (IU?l ?1) LDH (IU?l ?1) TP (g?dl ?1) BUN (mg?dl ?1) Cre (mg?dl ?1) Ca (mg?dl ?1). 
The serum variables on day 21 after cell implantation. 
Abbreviations: ALT=alanine aminotransferase; AST=aspartate aminotransferase; BUN=blood urea nitrogen; Ca=calcium; Cre=creatinine; LDH=lactate dehydrogenase; TP=total protein. 
Cell Agents CI at Fa 0.5 Effect CI at Fa 0.9 Effect. 
CI at Fa of 0.5 and 0.9 of YM529 in combination with cisplatin and paclitaxel in bladder cancer cells. 
CI=Combination indexes; Fa=fraction affected. 
  Proportion of lesions positive   p16 p53 p21 CHK2 Lesion type ++ a + a All a ++ + All ++ + All ++ + All. 
Differential expression of p16, p53, p21 and CHK2 in pigmented lesions of increasing malignancy. 
++: fraction of lesions that were predominantly positive (i.e. with 51–100% of cells immunostained), out of number of lesions assessed. +: fraction of lesions with detectable immunostaining up to 50% of cells). All: all positive lesions, sum of + and ++. Lesions were scored (0, +, ++) by two independent observers, who agreed on the scores. 
Some cytoplasmic-only reaction. Reaction generally appeared fainter in melanomas than in naevi. 
Some lesions with intensely positive areas. 
VGP melanomas that were predominantly p16-positive were all relatively small. Columns in bold show a trend between lesion types ( P <0.01, P <0.02, P <0.005, respectively, for p16, p53 and p21, by the ? 2 test). 
Tissue Code Age Diagnosis a Stage b Grade c Type d MtDNA copy number. 
MtDNA copy number and clinicopathological characteristics of patients. 
Abbreviation: mtDNA=mitochondrial DNA. 
The histological types of tumour were classified according to WHO criteria. 
The stage of each carcinoma was established according to the International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) criteria. 
The grades of tumour were classified based on WHO criteria, Grades 1 (well differentiated), 2 (moderately differentiated), and 3 (poorly differentiated). Two carcinoma patients were uninformative on the grading. 
The types of tumour were classified based on recent studies ( Shih Ie and Kurman, 2004 ; Bell, 2005 ), Type I tumours composed of mucinous carcinomas, low-grade serous and endometrioid carcinomas, and clear cell carcinomas. Type II tumours include high-grade serous and endometrioid carcinomas as well as undifferentiated carcinoma. Three adenocarcinomas were treated to be same as serous and endometrioid carcinomas. 
  All patients M? M+     n =202 (100%) n =72 (100%) n =130 (100%) Univariate analysis. 
Clinico-pathological features of the series under study as related to M+ and M? tumours. 
F=female; L=left side; M=male; M+=metastatic tumours; M?=nonmetastatic tumours; NS=not significant; R=right side; Re=rectum; s.d.=standard deviation. 
  All cases K-Ras   B-Raf   p53     No. No. (%)   No. (%)   No. (%)  . 
Genetic alterations: mutation frequencies for K-Ras , B-Raf and p53. 
F=female; L=left side; M=male; M+=metastatic tumours; M?=nonmetastatic tumours; NS=not significant; R=right side; Re=rectum; s.d.=standard deviation. 
  All cases RASSF1A   E-CAD   p16INK4A     No. No. (%)   No. (%)   No. (%)  . 
Epigenetic alterations: promoter methylation frequencies for RASSF1A , E-Cadherin and p16INK4A. 
F=female; L=left side; M=male; M+=metastatic tumours; M?=nonmetastatic tumours; NS=not significant; R=right side; Re=rectum; s.d.=standard deviation. 
Methylated vs nonmethylated=68.86±10.63 vs 63.89±11.99 ( P =0.002). 
    pAkt   Staining No. of patients examined (?) (+) P -value. 
Immunohistochemical analysis of EGFR, HER2 and phosphorylated Akt (pAkt) expression in metastatic liver tumours from 20 gastric cancer patients. 
? 2 test, P -value=0.0191, Fisher's exact test, P -value=0.0573. 
  All patients Oncocytic adenomas Follicular adenomas Follicular carcinomas Papillary carcinomas. 
Characteristics of patients and tumours. 
    Nontumoral tissue ( n =42) Oncocytic adenoma ( n =14) Follicular adenoma ( n =10) Follicular carcinom ( n =5) Papillary carcinoma ( n =31). 
Expression levels of p14ARF, p16INK4A and E2F1 in nontumoral and in tumoral tissues according to histological type. 
The results (medians and minims–maxims) are expressed in 2?? C t*1000 where ? C t= C tGAPDH– C tgene. The Wilcoxon test was used to compare the expression levels between nontumoral and tumoral tissues. P <0.05 is considered statistically significant. Statistically relevant P- values are in bold. 
  mRNA levels IHC MRNA levels IHC   p14 ARF T/N p14 ARF N p14 ARF T p16 INK4 T/N p16 INK4 N p16 INK4 T. 
Immunohistochemical analysis for p14ARF and p16INK4A in normal tissue (N) and thyroid tumours (T) and comparison with their mRNA levels. 
The immunohistochemical results were evaluated using a semiquantitative analysis: no staining reaction=0, <10% positive-stained cells=+, 10–80% positive cells or focal staining=++, >80% positive cells with diffuse staining=+++. Increased expression appeared in red, decreased expression in green and cytoplasmic localisation in blue. Transcriptional upregulation or downregulation was defined by the ratio value between expression level in tumoral tissue and in normal paired tissue ( T/S = 2?? C ttumour/ 2?? C tnormal tissue). A normal interval was defined for this ratio by the 95% confidence interval of mean for normal tissues and was 0.71–1.32 for p14ARF, 0.7–1.40 for p16INK4A (NA=not analysed). 
    Normal tissue Oncocytic adenomas Follicular adenomas Follicular carcinomas Papillary carcinomas. 
mRNA levels correlations between p14ARF, p16INK4A and E2F1 genes in nontumoral and in tumour tissues according to histological type. 
The Spearman rank test was used. The correlation coefficient ( r ) is given with P . P <0.05 is considered statistically significant. Statistically relevant P -values are in bold. 
Target Drug Mode of action/biological activity Side-effects/disadvantages Antiangiogenic potential Reference. 
Specific and nonspecific modulators of adrenomedullin-induced effects. 
  Invasive cancer Total DCIS Nonrecurrent DCIS DCIS with 5 year recurrence. 
COX-2 and survivin expression by tumor type. 
NOTE: n/s= not statistically significant. 
  Protein coexpression   COX-2 ? ? + +   Cytoplasmic Survivin ? + ? + P -value. 
COX-2 and cytoplasmic survivin co-expression in DCIS. 
NOTE: n/s= not significant; ( n =xx) is the total number of patients assessed for each parameter. 
  FDNs ( N =46) PNs ( N =57) P -value. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of patients with flat and depressed neoplasias, and protruding neoplasia. 
FDNs=flat and depressed neoplasias; PNs=protruding neoplasias; CRC=colorectal cancers; NA=not applicable. 
P -value calculated by ? 2 test;. 
P -value calculated by Mann–Whitney U -test;. 
P -value calculated by Fisher's exact test. 
Sample Location Size (mm) Histology Sequence change Codon Amino-acid substitution p-MAPK a. 
Characteristics of colorectal neoplasias with BRAF or KRAS mutations. 
Evaluating systems for immunohistochemical staining for p-MAPK are described in Materials and Methods. P=positive immunostaining; N=negative immunostaining; FN=flat neoplasia; DN=depressed neoplasia; PN=protruding neoplasia; R=rectum; S=sigmoid; D=descending; T=transverse; A=ascending colon; C=cecum; Dukes' A=Dukes' A carcinoma; p-MAPK=phosporylated mitogen-activated protein kinase. 
  Expression of p-MAPK   FDNs ( N =46)   PNs ( N =55)     Type A Type B/C P -value Type A Type B/C P -value. 
Expression of phosphorylated MAPK in flat-depressed and protruding neoplasias compared with clinicopathological and molecular characteristics. 
Evaluating systems for immunohistochemical staining for p-MAPK are described in Materials and Methods. 
The numbers for MSI reflect the numbers of cases among the informative cases. 
p-MAPK=phosphorylated mitogen-activated protein kinase; FDNs=flat and depressed neoplasias; PNs=protruding neoplasias; Left-c=sigmoid and descending colon; Right-c=transverse, ascending colon, and cecum; Mut+=presence of mutation; Mut?=absence of mutation; MSI=microsatellite instability; MSS=microsatellite stable; MSI-L=low-frequency MSI; MSI-H=high-frequency MSI; NA=not applicable. 
P -value calculated by Fisher's exact test;. 
P -value calculated by ? 2 test. 
Assay Orientation Nucleotide sequence (5? ? 3?). 
Primer list. 
Sample Diagnosis, subtype MS-PCR result. 
Results of the MS-PCR. 
MS-PCR=methylation-sensitive PCR; AML=acute myeloid leukaemia; MDS=myelodysplastic syndrome. 
  Adenocarcinoma Squamous cell. 
Characteristics of tumours and patients. 
The staging reported here is the histological staging obtained after surgical resection. 
ADAM (accession number) Tm Cycles Primer Sequence. 
Primer sequences designed for RT–PCR studies. 
  Tumours Controls. 
Expression pattern of several ADAMs and ADAMTS in non-small-cell lung carcinomas measured by semiquantitative RT–PCR. 
Results are expressed as arbitrary units (AU) (mean±s.e.m.) and are normalised for 28S rRNA expression. 
*= P <0.05 vs controls. 
Agent No. of patients Overall response a (%) Time to progression (months). 
Clinical trials involving targeted agents for RCC. 
Summation of partial and complete response based on response evaluation criteria in solid tumours (RECIST). 
Characteristics Radiation sensitive ( n =18) Radiation resistant ( n =9) P -value. 
Patient characteristics. 
OTT: overall treatment time; PFS: progression-free survival; NED: no evidence of disease; AWD: alive with disease; DOD: dead of disease; DWOD: dead without disease. 
One patient had local and paraaortic lymph node recurrence at the same time. 
  pAKT staining     Negative ( n =19) Positive ( n =8)     0 1+ 2+ 3+ Total ( N =27). 
Results of immunohistochemical analysis for pAKT in radiation-sensitive and radiation-resistant cervical cancer tissues. 
The expression of pAKT was significantly more frequent in radiation-resistant than radiation-sensitive tissues ( P=0.004 ). 
  Stage Age Grade TV (cm 3) OTT (days). 
Clinical factors of four pAKT-negative radiation-resistant patients. 
TV: tumour volume; OTT: overall treatment time. 
  Methylated (%) Unmethylated (%). 
Clinicopathological features of ovarian cancer with and without methylation of TCF2. 
Methylation of TCF2 was not associated with the stage of the tumours. 
Methylation of TCF2 was less frequently observed in clear cell types than other types ( P =0.005, Fisher's exact test, two-sided). 
Cell line Origin Grade K-ras p53 p16 ink4A DPC4/Smad4. 
Origin, grade, and genetic mutations of pancreatic cancer cell lines ( Peng et al , 2002 ; Sipos et al , 2003 ; Monti et al , 2004 ). 
mut=mutated; w.t.=wild type. 
  Morphological type Doubling time (h) Population doubling level Colony efficiency in soft agar (%) Tumour formation in nu/nu mice. 
Phenotype and growth of immortalised HOSE1s cells and ovarian cancer cell line (OVCAR-3). 
N.E.=not examined. 
  (A) Chromosome number Cell lines Passage 16 Passage 41. 
Chromosomal analysis of immortalised HOSE1s cells: (A) Chromosomal numbers of immortalised HOSE1s cells; (B) Karyotype analysis of immortalised HOSE1s cells. 
The numbers of cells were a5, b5, and c2 of 12 cells. 
  Cytokeratin Vmientin EMA a Colllagen IV CA125. 
Immunocytochemical profile of immortalised HOSE1s cells. 
EMA=epithelial membrane antigen. +=positive, ?=negative. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of the patients with prostate adenocarcinomas ( n =86). 
 . 
Nuclear and cytoplasmic immunoreactivity to NF- ? B in PACs specimens and clinicopathological characteristics ( n =86). 
? 2 test. 
Student's t test. 
Fisher's exact test. For Spearman's correlation tests, see text. 
  Hazard ratio 95% confidence interval P value. 
Multivariate Cox proportional hazards model analysis of prognostic factors for biochemical relapse in prostate cancer patients. 
In a multivariate analysis including PSA, Gleason, stage, cytoplasmic NF- ? B and nuclear NF- ? B as continuous variables, P -values were 0.8 for PSA; 0.008 for Gleason; and 0.003 nuclear NF- ? B. See text for additional details. 
  Simple MNG MNG adjacent to PTC Primary PTC Metastatic PTC S100A4 labelling ( n =6) ( n =15) ( n =28) ( n =28). 
S100A4 immunostaining in MNG and PTC from primary and metastatic regions. 
Dose level Gemcitabine (mg?m ?2) days 1 and 8 Cisplatin (mg?m ?2) day 1 Tipifarnib (mg twice daily) days 1–7 n. 
Doses of gemcitabine, cisplatin and tipifarnib and number of patients included per dose level. 
  n. 
Patient characteristics. 
  Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4 Level 5 Total. 
Incidence of treatment emergent Grade 3 or 4 haematological and nonhaematological toxicities for all cycles observed. 
One patient treated at dose level 4 developed febrile neutropenia. 
  Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4 Level 5 Total. 
Dose-limiting toxicities in cycle 1. 
Variable Units Gem/cis (s.d.) n =24 gem/cis+tipifarnib (s.d.) n =30 P -value a. 
Mean (s.d.) pharmacokinetic parameters of total and unbound cisplatin, with or without tipifarnib (100–300?mg). 
Two-sided P -value for testing a difference between the two treatments. Only data from patients who completed the study were included. 
Parameter values adjusted to 75?mg?m?2 dose of cisplatin. 
n =24. 
n =29. 
n =17. 
n =28. 
n =23. 
n =12. 
n =16. 
n =22. 
n =15. 
Gem=gemcitabine; cis=cisplatin. 
Variable Units Gem/cis (s.d.) n =23 Gem/cis+tipifarnib (s.d.) n =29 P -value a. 
Mean (s.d.) pharmacokinetic parameters of gemcitabine, dFdU and dFdCTP with or without tipifarnib (100–300?mg). 
Two-sided P -value for testing a difference between the two treatments. Only data from patients who completed the study were included. 
Parameter values adjusted to 750?mg?m?2 dose of gemcitabine. 
n =22. 
n =19. 
n =20. 
n =14. 
n =24. 
n =30. 
n =21. 
n =26. 
Gem=gemcitabine; cis=cisplatin. 
Variable Units Tipifarnib (s.d.) n =20 Tipifarnib+gem/cis (s.d.) n =23 P -value a. 
Mean (s.d.) pharmacokinetic parameters of tipifarnib (200?mg) as monotherapy, or with gemcitabine (750–1000?mg?m?2) and cisplatin (75–100?mg?m?2). 
Two-sided P -value in log-scale for testing a difference between the two treatments. Only data from patients who completed the study were included. 
n =20. 
n =22. 
Gem=gemcitabine; cis=cisplatin. 
Overall response a No. of patients % of patients ( N =27). 
Best response during treatment. 
PR; at least 30% decrease in the sum of the longest diameter of target lesions taking as reference the baseline sum longest diameter. 
SD; neither sufficient shrinkage to qualify for PR nor sufficient increase to qualify for PD taking as reference the smallest sum longest diameter since the treatment started. 
PD; at least a 20% increase in the sum of the longest diameter of target lesions taking as references the smallest sum longest diameter recorded since the treatment started or the appearance of new lesions. 
  RASSF2 methylation status   Characteristics Methylated at U1and D1 Others P -value. 
Correlation between RASSF2 CpG island hypermethylation and clinicopathological characteristics in gastric cancer. 
NS=not significant by Fisher's exact probability test and Mann–Whitney's U -test. 
  CI values (mean±s.e.) Drug combination 75% 90% 95%. 
CI values for the three drug combinations at 75, 90 and 95% levels of inhibition of MIA PaCa-2 cell growth. 
Arrows indicate the sequence of treatment. 
  DRI values (mean±s.e.)   75% 90% 95% Drug combination Fluvastatin Gemcitabine Fluvastatin Gemcitabine Fluvastatin Gemcitabine. 
DRI values for the three combinations at 75, 90 and 95% levels of inhibition of MIA PaCa-2 cell growth. 
Arrows indicate the sequence of treatment. 
  Fold change at hypoxia     No. 16?h 24?h Gene Functional group. 
Mean fold changes of all 32 genes upregulated more than two-fold by hypoxia (0.1%) at 16 and 24?h in cell line EJ28. 
Microarray result of eight biological replicates; genes had to be upregulated more than two-fold with high raw signal intensity (>1000 units) in more than six of eight replicates to avoid false positives and be included in this list. Eight asterisked genes (*) were also significantly upregulated on the in vivo array. EST=expressed sequence tag. 
Cell type   Hours of hypoxia IGFBP-3 Control RNAse4 Control SLC16A3 Control. 
Fold changes of IGFBP-3, RNAse4 and SLC16A3 by hypoxia (0.1%) in bladder cancer cell lines, normal cultured human urothelia and HUVE cells analysed by real-time RT–PCR. 
Three replicates of each experiment were performed and if replicates were more than 0.5 cycles different, the result was not accepted. The control gene Beta-2-microglobulin in each experiment did not differ significantly from normoxia to hypoxia but any trend to change of the control gene is demonstrated by minimal fold changes (range ?1.4 to 1.6). Fold change calculated on the basis of 2 to the power of the change in cycle number at a set threshold. Differences in gene of interest in normoxia and hypoxia all showed a significant difference in average cycle threshold ( P <0.01) unless indicated. Negative values indicate downregulation. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Primers for semiquantitative competitive RT–PCR for human (Hs) cell lines and mouse (Mm) tissues. 
    SH-SY5Y BE(2)-C Gene description GeneBank accession 1?h 24?h 3 days 7 days 1?h 24?h 3 days 7 days. 
Comparison of target gene fold induction by aRA between microarray data (outside parenthesis) and competitive RT–PCR results (inside parenthesis) in neuroblastoma cells treated with 10? ? M aRA. 
(—) represents undetectable by PCR. 
    Calu6 (SK-MES-1) T47D (MDA-MB-231) Gene description GeneBank accession 1?h 24?h 3 days 7 days 1?h 24?h 3 days 7 days. 
Target gene fold induction by aRA in lung and breast cancer cells treated with 10? ? M aRA. 
Calu6 and T47D cells are RA sensitive, while SK-MES-1 and MDA-MB-231 are RA resistant. (—) represents undetectable by PCR. 
Cell line Doubling time(h) Colony-forming aefficiency (%) Tumour bincidence. 
Analysis of the neoplastic phenotype of the UbcH10-transfected rat thyroid cell lines. 
Colony-forming efficiency was calculated by the formula (number of colonies formed/number of plated cells) × 100. 
Tumorigenicity was assayed by injecting 2 × 106 cells into athymic mice (4–6 weeks old). 
  Study group Thames Cancer Registry Statistical significance ( P ). 
Comparison between study and Thames Cancer Registry groups. 
MSI status of paired cancers and statistical comparison of age at cancer presentation. 
  MSI-H MSI-L/MSS     Negative staining   Negative staining   Positive staining MLH1 MSH2 MSH6 Positive staining MLH1 MSH2 MSH6. 
Immunohistochemistry results for multiple and single cancers. 
Patient number MSI status MSH2 expression MLH1 expression MSH6 expression MLH1 methylation Age at presentation. 
Immunohistochemistry and methylation data for ‘paired' cancers. 
?=positive, × =negative, —=not tested. 
Variable Absent/low ID1 expression a ( n =58) High ID1 expression b ( n =61) P -value. 
Immunohistochemical expression of ID1 in 119 vertical growth phase (nodular) melanomas in relation to markers of angiogenesis, lymphangiogenesis and tumour progression. 
NS=not significant. 
Staining index <4. 
Staining index ?4. 
Mann–Whitney U -test. 
Pearson's ? 2 test. 
Bold indicates significant values. 
  BMP3B methylation BMP6 methylation Concurrent BMP3b and BMP6 methylation   NM a M a P -value NM a M a P -value NM a M a P -value. 
BMP methylation and k-ras mutation in NSCLC. 
NM=not methylated; M=methylated. 
?2 test. 
  BMP3b Meth BMP6 Meth Concurrent BMP3b and BMP6 Meth   OR a CI OR a CI OR a CI. 
Logistic regression modelling of BMP methylation and k-ras mutation in NSCLC. 
Controlling for gender and histology. 
  EGFR tyrosine phosphorylation sites Cells Tyr1173 Tyr1148 Tyr1086 Tyr1068 Tyr1045 Tyr992 Tyr845 Average. 
IC50 (n M ) of specific EGFR tyrosine phosphorylation site inhibition by gefitinib. 
  Inhibition of phosphorylation sites Cells PLC- ? AKT ERK STAT3 Average. 
IC50 (n M ) of specific signalling molecule phosphorylation site inhibition by gefitinib. 
Trial Principal investigator (Ref). 
DCIS=ductal carcinoma in situ ; ER=oestrogen receptor. 
  ? 3 expression Parameter Total (%) Negative (%) Positive a (%) P -value. 
Bivariate correlations (Fisher's exact test) between ? 3-integrin expression and patient-, tumour- and therapy-related parameters. 
BT=brachytherapy; EBRT=external-beam radiotherapy. 
Combined group of ‘weak' and ‘strong' ? 3 expression. 
Parameter was not available for all patients. 
  5?yrs – LPFS* 5?yrs – DMFS* 5?yrs – CSS* Parameter % P -value** % P -value** % P -value**. 
Estimates of LPFS, DMFS and CSS 5 years after treatment, determined according to the Kaplan–Meier method* and the univariate analyses (log-rank test**) for various clinicopathological characteristics in our cohort of 82 patients with cervical cancer. 
LPFS=local progression-free survival; DMFS=distant metastasis-free survival; CSS=cause-specific survival. 
Marked parameters were included in multivariate analysis. 
  LPFS DMFS CSS   P -value P -value P -value   RR (95% CI) RR (95% CI) RR (95% CI). 
Multivariate analysis for LPFS, DMFS and CSS according to Cox's regression model in our cohort of 82 patients with cervical cancer. 
LPFS=local progression-free survival; DMFS=distant metastasis-free survival; CSS=cause-specific survival; RR=risk ratio; CI=confidence interval. 
  Change in staining (tumour vs normal tissue) Integrin <0.66 0.66–1.5 1.5–5 5–20 >20. 
Changes in integrin expression in VSCC. 
Paired normal vulval skin and VSCC samples were analysed for integrin expression by immunohistochemical methods. The amount of fluorescence was quantified from images taken using a confocal microscope. The table shows the fold change in integrin staining in the tumour relative to the normal epidermis from the same patient. Changes of 0.66–1.5 are regarded as no change. 
Only five samples were stained with HUTS21. 
Two samples had no detectable integrin ? 4 staining. 
Integrin Change in expression (knockdown cells relative to control). 
Changes in integrin expression in integrin ? 1 knockdown cell lines. 
The expression of integrin ? -subunits relative to control cells was analysed in integrin ? 1 knockdown cell lines by quantitative immune-fluorescence. The results for the three knockdown cell lines (#4, #19 & #20) were averaged to produce the numbers shown above – standard deviation is shown in parentheses. 
Time (days) Treatment %G 0/G 1 %S %G 2/M. 
Cell cycle analysis after treatment with imatinib. 
IM=imatinib mesylate. 
P -value <0.05. 
Gene a Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Primer pairs for quantitative RT–PCR analysis. 
IGHM=immunoglobulin heavy constant mu; SPON1=spondin 1; PKM2=pyruvate kinase muscle type 2; IGKC=immunoglobulin kappa constant region; P4HB=procollagen-proline,2-oxoglutarate-4-dioxygenase,beta; CALR=calreticulin; CAPZB=capping protein muscle Z-line, beta; RALBP1=rala-binding protein 1; SERPINF=pigment epithelium-derived factor. 
UniGene ID Gene Molecular function Chromosomal position Fold change a. 
Genes with high expression levels in TSCCs. 
Fold over-expression for rnicroarray data based on ratio of fluorescence for TSCCs compared to normal control. 
GenBank Accession Number. 
Clinical classification Total Result of immunostaining(no. of patients, %)     RablA(+) RablA(?) P -value. 
Correlation between Rabla expression and clinicopathologic features in human oral cancer. 
Characteristic Number of patients. 
Demographic and clinical characteristics of patients treated on study. 
  Starting dose of BAY 43-9006   50?mg COMB a ( n =7) 100?mg b.i.d. ( n =4) 200?mg b.i.d. ( n =3) 300?mg b.i.d. ( n =5) 400?mg b.i.d. ( n =10) 600?mg b.i.d. b ( n =12) 800?mg b.i.d. ( n =3) Total ( n =44). 
Exposure to BAY 43-9006 in patients with advanced, refractory solid tumours. 
Combination of two different 50?mg presentations of study drug. 
Nine of these patients were reduced to 400?mg b.i.d. due to toxicity. 
Calculated by adding 21 days of study drug treatment for each completed 28-day cycle. 
  50?mg COMB ( n =7) 100?mg b.i.d. ( n =4) 200?mg b.i.d. ( n =3) 300?mg b.i.d. ( n =5) 400?mg b.i.d. ( n =10) 600?mg b.i.d. ( n =12) 800?mg b.i.d. ( n =3) Total ( n =44)   Grade (%) Grade (%) Grade (%) Grade (%) Grade (%) Grade (%) Grade (%) Grade (%)   1/2 3/4 1/2 3/4 1/2 3/4 1/2 3/4 1/2 3/4 1/2 3/4 1/2 3/4 1/2 3/4. 
Incidence of drug-related adverse events occurring in >10% of patients in patients with advanced, refractory solid tumours. 
Adverse events were rated according to National Cancer Institute Common Toxicity Criteria (NCI CTC) Version 2.0. 
ALP=alkaline phosphatase; ALT=alanine aminotransferase; AST=aspartate aminotransferase. 
Other pain excluded arthralgia, myalgia, abdominal pain and cramping, bone pain, tumour pain, and headache. 
Pharmacokinetic parameter BAY 43-9006 dose b.i.d. (mg) n Mean (standard deviation) Range. 
Mean pharmacokinetic parameters for BAY 43-9006 following the first dose (day 1) and multiple (days 7 and 21) b.i.d. oral dosing (geometric means, geometric standard deviations). 
  Starting dose of BAY 43-9006   50?mg COMB (n=7) 100?mg b.i.d. ( n =4) 200?mg b.i.d. ( n =3) 300?mg b.i.d. ( n =5) 400?mg b.i.d. ( n =10) 600?mg b.i.d. ( n =12) 800?mg b.i.d. ( n =3) Total ( n =44) a. 
RECIST (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumours)-defined best response in patients with advanced, refractory solid tumours receiving BAY 43-9006. 
Tumour response was evaluable in 32 patients. 
Samples Gene Exon/region Primer name Primer sequence (5?>3?) Product size (bp). 
PCR primers for BRAF , NRAS , KRAS and HRAS genes. 
(A) Uveal melanoma cell lines Cell line BRAF mutation analysis NRAS mutation analysis KRAS mutation analysis HRAS mutation analysis Total ERK Western Phospho-ERK Western Phospho-MEK Western Phospho-ELK Western. 
Summary of mutation analyses, immunohistochemical and Western blotting data in uveal melanoma cell lines and primary uveal melanomas. 
The level of expression of the Western blotting and immunhistochemistry (IHC) experiments were scored and categorised as either negative (–), weakly positive (+), weak–moderately positive (++), moderately positive (+++) or strongly positive (++++). 
NA=not applicable. 
Study Sample type BRAF mutation frequency NRAS mutation frequency KRAS mutation frequency HRAS mutation frequency Activation of other MAPK members. 
Summary of published RAS and BRAF mutation studies in ocular melanoma. 
Not specified if samples were from primary or secondary tumours. 
All V599E. 
Tumour Dx Other features T stage Furhman grade % tumour VHL status Specific alteration. 
Clinical characteristics and von Hippel–Lindau (VHL) status of 12 RCC tumours. 
Sample EGFR ErbB-2 ErbB-3 ErbB-4 VHL mutation VHL exp. 
Expressiona of ErbB family genes and von Hippel–Lindau (VHL) mutant status in renal cell carcinoma (RCC) cell lines. 
Expressed as % of GAPDH. 
Not determined. 
f.s.=frameshift. 
Differs from lit report. 
Line EGFR ErbB-2 ErbB-3 ErbB-4 VEGF. 
Expressiona of ErbB family genes in 786-O cell lines. 
Expressed as % of ? -actin. 
EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; VEGF=vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Gene Treatment 1–2 rib 3–4 rib Polyrib. 
mRNAa loading on polysomes in WT8 cells. 
Expressed as % ? -actin. 
DMSO=dimethyl sulphoxide. 
Sample EGFR ErbB-2 ErbB-3 ErbB-4. 
Expressiona of mRNA for ErbB Genes in renal cell carcinoma (RCC) tumours. 
Expressed as % of GAPDH. EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; N=normal adjacent kidney; T=tumour. 
Correlation with: (detection method) n = p-ERKl/2 (IHC) p-ERKl (WB) p-ERK2 (WB) ERK-I (WB) ERK-2 (WB). 
Correlations of ERK1, ERK2, p-ERK1and p-ERK2 expression with histological and clinical tumour parameters, cell-cycle regulatory and invasion-associated proteins and AP-1 transcription factors. 
ER=estrogen receptor; NS=not significant; WB=Western blot results; IHC=immunohistochemical data; DOD=death of disease. 
P -values after ? 2 tests below 0.1 are shown. Statistically significant correlations are given in bold letters and inverse correlations are indicated by asterisks. The formation of groups for statistical analysis is described in Materials and Methods. 
Only correlations with P <0.05 are included. 
Category Beta (s.e.) Relative risk (Cl) P -value. 
Multivariate analysis for relapse-free and overall survival as a function of p-ERK1/2 expressiona. 
s.e.=standard error; CI=95% confidence interval; WB=Western blot; IHC=immunohistochemical. 
Cox's regression analysis using forward selection of the variables including stage, grading, ER status and nodal involvement together with either p-ERK1 expression as measured by immunoblots or p-ERK1/2 expression in tumour cells as determined by immunohistochemistry. 
Gene Sequences (5? ? 3?) Products PCR (bp). 
Oligonucleotide primers used in this study. 
q: primers used for quantitative PCR; m: primers used for methylation. 
Relationship between TFPI-2 gene expression, promoter methylation status and clinicopathological features. 
Patient characteristics for tissue analysis by DNA microarraya. 
Patient characteristics were determined according to the Japanese Classification of Gastric Carcinoma (2nd edition). 
N0, none; N1, metastasis to Group 1 lymph nodes; N2, metastasis to Group 2 lymph nodes; N3, metastasis to Group 3 lymph nodes. 
P0, absent; P1, present. 
tub1, well-differentiated tubular adenocarcinoma; tub2, moderately differentiated tubular adenocarcinoma; por1, poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma (solid type); por2, poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma (non-solid type); sig, signet-ring cell carcinoma; ads, adenosquamous carcinoma. 
Cytology in peritoneal washings; CY0, negative; CY1, positive. 
H0, absent; H1, present. 
T1, within mucosa or submucosa; T2, until muscularis propria or subserosa; T3, penetration of serosa; T4, invasion of adjacent structures. 
Patient characteristics for tissue analysis by immunohistochemistrya. 
Patient characteristics were determined according to the Japanese Classification of Gastric Carcinoma (2nd edition). 
N0, none; N1, metastasis to Group 1 lymph nodes; N2, metastasis to Group 2 lymph nodes; N3, metastasis to Group 3 lymph nodes. 
P0, absent; P1, present. 
pap, papillary adenocarcinoma; tub1, well-differentiated tubular adenocarcinoma; tub2, moderately differentiated tubular adenocarcinoma; por1, poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma (solid type); por2, poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma (nonsolid type); sig, signet-ring cell carcinoma; muc, mucinous adenocarcinoma; ads, adenosquamous carcinoma. 
Cytology in peritoneal washings; CY0, negative; CY1, positive. 
H0, absent; H1, present. 
T1, within mucosa or submucosa; T2, until muscularis propria or subserosa; T3, penetration of serosa; T4, invasion of adjacent structures. 
Accession ID a Gene name Normal Tumour MFC b P c. 
Genes commonly upregulated and downregulated in gastric cancers. 
Gene bank accession ID. 
MFC, median fold change; tumour vs normal mucosa (T/N) gene expression values. 
Calculated by Mann–Whitney's U -test. 
    MFC b Accession ID a Gene name Node-negative Node-positive P c. 
Genes with expression altered between node-positive ( n =16) and node-negative ( n =5) tumours. 
Gene bank accession ID. 
MFC, mean fold change; tumour vs normal mucosa (T/N) gene expression values. 
Calculated by Mann–Whitney's U -test. 
Tumour Number of patients Incidence of maspin-positive cells       0 1 2 3  . 
Correlation between lymph node metastasis and imunohistochemistry for maspin protein in 65 patients without distant metastasis. 
? 2 test. 
Family members and characteristic Proband no. (%) Mean age (years) of proband Spouse no. (%) Mean age (years) of spouse. 
Characteristics of families. 
P <0.01, between proportion of relatives in proband and spouse groups who were parents. 
Cancer No. of affected persons in family a Proband families Spouse families OR b 95% CI No. % No. %. 
Distribution of lung and other cancers in proband and spouse families. 
OR=odds ratio; CI=confidence interval. 
P <0.05. 
P <0.01. 
Excludes probands and spouses. 
Crude OR estimate of cancer for relatives of probands vs relatives of spouses. 
No. of relative affected Probands Controls OR a 95%?CI OR b 95%?CI No. % No. %. 
OR for lung cancer according to the number of first-degree relatives (parents, siblings) affected by lung cancer. 
OR=odds ratio; CI=confidence interval. 
P <0.05. 
P <0.01. 
OR, not adjusted. 
OR, adjusted for age, sex, size of the family, commune of residence, COPD, smoking and cumulation index of smoky coal exposure. 
Relative Lung cancer presence Proband Spouse OR1 a 95% CI OR2 b 95% CI. 
Presence or absence of lung cancer in relatives of probands and relatives of spouses. 
OR=odds ratio; CI=confidence interval. 
P <0.01. 
P <0.05. 
OR1, estimate of lung cancer for relatives of probands vs relatives of spouses, not adjusted. 
OR2, estimate of lung cancer for relatives of probands vs relatives of spouses, adjusted for age, sex, birth order, size of the family, commune of residence, COPD, smoking and cumulation index of smoky coal exposure. 
Fathers and brothers. 
Primer pair Oligonucleotide sequence (5?–3?) Position a. 
Primer sequences for amplification of PDGF-R ? and -R ?. 
Nucleotide positions are shown according to the PDGF-R ? and -R ? coding sequences, accession NM_006206 and NM_002609, respectively. 
Patient characteristics. 
Multiple entries possible. 
Reasons for exclusion from evaluation see study flow (Figure 1). ITT, intention to treat; LDH, lactate dehydrogenase; UNL, upper normal limit; ECOG, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group; AJCC, American Joint Committee on Cancer; PP, per protocol. 
Immunohistochemical analysis. 
Biopsies were obtained from metastatic lesions of 12 study patients prior to the onset of imatinib therapy. Processing of tissue specimens, see Patients and Methods. The staining intensity of melanoma cells was graded as follows: +++, strong; ++, moderate; +, weak; ?, negative. Met, metastasis; ND, not done. 
  Patient #02 Patient #05 Patient #16 Patient #18   Female Male Female Male   51 years 62 years 41 years 52 years. 
Tyrosine kinase expression pattern in melanoma tissues and corresponding cell lines. 
Expression of tyrosine kinases was measured in melanoma tissue samples and corresponding cell lines as described in Patients and Methods. The patients are numbered according to the time point of inclusion into the study. 
Sex ( years of age ) CTC a grade 1–2 CTC grade 3 CTC grade 4 Dose modification (%) b. 
Treatment-related toxicity and dose modification. 
Toxicity was graded according to common toxicity criteria (CTC; http://ctep.cancer.gov/reporting/ctc.html ). 
Modification of imatinib dose in terms of reduction of the initial dose of 400?mg bid. A dose reduction of 100% represents complete cessation of study treatment. 
Antigen expression (MIF) OVHS 1 PEO.36 OVCA 433 HEY HOSE 80. 
Expression of ? 6, ? v, ? 1 and ? 4 integrins and uPA and uPAR in ovarian cancer and HOSE cells in response to ascites. 
MIF=mean intensity of fluorescence; as=ascites; ND=not determined. The values are ±s.e.m. of experiments repeated with three different ascites. uPA=urokinase plasminogen activator; uPAR=urokinase plasminogen activator receptor. 
Histology No. of patients Epithelium Basement membrane Blood vessels. 
Expression of ? 6 integrin in 40 normal and ovarian tumour tissues. 
The extent of ? 6 integrin expression was scored in a blind fashion as 0 (<10%), 1 (11–25%), 2 (26–50%), 3 (51–75%), 4 (76–90%) and 5 (>90%). For each tissue, four sections were studied and the whole tissue was analysed. The values in parentheses indicate the number of tissues with the extent of staining indicated in the respective columns. For each tissue, four sections were studied and the entire section was analysed. Epithelial expression of ? 6 integrin was significantly higher in high-grade tumours compared to benign and grade 1 tumours and normal ovaries ( ? 2=27.41, df=12, P <0.05). In contrast, the basement membrane ? 6 integrin expression was lower in high-grade tumours ( ? 2=16.85, df=12, P <0.05), while no significant differences in the blood vessel expression of ? 6 integrin was evident. 
Histology No. of patients Basement membrane Epithelium Blood vessels. 
Expression of uPAR in 40 normal and ovarian tumour tissues. 
The extent of uPAR staining was scored as described for ? 6 integrin staining. Student's t -test was used to test the association between the extent of staining of uPAR and the histological grade of tumour. Greater extent of staining was observed in grade 3 tumours compared to grade 1/2 tumours ( P <0.01). 
Tissue type All cases LPAAT- ? -negative LPAAT- ? -positive P -value. 
Expression of LPAAT- ? in normal ovaries and different types of ovarian tumours. 
Pearson's ? 2, two-sided. 
Characteristic All cases LPAAT- ? -negative LPAAT- ? -positive P -value. 
Association of LPAAT- ? expression and various clinicopathological factors. 
Fisher's exact test, two-sided. 
? 2 for trends. 
Pearson's ? 2, two-sided. 
Characteristic No. of cases Median survival time (months) Standard error Log-rank P -value. 
Univariate Kaplan–Meier survival analysis: median overall survival time of all patients with invasive ovarian carcinoma in dependence of clinicopathological factors and LPAAT- ? expression. 
Characteristic No. of cases Median survival time (months) Standard error Log-rank P -value. 
Univariate Kaplan–Meier survival analysis: median overall and progression-free survival time of patients with invasive ovarian carcinoma in different age groups in dependence of LPAAT- ? expression. 
Cell line Cell type IC 50 ( ? M ). 
In vitro growth-inhibitory activity of gefitinib on NSCLC cell lines in the MTT assay. 
Single target Multiple target. 
Phase of study Targeted therapy Chemotherapy Tumour type/size of study Status. 
CR=complete response; SD=stable disease; PR=partial response; NSCLC=non-small-cell lung cancer; CRC=colorectal cancer; n/a=not applicable. 
  GCI (89) RB 34 RM 24 P -value. 
Clinicopathologic characteristics of patients with gastric cancer from intact stomach (GCI group) and remnant gastric cancer (RB group and RM group). 
P <0.01,. 
P <0.05, NS: not significant. GCI=cancer from intact stomach. RB=remnant gastric cancer arising after distal gastrectomy for peptic ulcer. RM=remnant gastric cancer arising after distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer. 
  RB (34) RM (24) P -value. 
Clinical characteristics of the RB and RM groups. 
Interval=between primary surgery and the appearance of remnant gastric cancer. 
P <0.01, NS: not significant. 
AQP5 immunostaining score 0 1 2 3 Total. 
Other subtypes include three adenosquamous, one mixed squamous and neuroendocrine carcinoma and one sarcomatoid carcinoma. 
Clinical findings Lung cancer (AQP(+)/n?=?69/408) p-value *. 
In this table, AQP5(+) group is defined as cases with moderate and strong expression (score 2, and 3). If all of three groups (groups with expression score of 1, 2, and 3) including the group with weak expression (score 1) are counted, percentage of expression will be significantly high (45.5%, 185/408). 
Pearson X 2 test was used to derive p values, except for age and tumor size where student t-test was performed. 
Other subtypes include three adenosquamous, one mixed squamous and neuroendocrine carcinoma and one sarcomatoid carcinoma. 
Lung cancers are graded by the modified Broder's grading system (HG, histological grade; WD, well differentiated; MD, moderately differentiated; PD, poorly differentiated). 
normal chain a iso -type chain a anteiso -type chain a 10-CH3 chain a    V79 b L1210 c  V79 L1210  V79 L1210 V79 L1210. 
Growth inhibitory activities of compounds 1 – 11 against Chinese hamster V79 and murine leukemia L1210 cells. 
Type of alkyl chain attached at the C-6 position. 
Relative plating efficiency (EC50, ?M) against Chinese hamster V79 cells treated with each compound for 48 h. 
IC50 value (?M) reported in the previous paper [ 1 ]. 
Length of the straight alkyl chain. 
Substituent at the C-5 position. 
Upstream primer sequence Downstream primer sequence Fragment size (bp). 
Antibody Species Titer for IS Titer for WB Source. 
Stage Contig 1 Log odds 2 Predicted subcellular location Annotation Accession# 3. 
Sm numbers are contigs and singlet sequences available at http://www.genedb.org/genedb/smansoni/. 
ln probability that a gene is differentially expressed divided by the ln probability it is not. (Approximately P?0.0001). 
BLAST hit from the UniProt database on which putative function was assigned. 
Category Description Phenotype, False Discovery Rate*   Day 4 Day 7 Day 10 Day 4–10. 
Columns indicate which gene set correlates with a normal (N) or irradiated (I) phenotype; the FDR associated with each correlation follows after a comma. 
False Discovery Rate (FDR) denotes the probability that the association is spurious. 
Diagnoses that may masquerade as difficult/therapy-resistant asthma. 
Factors that may be responsible for poor asthma control Incorrect diagnosis. 
Investigation of difficult/therapy resistant asthma. 
Notes: Ig – immunoglobulin. 
CFTR – cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator. 
Virus Effector Cellular Target Effects Reference. 
Abbreviations: ADV, adenovirus; AEV, avian encephalomyelitis virus; AIF, apoptosis-inducing factor; ANT, adenine nucleotide translocase; BH3, Bcl-2 homology domain 3; BLV, bovine leukemia virus; Casp, caspase; Cdk1, cyclin-dependent kinase 1; CEB, chick embryo brain; Cyt c , cytochrome c ; ??m, mitochondrial transmembrane potential; DFF, DNA fragmentation factor; EBV, Epstein-Barr virus; Env, envelope glycoprotein complex; FMDV, foot-and-mouth disease virus; FPPS, farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase; HBV, hepatitis B virus; HBx, HBV X protein, HCV, hepatitis C virus; HIV-1, human immunodeficiency virus 1; HPV, human papillomavirus; HTLV-1, human T lymphotropic virus 1; IAV, influenza A virus; IMS, mitochondrial intermembrane space; JNK, c-Jun N-terminal kinase; M, matrix protein; MAP2, microtubule-associated protein 2; MMP, mitochondrial membrane permeabilization; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; NF-kB, nuclear factor-kappa B; NS; non structural protein; ORF, open reading frame; P, phosphoprotein P; PARP, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; PLV, poliovirus; PP2A, protein phosphatase 2A; ROS, reactive oxygen species; SARS-CoV; severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus; TNF?, tumor necrosis factor ?; UPR, unfolded protein response; UV, ultraviolet; VDAC, voltage-dependent anion channel; Vpr, viral protein R; VSV, vesicular stomatitis virus; WDSV, Walleye dermal sarcoma virus; WNV, West Nile virus. 
Virus Effector/Target Cellular Target Effect Reference. 
Abbreviations: ADV, adenovirus; ANT, adenine nucleotide translocase; ASFV, African swine fever virus; BCV, baculovirus; Casp, caspase; CIDE-B, cell-death-inducing DFF-45-like effector B; CMV, cytomegalovirus; ??m, mitochondrial transmembrane potential; EBNA, Epstein-Barr nuclear antigen; EBV, Epstein-Barr virus; ER, endoplasmic reticulum; FKBP38, 38-kDa FK506-binding protein FPV, fowl poxvirus; ?HV-68, ?-herpesvirus 68; HAX-1, HS1-associated protein X-1; HHV-8, human herpesvirus 8; HVS, herpesvirus saimiri; KsBcl-2, Kaposi sarcoma Bcl-2; MMP, mitochondrial membrane permeabilization; MOMP, mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization; MPT, mitochondrial permeability transition; MXV, Myxoma virus NF-kB, nuclear factor-kappa B; HPN, herpesvirus pan; HPO, herpesvirus papio; ORF, open reading frame; PBR, peripheral-type benzodiazepine receptor; PPVO, parapoxvirus ORF virus; RID, receptor internalization and degradation complex; TNF?, tumor necrosis factor ?; UV, ultraviolet; VACV, vaccinia virus; vBcl-2, viral Bcl-2; VDAC, voltage-dependent anion channel; vFLIP, viral Fas-associated death domain-like interleukin 1? converting enzyme (FLICE) inhibitory protein; vIAP, viral inhibitor of apoptosis protein; vICA, viral inhibitor of caspase-8 activation; vMAP, viral mitochondrial antiapoptotic protein; vMIA, viral mitochondrial-localized inhibitor of apoptosis. 
    Pancreatic secretion Tissue No. Diagnosis p14M p16M p14M p16M. 
Methylation data within pancreatic secretions and/or tissue specimens. 
  NAD CP PCA. 
Results of methylation analysis (p14M, p16M) in secretions for pats without clinical signs of pancreatic disease (NAD), chronic pancreatitis (CP), or pancreatic carcinoma (PCA). 
    ZOL ( ? M )     Control 0.01 0.1 1 10 100 Taxol. 
Zoledronic acid (ZOL) induces apoptosis in MDA-MB-231 cells only at high concentrations. 
Confluent MDA-MB-231 cells were incubated for 18?h with ZOL at indicated concentrations. Taxol was used as positive control. Results are the mean±s.e.m. of three independent experiments and are expressed as the percentage of positive cells (Bold indicates significance;. 
P <0.05,. 
P <0.01). 
 . 
Effect of zoledronic acid (ZOL) on the expression of chemokine receptor CXCR-4 on MDA-MB-231 cells. 
MDA-MB-231 cells were treated or not by 1? ? M ZOL with or without geranylgeraniol (GGOH) and farnesol (FOH). The effect of ZOL was compared with that of C3 exoenzyme (C3 Exo). The chemokine receptor of SDF-1, CXCR-4, was detected by flow cytometry by indirect immunofluorescence using an FITC-conjugated anti-mouse Ab. Results are the mean±s.e.m. of four independent experiments and are expressed as the percentage of positive cells (Bold indicates significance;. 
P <0.01). 
  Tumour incidence Tumour volume at killing (days: 60, mean) (mm 3) Cell line Exp. 1 Exp. 2 Exp. 1 Exp. 2. 
Tumorigenicity in nude mice of human lung cancer cell line (PC10) or infected with gelsolin expression virus (LNChGsn) or neo-control virus (LNCX). 
The indicated cells were grown as described in Materials and Methods. Two mice per clone were injected subcutaneously into the back with 3×106 cells in a final volume of 100? ? l of BS. Tumour size was measured using a hand calipers every 10 days. Volumes were calculated as described in Materials and Methods. 
Tumours were regressed at days 24 or 50 later Inoculation. 
Carbohydrate metabolism Plastid Criteria 1. 
Proteins of carbohydrate metabolism that were detected and proposed to be wheat amyloplast constituents1. 
1Criteria: 1) Known amyloplast or chloroplast protein in wheat; 2) annotated as amyloplast, plastid or chloroplast protein for other plant species in the BRENDA [100] or NCBI [34] databases, or identified as such in a reference in this paper; 3) Target P [41] predicts a plastid transit peptide for the protein product of the wheat gene or homolog; 4) other members of the same pathway or protein complex are known plastid proteins. The following abbreviations are used: am, amyloplast; ch, chloroplast; cy, cytoplasm; en, endomembrane; gl, glyoxysome; mi, mitochondria; nu, nucleus; ot, other; pe, peroxisome; pl, plastid;. 
Amino acid synthesis . 
Proteins of amino acid metabolism that were detected and proposed to be wheat amyloplast contsituents1. 
1Criteria: as in Table 1. 
Nucleic acid synthesis . 
Proteins involved in synthesis of nucleic acids, porphyrins, isoprenoids, vitamins and fatty acids that were detected and proposed to be wheat amyloplast constituents1. 
1Criteria: as in Table 1. 
Redox systems . 
Proteins involved in redox systems, photosystems, signalling, transport, protein synthesis, assembly and turnover, plastid division, or unknown functions that were detected and proposed to be wheat amyloplast constituents1. 
1Criteria: as in Table 1. 
MiRNA Fold change Expression in recuurent vs Primary MiRGen Transcriptome study 13. 
List of top dysregulated mirnas and their predicted gene targets. 
These represent genes predicted by MiRGen well characterised in ovarian carcinogenesis and also genes identified in an earlier study performed by our group [ 13 ]. 
A. Sterol composition  JCaM2 cells  Jurkat 8.2  Treatments CH+7KC nmol/mg 7KC (%) CH+7KC nmol/mg 7KC (%). 
A. Mean±standard deviation (3 experiments) of total sterol contents (CH+7KC) of JCaM2 and Jurkat 8.2 cells are given in nmol/mg cell protein. 7KC levels are a percentage of total sterol levels. B . Mean±standard deviation (of n images) of GP values at contact sites between JCaM2 cells and beads after 7 min of activation and between Jurkat 8.2 cells and B cells in the presence or absence of antigen after 7 min and 23 min of activation. Statistically significant differences between activation and control sites are indicated with ** P<0.001, * P<0.05. C. Global GP values of JCaM2 cells after 7 min of activation. Normalized GP distributions were fitting to two Gaussian populations (fluid and ordered). The mean GP value (and coverage) of each population is given. 
wt 251–595 1–282 179–595 1–534. 
*p<0.03 versus respective wt. 
p<0.03 versus wt-EGF. 
G1 S G2/M. 
Cell cycle distribution of HER2 transfected MCF-7 cells. 
MCF7 Cells were cultured with (+ Dox) or without (- Dox) doxycycline for 48 hours, incubated with propidium iodide and analyzed for cell cycle distribution by flow cytometry. 
Protein This Study Previous Study Function       Author Protein/Transcript Effect . 
Comparison of differentially expressed proteins identified in this study with previous studies on the effect of temperature. 
Number Protein Description Fold Change at temperature shift (72 hrs vs. 144 hrs) Fold Change at standard culture (72 hrs vs. 144 hrs) Fold Change at 144 hrs (144 hrs at 31°C vs. 144 hrs at 37°C). 
Differential expression of process-dependent proteins at 144 hrs between temperature shifted and standard culture conditions. 
Number Protein Description Fold Change at 144 hrs (144 hrs at 31°C vs. 144 hrs at 37°C). 
Differential expression of proteins at 144 hrs between temperature shifted and standard culture conditions. 
Progeny expressing Eye Score P-value Total Number of Eyes  1 2 3 4 5 6  . 
Table of data used to generate graphs shown in Figure 3 . When control progeny class data were available, the Kolmogorov-Smirnov two-sample test was applied to calculate if the cumulative frequency distributions of the eye scores of the experimental and control progeny classes were statistically different (P?=?0.05). 
          Hypermethylation LOH a Case Gender Location Stage b Pathology N T D1S234 D1S247. 
Clinicopathological features and results of RUNX3 alterations in pancreatic cancer tissues. 
Anap. duc=anaplastic ductal adenocarcinoma; F=female; LOH=loss of heterozygosity; M=male; M=methylated; mod=moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma; N=normal tissue; NI=not informative; Pb=pancreatic body; Pt=pancreatic tail; poor=poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma; Ph=pancreatic head; T=tumour tissue; tub=tubular adenocarcinoma; well=well-differentiated adenocarcinoma; ; —, unmethylated; open circle=LOH detected; closed circle=retention of heterozygosity; LOH*=cases in which LOH was detected in at least one locus. 
The stage classification was performed according to the Pancreatic Cancer Study Group of Japan. 
    Hypermethylation   Variable No. of cases + ? P a. 
Clinicopathological features and results of RUNX3 hypermethylation in pancreatic cancer tissues. 
Analysed by Fisher's exact test or ? 2 test for independence. 
bTumour size according to the Classification of Pancreatic Carcinoma; A=arterial invasion; CH=choledocal invasion; DPM=dissected peripancreatic tissue margin; DU=duodenal invasion; F=female; PL=peripancreatic nerve plexus invasion; M=male; mod=moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma; N=lymph node metastasis; poor=poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma; pTNM=pathological TNM; PV=portal vein invasion; RP=retroperitoneal invasion; S=serosal invasion. 
cClassified according to the classification of The General Rules for the Clinical and Pathological Study of Primary Pancreatic Cancer. April 2002, Pancreatic Cancer Study Group of Japan. 
Variable Odds ratio 95% CI P. 
Multivariate analysis of patients with pancreatic cancer. 
*Statistical significance. 
CI=confidence interval. 
  SAs CADs SCAs   ( n =45) ( n =71) ( n =8). 
Clinicopathologic characteristics of patients with SAs, CADs, and SCAs. 
SAs=serrated adenomas; CADs=conventional adenomas; SCAs=carcinomas invading the submucosa; HYP=hyperplastic polyps; M/F=male/female; Left-c=rectum, sigmoid colon, and descending colon; Right-c=transeverse colon, ascending colon, and caecum; LGD=low-grade dysplasia; HGD=high-grade dysplasia; NA=not applicable. 
BRAF mutations     Nucleotide Amino acids Anatomical site Histologic type. 
Summary of BRAF mutations identified in the NHLs. 
Variable Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis   Hazard ratio (95% CI) P -value Hazard ratio (95% CI) P -value. 
High H2A.Z expression is an independent marker associated with decreased patient survival. 
CI, confidence interval. 
Univariate and multivariate analyses of overall breast cancer patient survival were performed based on Cox proportional-hazards regression models. Hazard ratios with 95% CIs are indicated. Statistically significant observations ( P <0.05) are in boldface. 
PCR Primer Pairs. 
Oligonucleotide sequences used in quantitative real-time RT-PCR analysis. 
  mRNA (% of control) a, b Protein (% of control) a, b   Control RC-3095 RC-3940-II Control RC-3095 RC-3940-II. 
Effect of treatment with RC-3095 and RC-3940-II on mRNA expression and protein levels of bFGF, IGF-I and -II and VEGF in MDA-MB-435 human breast carcinomas. 
Mean±s.e. 
mRNA levels were standardised according to ? -actin mRNA levels, and are expressed as percentage of control value. Protein levels were determined by RIA, as described in ‘Materials and methods’. 
P <0.05 vs control, two-tailed t -test. 
P <0.01 vs control, two-tailed t -test. 
  Control a RC-3095 (% of control) a RC-3940-II (% of control) a. 
Effects of bombesin antagonists RC-3095 and RC-3940-II on the gelatinolytic activity of MMP-2 and MMP-9 in MDA-MB-435 breast cancers. 
Mean±s.e. 
P <0.05 vs control, two-tailed t -test. 
P <0.01 vs control, two-tailed t -test. 
Growth factors Cytokines Chemokines Nuclear transcription factors Other molecules. 
Growth factors, cytokines, chemokines, and other proinflammatory mediators downregulated by PPAR ? activation. PDGF-BB, platelet-derived growth factor-BB homodimer; AP-1, activated protein-1; NF- ? B = nuclear factor- ? B; NFAT = nuclear factor of activated T lymphocytes; STAT = signal transducer and activator of transcription; ICAM, intracellular adhesion molecule; VCAM, vascular cell adhesion molecule; iNOS, inducible nitric oxide synthase. (Adapted with permission from: B. Staels, “PPAR ? and atherosclerosis.” Current Medical Research and Opinion, vol. 21, Suppl. 1, pp. S13-S20, 2005; H. A. Pershadsingh, “Dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha/gamma agonists : in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome.” Treatments in Endocrinology, vol. 5, no. 2, pp. 89-99, 2006.). 
Growth factors Cytokines Chemokines Other proinflammatory molecules. 
Growth factors, cytokines, chemokines, and other proinflammatory mediators upregulated by angiotensin II stimulation. ET-1, endothelin-1; TGF- ? , transforming growth factor- ? ; CTGF, connective tissue growth factor; bFGF, basic fibroblast growth factor; PDGF-AA, platelet-derived growth factor-AA homodimer; EGF, epidermal growth factor; VEGF, vascular endothelial cell growth factor; IL, interleukin; GM-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; TNF- ? , tumor necrosis factor- ? ; MCP-1, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1; MIP, macrophage inflammatory protein; NF- ? B, nuclear factor- ? B; NFAT, nuclear factor of activated T lymphocytes; STAT, signal transducer and activator of transcription; RANTES, regulated on activation, normal T-cell expressed and secreted; IFN- ? , interferon- ? ; PAI-1, plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1; AP-1, activated protein-1. (Adapted with permission from: R. E. Schmieder, K. F. Hilgers, M. P. Schlaich, B. M. Schmidt, “Renin-angiotensin system and cardiovascular risk.” Lancet, vol. 369, no. 9568, pp. 1208-1219, 2007.). 
Parameter TZDs† ARBs* Troglitazone Pioglitazone Rosiglitazone Telmisartan Irbesartan. 
Comparison of pharmacological and other relevant properties of thiazolidinedione (TZD) full PPAR ? agonists and dual angiotensin II type 1 receptor blocker/selective PPAR ? modulator (ARB/SPPAR ? M). 
†Thiazolidinedione full PPAR ? agonists; troglitazone was withdrawn from the market (1998) because of association with rare cases of fatal hepatic failure. Rosiglitazone and pioglitazone have no such known association. 
*Other FDA-approved ARBs had EC50 values > 100 ? M (see [ 37 , 38 ]). EC50 values shown were determined using the standard PPAR ? -GAL4 transactivation assays. 
Cell strain Number of cells 0–2 lateral pseudopods per 10 min 3–5 lateral pseudopods per 10 min >5 lateral pseudopods per 10 min Mean frequency of lateral pseudopods per cell per 10 min. 
Images were taken at a magnification of 40× every 6 s. In all cases, cells were analyzed for 10 min. ?2 test, performed between AX2 and gefQ ? cells on data of the three categories of lateral pseudopods formed, showed highly significant (P > 0.001) difference between AX2 and gefQ ? cells in both buffer and a cAMP gradient. 
AX2 gefQ ?. 
Images were taken at magnification of 20× every 30 s. In all cases, cells were analyzed for at least 10 min. The DIAS software was used to trace individual cells along the image series and calculate motility parameters. Persistence is an estimation of movement in the direction of the path. Directionality is calculated as the net path length divided by the total path length and gives a value of 1 for a straight path. Directional change represents the average change of angle between frames in the direction of movement. Values are mean standard deviation of 30–90 cells from at least three independent experiments. For both strains, all parameters varied significantly between the buffer and cAMP conditions. 
mRNA Differential expression P -value. 
Metalloproteinase axis mRNA expression in lymphocytic infiltrate-positive breast cancer. 
Up and down arrows indicate increased and decreased expression, respectively; NC indicates no change. ADAM, a disintegrin and a metalloproteinase; ADAMTS, ADAM with a thrombospondin domain; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; RECK, reversion-inducing cysteine-rich protein with Kazal motifs; TIMP, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase. 
Reaction Rate equation. 
Rate equations and parameters for each of the 10 reactions in the MAPK pathway diagram (Fig.  1 ). 
The Michaelis–Menten constants ( K I  = 9, K 1 = 10, K 2 = 8, K 3? K 10 = 15) and molecular concentrations are given in nM. [Ras0] is the initial concentration of the input protein or MKKK kinase. The catalytic rate constants ( k 1 =  k 3 =  k 4 =  k 7 =  k 8 = 0.025) and the maximal enzyme rates ( V 2 = 0.25, V 5 =  V 6 = 0.75, V 9 =  V 10 = 0.5) are given in units of s?1 and nM·s?1 respectively (Kholodenko 2000 ). 
Selection order Term index Terms Param’s SSE. 
MAPK model structure obtained from two-stage, forward and backward subset selection. 
The parameters P k and regressor terms ? k selected are given for the case of 100 training samples. The two-stage method selected a new set of terms: {132, 56, 51, 251, 57, 8, 7, 6}. 
Selection order Term index Terms Param’s SSE. 
Brusselator model structure for concentration of X obtained from two-stage, forward and backward subset selection. 
The parameters P k and model terms ? k are given for the case of no. of training samples = 100. The forward and two-stage methods both selected a different set of terms from the pool of 454 candidates. 
Immunoreactivity Air Diesel p value. 
Immunoractivity of investigated antibodies in 15 Air and DE paired subjects participated in study. 
Two sections from each biopsy and exposure were evaluated during investigation of each antibody. 
Bronchial epithelium expression of EGFR, Tyrosine sites and downstream signalling immunoreactivity is given as percentage (%) positively stained area of the total measured epithelial area. All values are quoted as medians with inter-quartile range. Statistical comparisons by Wilcoxon's paired rank test. 
Antibody Clone or Source Dilution Specificity against Source. 
Antibodies used for immunohistochemical staining. 
Candidate Gene CIS Position chr, bp p53?/? versus WT (P Value) p53?/? versus p19ARF?/? (P Value) p19ARF?/? versus WT (P Value) p19ARF?/? versus p53?/? (P Value) WT versus p19ARF?/? (P Value) WT versus p53?/? (P Value). 
Genotype-Specific 30 kb CISs. 
Contingency tables were used to calculate whether CISs were preferentially mutated in any of the three genotypes compared to the other genotypes. The number of insertions in the CIS for the respective genotypes is indicated. p values are between brackets. 
Gene Name (Other Names) # Inserts Total # Tumors Hit Total # Tumors Hit > 1 Expected # Tumors Hit > 1 P Value. 
Genes with Multiple Intragenic Insertions. 
The p value of genes being mutated by two intragenic insertions in the tumors was estimated by comparison to 100,000 permutations of randomized data. 
Accession number Fold ? by Id1 Fold ? by E47ER Genes Accession number Fold ? by Id1 Fold ? by E47ER Genes. 
Genes regulated by Id1 and E47-ER. 
# also known as ROR?; * cDNA with unknown function. 
Exon Primer name Sequence Amplicon size. 
EGFR HRM and sequencing primer sequences. 
# M13 sequences (not shown) are attached to all sequencing primers. 
(*) indicates the position of the mismatched base which is introduced to prevent SNP interference and allele-specific PCR for the common SNPs c.2184+19G>A and c.2361G>T, in intron 18 and exon 20 respectively. 
Exon Mutation type Nucleotide Change AA change N. 
Summary of EGFR mutations detected by sequencing from the 200 NSCLC samples. 
75 mutations were seen in 73 patients. AA: amino acid, N: number of samples. 
* These samples showed an additional exon 20 c.2303G>T (p.S768I) mutation. 
Exon SEQ Positive HRM Positive HRM positive only Sensitivity (%) Specificity (%). 
Summary of EGFR mutation testing by sequencing and HRM. 
* The nine samples containing the SNP c.2508C>T were included. 
SEQ: sequencing, HRM: high resolution melting. 
Mutation AA change N. 
Summary of KRAS exon 2 mutations detected by HRM and sequencing. 
AA: amino acid, N: number of samples. 
Founder Line No Of embryos Medium Supplements No of ICM picked No of stem cell colonies Cell lines Transgenic. 
Establishment of FVB/N ES cells. 
* percent ICM per plated embryo; ** percent colonies per picked ICM. 
# percent transgenic per cell lines. 
WT FVB/N or hemizygous FVB/N males carrying the STAT3-MER transgene (lines 741 and 743) were mated with WT FVB/N females. Blastocysts were cultivated either in presence of LIF or OHT. Outgrown ICM's were picked and cultivated till ES cell colonies were visible. Cells were tested for the presence of the transgene by PCR analysis. As expected it was possible to establish WT ES cells only in presence of LIF but not when OHT alone was added to the culture. Furthermore in presence of OHT both transgenic lines 741 and 743 generated ES cell colonies that were carrying the transgene. Because theoretically only 50% of the blastocysts were expected to be transgene it is to assume that the establishment frequency was almost 100%. After generation of germline competent chimera with the newly established 741 cell line hemizygous transgenic F1 animals were generated and mated with WT FVB/N females. In this breeding the establishment efficiency in presence of OHT was similar to one observed in the parental blastocysts indicating that the STAT3-MER induced stabilization is kept also in the F1 generation. 
Probe set Identifier RefSeq Chr MM/PM fold change MM/PM p-value (t-test) PM fold change PM p-value (t-test) RTQ-PCR fold change. 
Upregulated genes. 
Genes upregulated after STAT3-MER activation through OHT. Microarray values are given as fold changes ratios relative to normalization derived from dCHIP. 13 genes were found to be significantly upregulated when compared with WT FVB/N cells cultivated in presence of LIF. Only genes with a 1.5× fold increase were considered as significant. The mRNA expression levels (mean ± standard deviation, n = 3) of relative to FVB WT control cells were validated by real time PCR analysis, RTQ-PCR values are ratios relative to ?-actin (housekeeper gene) expression. For all selected genes measured, RT-PCR corroborated the rank order of magnitude of expression measured on the microarrays. Calculations were performed with both the PM/MM (perfect match/mismatch) difference model and the PM (perfect match) only model in order to compare the results. 
Probe set Identifier RefSeq Chr MM/PM fold change MM/PM p-value (t-test) PM fold change PM p-value (t-test) RTQ-PCR fold change. 
Downregulated genes. 
Genes downregulated after STAT3-MER activation through OHT. 13 genes were found to be significantly downregulated when compared with WT FVB/N cells cultivated in presence of LIF. Only genes with a 1.5× fold decrease were considered as significant. The expression levels of selected genes were confirmed by real time PCR analysis. Calculations were performed with both the PM/MM (perfect match/mismatch) difference model and the PM (perfect match) only model in order to compare the results. 
Lymph Nodes Spleen Thymus. 
Absolute number of viable B cells and T cells after L-744,832 treatment. 
The number of viable B cells and T cells is shown for cells isolated from either the lymph nodes, spleen, or thymus of mice. The mice are either C57BL/6 (Wild-type) or C57BL/6 transplanted with tumor cells from transgenic mice 28 days earlier (Transplant). The mice were left untreated or treated with L-744,832 for 28 days (L744 × 28) or for the final 7 days (L744 × 7). Total cell number was measured with a Coulter Counter, corrected for cell viability by 7AAD staining, and then multiplied by the relative number of B or T cells determined by B220 or Thy-1 staining, respectively. Data are from the same experiment as shown in Figure 4. 
  Apoptosis index   LN18 LNZ308 Treatment % of CHO SN ( ? g?AGT?ml ?1) > No FasL 2% FasL No FasL 2% FasL. 
Angiotensinogen neither induces apoptosis, nor inhibits or sensitises glioblastoma cells to FasL-induced apoptosis. 
AGT: angiotensinogen. LN18 or LNZ308 cells were treated for 24?h in the absence of FCS either with 1–10% of angiotensinogen-containing supernatant of AGT-transfected CHO cells (0–1.5? ? g AGT?ml?1) or mock-transfected cells, or 2% of FasL-containing supernatant of Neuro2A-FasL cells or a combination of both. At the end of the incubation period, apoptosis index was quantified by measurement of nucleosome fragments in cells. Means of duplicate wells were calculated. 
  Id-1 expression     Score 2 ( n =15) Score 3 ( n =18) Score 4 ( n =20) Score 5 ( n =12) P -value. 
Relationships between Id-1 expression and the clinicopathologic characteristics of pancreatic adenocarcinomas. 
All data are presented as the mean±s.d. 
  Cycle 1 Cycle 2 Cycle ?3   Gr 1/2 Gr 3/4 Gr 1/2 Gr 3/4 Gr 1/2 Gr 3/4. 
Drug-related nonhaematological toxicity at MTDa. 
The classification of drug-related includes a possible, probable, or very likely relationship to R115777 and/or irinotecan treatment. Numbers indicate number of patients out of a total of 6 (5 for cycle ?3) treated with R115777 at 300?mg b.i.d. administered for 14 days in 21-day cycles with irinotecan at 350?mg?m?2 given every 3 weeks. 
Represents the same patient. 
Gr=grade. 
Parameter (?) R115777 (+) R115777 P -value Ratio a. 
Noncompartmental analysis of irinotecan pharmacokinetics. 
C max=peak plasma concentration; AUC48?h=area under the plasma concentration–time curve up to 48?h after irinotecan administration; t 1/2=half-life of the terminal disposition phase; P -value=probability value from a two-sided, paired Student's t -test; n/a=not applicable. 
Based on least-squares means calculated as the ratio of test (irinotecan with R115777) to reference (irinotecan alone), with 90% confidence limits (in log scale and expressed as a percent of single-agent irinotecan) in parentheses. 
Data were obtained from 11–13 patients receiving irinotecan (dose, 200–350?mg?m?2) in the absence (cycle 1) or presence (cycle 2) of oral R115777 (dose, 200?mg b.i.d.) and analysed using noncompartmental analysis. Data are expressed as mean values±s.d., with C max and AUC representing dose-adjusted values (to 350?mg?m?2). 
Data were obtained from 13 patients receiving irinotecan (dose, 350?mg?m?2) in the absence (cycle 1) or presence (cycle 2) of oral R115777 (dose, 200–400?mg b.i.d.), and analysed using noncompartmental analysis. Data are expressed as mean values±s.d. 
Parameter (?) R115777 (+) R115777 Mean diff b P -value. 
Compartmental analysis of irinotecan pharmacokineticsa. 
AUC=simulated area under the plasma concentration–time curve up to 100?h after drug administration; lac=lactone form; car=carboxylate form; CL=clearance; REC=relative extent of conversion (AUCSN-38/AUCirinotecan × 100%); P -value=probability value from a two-sided, paired Student's t -test. 
Data were obtained from 26 patients receiving irinotecan (dose, 200–350?mg?m?2) in the absence (cycle 1) and presence (cycle 2) of oral R115777 (dose, 200–400?mg b.i.d.), and analysed using a population pharmacokinetic model. Data are expressed as dose-normalised (to 350?mg?m?2) mean values±s.d. 
Mean difference (cycle 2–cycle 1)±s.d. 
Function Accession Description TE-2 TE-9 TE-13 KYSE170. 
Downregulated genes in radioresistant sublines in comparison to parent cell lines. 
Representative functions of the genes as previously reported, accession number, gene name, and fold change of each radioresistant subline compared to their parent cell line are shown. Only the genes that showed more than two-fold change in at least three of the four radioresistant sublines are sorted by cDNA microarray data. 
AJCC staging (colorectal cancer) Subject age range (mean) Gender (M/F). 
Demographics of patients with colorectal cancer or normal colon (clinical specimens used in this study). 
  CDKN2A MLH1 Grading (G) LOH b % Aberrant methylation c % Decreased expression d % LOH b % Aberrant methylation c % Decreased expression c %. 
Results of analysis of LOH, methylation and protein expression of CDKN2A and MLH1 in LSCCa. 
The percentage was calculated for the informative cases. 
LOH, loss of heterozygosity; LSCC=larynx squamous cell carcinoma. 
Statistically significant results – P <0.01; ANOVA. 
Statistically significant results – P <0.05; ANOVA. 
Sub groups of proteins with transporter activity # of proteins Sub groups of proteins with transporter activity # of proteins. 
Subgroups of renal proteins with transporter and ion channel activity. 
Cytogenetic risk Cytogenetic finding Number (%) Median survival (months). 
New cytogenetic prognostic subgroups of the German–Austrian MDS Study Group in 1,202 patients treated with supportive care only. 
n.r. Median survival not reached. 
Behavior Spot Swiss-prot Protein ID MW Gel MW Theory pI Gel pI Theory. 
Monocyte proteins altered by LPS or AEBSF. Sorted by Protein ID. Arrows indicate that the protein increased or decreased after LPS or AEBSF. 
Cells Untreated mice 5-FU treated mice HB-19 treated mice. 
MDA-MB-231 tumor bearing mice untreated, and treated with 5-FU or HB-19 were as described in Figure 8B for 8 weeks. Blood samples collected in EDTA were processed using an automated flow cytometric blood cell counter (1 ×103/µl; 2 ×106/µl). The results are presented as the mean areas ±standard deviation for each mice group (n?=?10). Data from untreated and treated group were compared and analyzed using the paired t-test to obtain p value: * p<0.05, ** p<0.01, *** p<0.0001. 
Genes Targeted by Mutation and Hypermethylation. 
Genetic Versus Epigenetic Events in Breast and Colon Cancer. 
Lineage SFK member. 
Expression of SFKs in hematopoietic cells [ 39 ]. 
SFK, Src-family kinase. 
LPS Heat Shock. 
Functional annotations associated with the upregulated LPS- and heat shock-responsive genes, respectively. 
Data are based on the PANTHER database using the default parameters in the database and Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons. 
Description Gene Symbol Fold Change. 
Top 10 genes (based on fold change versus control cells) expressed in response to heat shock stress. 
LPS Heat Shock. 
Functional annotations associated with the downregulated LPS- and heat shock-responsive genes, respectively. 
Data are based on the PANTHER database using the default parameters in the database and Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons. 
Category Term # of genes p-value. 
Top 10 functional annotations for two merged networks upregulated in response to LPS (based on p value). 
The analysis is based on the default parameters in D.A.V.I.D. and uses Benjamini-Hochberg correction for multiple testing. 
Category Term # of genes p-value. 
Top 10 functional annotations for two merged networks upregulated in response to heat shock (based on p value). 
The analysis is based on the default parameters in D.A.V.I.D. and uses Benjamini-Hochberg correction for multiple testing. 
Category Term # of genes p-value. 
Top 10 functional annotations for two merged networks downregulated in response to LPS (based on p value). 
The analysis is based on the default parameters in D.A.V.I.D. and uses Benjamini-Hochberg correction for multiple testing. 
Category Term # of genes p-value. 
Top 10 functional annotations for two merged networks downregulated in response to heat shock (based on p value). 
The analysis is based on the default parameters in D.A.V.I.D. and uses Benjamini-Hochberg correction for multiple testing. 
Category Term # of genes p-value. 
Top 10 functional annotations for two merged networks commonly upregulated in response to both LPS and heat shock (based on p value). 
The analysis is based on the default parameters in D.A.V.I.D. and uses Benjamini-Hochberg correction for multiple testing. 1Intercrine alpha family (small chemokine C-X-C) (chemokine CXC). 
Category Term # of genes p-value. 
Three significant functional annotations for two merged networks commonly downregulated in response to both LPS and heat shock (based on p value). 
The analysis is based on the default parameters in D.A.V.I.D. and uses Benjamini-Hochberg correction for multiple testing. Unlike the other Tables, Table 8 lists only three functional annotations because all other related annotations did not have significant p values (< 0.05) when subjected to Benjamini-Hochberg correction. 
Description Gene Symbol Fold Change. 
Top 10 genes (based on fold change versus control cells) expressed in response to LPS stress. 
Characteristics No. of patients (n = 52). 
Clinicopathological features of patients included in the study. 
Sample (Patient) no. Age (yrs)/Sex Tumor classification Metastasis Tobacco use LOH@ TSC1 LOH@ TSC2 TSC1 (D) TSC2 (D) AKT1 (U) PIK3C2A (U) PDPK1 (U) RHEB (U) FRAP1 (U) RPS6KB1 (U) RPS6 (U) EIF4E (U) EIF4EBP1(D) PTEN (D). 
Clinicopathological characteristics, LOH and gene expression variation in folds* for 16 tumor samples. 
* We defined the cutoff value for determining the upregulation or downregulation of a gene in a tumor sample as ? 1.8 fold difference in its expression between normal and tumor samples [3]. With this criterion, TSC1 , TSC2 , EIF4EBP1 and PTEN genes showed downregulation in 7/16, 11/16, 10/16 and 7/16 tumor samples, respectively. Whereas AKT1 , PIK3C2A , PDPK1 , RHEB , FRAP1 , RPS6KB1 , RPS6 and EIF4E showed upregulation in 10/16, 10/16, 6/16, 9/16, 8/16, 9/16, 10/16 and 10/16 tumor samples, respectively. 
Abbreviations : TNM, Tumor, Node, Metastasis; and ED, Epithelial dysplasia. 
'Yes' in tobacco use refers to addiction to tobacco, bidi and cigarettes for at least 15–20 years. '+' denotes LOH found; '-' denotes no LOH; N/A, not applicable;. 
(D)denotes downregulation of gene expression and (U)denotes upregulation of gene expression across 16 tumor samples. 
Human Rodent. 
Summary of the species differences of PPAR ? . 
References. 
The expression of PPAR ? in cancer. 
Drosophila Gene ID Drosophila Gene Name Human Homology Mouse Homology Description. 
Cells Assays BCR-ABL-GFP* BCR-ABL-GFP + N17 H-Ras* GFP vector*. 
Transforming potential of BCR-ABL-GFP vs. BCR-ABL-GFP + N17 H-Ras. 
* Retroviral titers were matched. 
†Results are shown as the mean ± SD of three independent experiments. 
Mice CML B-lymphoid leukemia/lymphoma ND*. 
Summary of diseases developed in BCR-ABL-GFP and BCR-ABL-GFP + N17 H-Ras mice. 
* Not determined. 
Patient characteristics AQP5 expression p value ‡  ? + . 
Secondary chromosomal change denotes abnormal changes detected from conventional karyotyping test other than bcr-abl amplification; t(9,22). 
Time to resistance represents the interval between the days imatinib mesylate was started to the day resistance to the drug emerged. 
P values were derived from Student's t-test (age and days to resistance) and Fisher-Freeman-Halton exact (other variables). 
SD denotes standard deviation. 
patient AQP5 expression bcr-abl amplification bcr-abl mutation secondary chromosomal change *  Pre R Post R Pre R Post R Pre R Post R Pre R Post R. 
Secondary chromosomal change denotes abnormal changes detected from conventional karyotyping test other than bcr-abl amplification; t(9,22). 
preR and postR denote AQP5 expression level, or the existence of bcr-abl amplification, mutation, or secondary chromosomal change before and after the emergence of imatinib mesylate resistance, respectively. 
Cancer type PPAR ? ligand Combination Inhibitor type Reference. 
Combination therapy with PPAR ? ligands. 
Phase of the Cell Cycle  SubG1 G0/G1 S G2/M. 
Analysis of Cell Cycle was based on DNA content by Propidium Iodide staining assessed by flow cytometry. The values represent means from a total of 10 000 events per group. 
Control 0.01 µM Sim 10 µM Sim 10 µM Sim+Mev. 
Immunocytochemistry for the proteins Golgin 97 and ?-tubulin were used to identify the Golgi apparatus and MTOC, respectively. Percentage of endothelial cells with the Golgi apparatus/MTOC polarised to the leading edge in the Wound Scratch Migration Assay were quantified. All results are presented as mean±SD. ***p<0.001 vs. Control; ###p<0.001 vs. 10 µM Sim; ##p<0.01 vs. 10 µM Sim. 
KCl (mM) Q1 (°C) a Q2 (°C) a. 
Thermal stability of the G-quadruplexes Q1 and Q2 of the G-rich strand 32R of the KRAS promoter in 50 mM Tris–HCl, pH 7.4, KCl as indicated in column 1. 
Value uncertainty is ±1°C. 
Gene Accession number Sequence 5?–3? a Fragment length (bp). 
Primers used for real-time RT–PCR. 
RT–PCR=reverse transcription–PCR. 
Gene-specific primer sequences used for cDNA synthesis are underlined. 
Gene AUC 95% CI. 
Diagnostic accuracies of cancer-associated genes for detection of metastatic disease in lymph nodes derived from CRC patients. 
AUC=area under the curve; CRC=colorectal cancer; CI=confidence interval. 
Variable Categories LN+ P -value Low expression of B2M a P -value. 
Patient information. 
LN+=lymph node positive. 
Low B2M -expressing sample was defined by C t?mean 15-gene set? C t? B2M >4.5. 
Gene AUC a 95% CI. 
Prognostic accuracies of single genes for lymph node metastases using the 15-gene set as an internal reference. 
AUC=area under the curve; CI=confidence interval. 
Area under the curve values were obtained using the mean C t value of the patient sample as an internal reference. 
  No. of patients. 
Patient characteristics. 
Adverse event Grade Dose (mg) Total Number of patients   500 1000 750 b.i.d. 1250 b.i.d. 1500 b.i.d. 1750 b.i.d. 250 b.i.d. n (%)     3 3 8 6 2 4 3 29. 
Possibly or definitely drug-related nonhaematological toxicity in cycle 1 that was observed in more than 10% of all treated patients. 
  Day 1 Day 22 Dose N C max (ng?ml ?1) AUC 0? ? (ng?h?ml ?1) N C max (ng?ml ?1) Cl/F (l?h ?1) AUC 0? ? (ng?h?ml ?1) Ratio AUC 0? ? day 22/day 1. 
Pharmacokinetic parameters of AZD3409 ester and AZD3409 acid on days 1 and 22 after administration of AZD3409. 
—=no data available; AUC0? ? =AUC within one dosing interval. 
Represented as mean and (standard deviation) or as [absolute values] when n <3. 
  Estimate P -value Variable Baseline not included Baseline included Baseline not included Baseline included. 
Statistical significance of dosing variables on the inhibition of FTase activity in PBMCs of patients treated with different doses of AZD3409. 
NA=not applicable. 
Genotype Apc neo K- ras exon 4A. 
Genotyping litters from Apc Min/+, K- ras tm?4A/+ × Apc +/+, K- ras tm?4A/+ crosses to identify informative Apc Min/+, K- ras +/+ and Apc Min/+, K- ras tm?4A/tm?4A offspring. 
+/- = PCR product present/absent respectively (see Methods). 
Genotype Sex Mice per cohort Age (days) ± SEM Tumour number ± SEM Tumour area (mm 2) ± SEM. 
Tumorigenesis in the small intestine of outwardly healthy Apc Min/+, K- ras +/+ and Apc Min/+, K- ras tm?4A/tm?4A mice. 
M, male; F, female. a vs. c P = 0.42; b vs. d P = 0.20; e vs. g P = 0.090; f vs. h P = 0.21; i vs. k P = 0.34;. 
j vs. l P = 0.60; m vs. o P = 0.28; n vs. p P = 0.27 (Student's t -test in each case). 
Acc Gene EnsemblID Official full name. 
The genes of the survival predictor. 
Univariate Cox regression hazard analysis revealed these seven genes best correlating with the survival time (see Material and Methods). The first column indicates the gene accession number in the data set (Acc), the second the gene name, followed by the Ensembl identifier and the official full name. The genes are ordered by their significance in decreasing order. CENPE is the most significant gene. 
Acc Gene Fold change p-value EnsemblID. 
Most significant genes separating good (s) and bad (b) prognosis. 
The most significant differentially expressed genes regarding good ("s") or bad ("b") prognosis determined with a moderate t-test. P-values were corrected for multiple testing [13]. The gene "cell division cycle 2" (CDC2), which is important for the transition G1 to S and G2 to M shows the biggest difference in gene expression between the two groups. This indicates that these cell cycle transitions are part of the difference between the two groups. 
EnsemblID Gene p-value Fold change. 
Genes separating good (s) and bad (b) prognosis not associated with cell cycle and proliferation association. 
Gene Start bp . End bp . Fold change p-value Official full name. 
The best "s" and "b" separating genes of chromosome 9 bands 9p24, 9p21, 9q33, and 9q34. 
A moderate t-test revealed the following ones as the genes with the highest significance. Although the significance is weak, it is quite remarkable that these genes here show a distinct clustering on the basis of genomic positions [see Additional file 4 ]. 
BNIP-H aa 1–287 BNIP-H ? aa189–287. 
The binding between different forms of BNIP-H and Pin1 are as detailed in the text. The + sign denotes relative strength of interactions as determined by co-immunoprecipitation studies. BNIP-H aa 1–287 harbors binding site 1 (aa 191–206) and BNIP-H ? aa 189–287 contains binding site 2 (aa 287–332). 
PPAR ? agonist PPAR ? Tumor type Molecular mediator(s) of apoptosis Reference. 
PPAR ? agonists induce apoptosis in cancer. 
PPAR ? agonist + antitumor agent PPAR ? Tumor type Molecular mediator(s) of apoptosis Reference. 
Combination of anticancer drugs with PPAR ? ligands enhances tumor cell death. 
Functional Classification Numbers of ID Percents in Total. 
Functional classification of identified proteins in T. rubrum conidia based on the KOG database. 
ID indicates all proteins identified in our experiments. 
Genes title Genebank ID Abbreviation Cytoband Ratio (Cy3:Cy5) Description     HBx3?-30 HBx3?-40 . 
Positive and negative transcriptional regulation by HBx mutants in hepatoma cells (>5-fold increase). 
HBx COOH mutation P value. 
The correlation between the Wnt-5a expression and the HBx COOH mutations in HCC tissues. 
Indication Company RNAi platform (target) Clinical stage. 
RNAi based therapies 19 . 
Glioblastoma multiforme and anaplastic astrocytoma Glioblastoma multiforme only Anaplastic astrocytoma only. 
Differentially expressed microRNAs in anaplastic astrocytoma and/or glioblastoma multiforme tumors relative to non-neoplastic brain tissue. 
P-values for all miRNAs are P < 0.05 for comparisons of miRNA expression in tumors versus glioses; for miRNAs in bold P < 0.01. References indicate high-grade astrocytoma miRNA expression studies in which miRNA has been described previously. 
A. 
Transcripts differentially expressed between the procyclic and bloodstream forms of T. brucei . 
ORFs represented by oligonucleotides on the array which gave a PCF to BSF expression ratio (panel A) or BSF to PCF expression (panel B) greater than two by limma or fpmsa analysis, or which had a value of over one for the B statistic in limma are shown. Limma ratios which correspond to a B value of >1 are given in bold. For candidates validated by qRT-PCR, the resulting qRT-PCR ratio is also given. Ratios below two may not be significant. The names of well-characterised genes which can be used as controls to validate the array results are in bold. Asterisk indicates oligonucleotides that hybridise with mRNA derived from more than one ORF [see Additional file 2 ]. 
Fold up (down) vs control     Experiment Gene Accession array qRT-PCR. 
Expression changes accompanying environmental challenge in T. brucei . 
The most significantly altered mRNAs detected by microarray for differing serum conditions, dithiothreitol and tunicamycin treatment, RNAi of VSG or CLH, and Rab5 overexpressing PCF lines are shown. The ratios obtained by qRT-PCR for selected transcripts are also shown. Ratios are given on a linear (not log) scale, and those indicating a reduction compared to the control state are in parentheses. Only ORFs that display at least a two-fold change, by either qRT-PCR or array, are included; except the 4 hour DTT treatment, where only the top ten hits are shown. Ratios which correspond to a value >1 for the B-statistic in limma analysis are shown in bold. 
MiTat vs SMB Gene Accession Fold difference. 
Expression changes associated with in vivo versus in vitro culture of T. brucei . 
Significantly differentially expressed transcripts for in vivo MITat1.1 bloodstream culture vs in vitro SMB culture, and for SMB treated at 4°C for one hour. Ratios are given on a linear scale. Only ORFs which show at least a two-fold change are shown. Ratios which correspond to a value >1 for the B-statistic in limma analysis are shown in bold. 
Table 1A (Cancer) Yu_Gastric&NPC (99 e ) Wang_Breast (286) Sotiriou_Breast (189) Bild_Ovarian (125) Bild_Lung (118). 
Number of genes in the original PGC signatures (e.g., PGC?=?48 genes). 
Number of PGC signature genes that are tightly regulated in the test sets (CV<0.28). 
Total number of tightly regulated genes in the test sets (CV<0.28). 
Statistical significance of PGC signature enrichment, calculated by the hypergeometric distribution test. P-values with significance (<0.01) are highlighted in bold. 
Number of samples in the test data sets. 
Data type Description Representation. 
Data collection description: summary of the data sources. 
gcRMA, robust multi-array analysis with background adjustment for GC content of probes; OMIM, Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man; OPHID, Online Predicted Human Interaction Database; SAGE, serial analysis of gene expression. 
Submission identifier Approach Name Author initials. 
Brief description of function prediction methods used. 
AUC, area under the receiver operating characteristic curve; GO, Gene Ontology. 
Cell type Enzyme Activity (overexpression fold) Flux (% Control) Reference. 
Overexpression of glycolytic enzymes in different cell types. 
Flux to ethanol was for S. cerevisiae and E. coli ; flux to citrate was for A. niger ; and flux to L-lactate was for hamster. 
Overexpressed enzyme (activity fold) Organism (experimental condition) Metabolite (increment fold) Reference. 
GSH and phytochelatin synthesis enzymes overexpression in plants and yeasts. 
(a)The increase was only in roots with no effect on shoots. (b)The increase was only in shoots with no effect on roots. 
Enzyme C v i JATP Rat organ mitochondria Specific inhibitor Inhibition mechanism Reference. 
Control distribution of oxidative phosphorylation. 
Enzyme 1x ? -ECS + PCS 2.5x ? -ECS + PCS C v i J GSH C v i J PC C v i GSH C v i PC C v i J GSH C v i J PC C v i GSH C v i PC. 
Control of GSH and PC synthesis in plants exposed to Cd2+. 
C v i J GSH, control coefficient of enzyme i in GSH synthesis; C v i J PC, control coefficient of enzyme Ei on PCs synthesis; C v i GSH, control coefficient of enzyme i on GSH concentration; C v i PC, control coefficient of enzyme i on PCs concentration. An enzyme with a negative flux control indicates that it is localized in a branch, turning aside the principal flux; an enzyme with a negative concentration control indicates that an increase in its activity decreases metabolite concentration. 
Author No. of participating patients with EGFR mutations Ethnicity EGFR mutation screening method Overall response and disease control rate Complete response (%) Partial response (%) Stable disease (%) Median progression-free survival (Months). 
Prospective studies of gefitinib/erlotinib in EGFR mutation positive NSCLC patients. 
Study subjects Scoring criteria Result Conclusion. 
Detected EGFR copy number using FISH and EGFR-TKI treatment response in NSCLC. 
Sample size Scoring criteria Results Conclusion. 
EGFR protein expression and EGFR-TKI treatment response. 
*Percentage of positive tumor cells per slides ×dominant intensity pattern of staining. 
Cell Line Innoculated Number of Mice with Tumors Mean Tumor Latency Mean Tumor Volume at Sacrifice (mm3)*. 
Growth of HME16C tumors in nude mice. 
Cells infected with control, Ras-expressing, or Rlf-CAAX-expressing retrovirus were injected subcutaneously into nude mice and examined for tumor formation and growth. *For mice injected with H-RasV12S35 cells, includes only sites that formed tumors. 
Gene V12 S35 G37 C40. 
Up-regulation of EGFR ligands in RasV12- and Ras EDM-expressing HME16C. 
Fold up-regulation of the EGFR ligands epiregulin, transforming growth factor alpha (TGFa), and epiregulin in RasV12- and Ras EDM-expressing HME16C as determined by real-time RT-PCR quantification (boldface) and cDNA microarray analysis (in parentheses). 
  miR-Mask AMO Antisense ODN. 
Comparisons among miR-Mask, AMO, and conventional antisense ODN. 
Note: CdR represents coding region; miRNA and mRNA are underlined to highlight the difference. 
  LKB1 mutation     + ? P -value*. 
Frequency of LKB1 mutations in NSCLC tumours and their association with clinicopathological characteristics. 
*Fisher's exact test, NS=not statistically significant ( P >0.05). 
Mutation type No. (%) Mutation Amino acid change Exon Histology. 
The specific LKB1 mutations in NSCLC tumours. 
Ad=Adenocarcinoma; AdSq=Adenosquamous carcinoma; Sq=Squamous cell carcinoma; . 
These mutations were detected in Korean NSCLC patients. 
    LKB1 mutation       + ? P -value*. 
Association of LKB1 mutations with KRAS , BRAF, and EGFR mutations in NSCLC tumours. 
*Fisher's exact test. 
Cell line EGFR genotype HER2 genotype LKB1 genotype. 
LKB1 genotypes of NSCLC cell lines with EGFR or ERBB2 mutations. 
Wt=wild type. 
  All patients ( n =232)   N %. 
Clinicopathological characteristics. 
FIGO= International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics; NOS=not otherwise specified. 
  EGFR pEGFR HER-2/neu pAKT pERK PTEN. 
Results of immunostaining. 
Bold signifies P <0.05. 
Number of evaluable cases (cases with <2 evaluable cores were excluded from the analysis). 
P -value from Wilcoxon rank sum test for comparison of protein expression between tumour samples from primary surgery and from second look. 
P -value from Wilcoxon rank sum test for comparison of protein expression between tumour samples from primary surgery and surgery for recurrent disease. 
  HER2 EGFR pEGFR pAKT pERK PTEN Variable Neg Pos P Neg Pos P Neg Pos P Neg Pos P Neg Pos P Neg Pos P. 
Relationship between proteins and clinicopathological characteristics. 
Neg=negative; Pos=positive; Res. tumour=residual tumour after primary surgery; undiff=undifferentiated. 
P -values are derived from the ? 2-test or Fischer's exact test, where appropriate (*signifies the use of the Fischer's exact test). 
  Univariate Cox regression analysis   Hazard ratio 95% confidence interval P -value. 
Results of univariate survival analysis. 
Bold signifies P <0.05. 
  Multivariate Cox regression analysis   Hazard ratio 95% confidence interval P - value. 
Results of multivariate survival analysis. 
PTEN=phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10; FIGO=International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics. 
Bold signifies P <0.05. 
Parameters Total EGFR PEGFR        n (%) P n (%) P. 
Correlation of EGFR and pEGFR expression with clinicopathological parameters, ER/PR, c-erbB-2, pAkt, uPAR, MMP-14 and VEGFR-1/Flt-1. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ER, oestrogen receptor; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; NS, not significant; pAkt, phosphorylated Akt; pEGFR, phosphorylated epidermal growth factor receptor; PR, progesterone receptor; uPAR, urokinase plasminogen activator receptor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Parameter  Number Percentage. 
Clinicopathological features of the tumor cohort. 
aBased on Nottingham system. bEstrogen receptor-negative, <3 fmol/mg protein. cProgesterone receptor-negative, <15 fmol/mg protein. 
Jab1  Parameter  Number Mean (Standard deviation) P value. 
Correlation between Jab1 expression and clinicopathological features of the estrogen receptor-alpha-negativea subset. 
aEstrogen receptor-negative, <3 fmol/mg protein. bBased on Nottingham system. cProgesterone receptor-negative, <15 fmol/mg protein. EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; NS, not significant. 
Wild type BRAF/RAS 1 BRAF mutated 2 RAS mutated 3. 
BRAF and RAS mutational status of the analyzed cell lines. 
1 Respective cell lines possess neither a BRAF nor a RAS mutation. 
2 Listed cell lines are mutated for BRAF. The mutation is given in brackets. 
3 Listed cell lines are mutated for RAS. The mutation is given in brackets. 
4 the MaMel cell lines are short term biopsy-derived cell lines demonstrating strong concordance with the mutational status of the corresponding tissues [ 24 ]. 
5 Cell lines are hemi- or homozygote for the respective mutation. 
Increase of gene expression Decrease of gene expression. 
Changes of gene expression in V600E mutated melanoma cell lines compared to wild type melanoma cell lines as revealed by microarray gene expression profiling. 
Peptide Aptamers Sequences of variable regions. 
World Health Organization National Cholesterol Education Program International Diabetes Federation. 
Comparison of definitions of metabolic syndrome. 
aEuropeans, Sub-Saharan Africans, and Eastern Mediterranean and Middle East (Arab) populations; bSouth Asians and Ethnic South and Central Americans. HDL, high-density lipoprotein. 
Age group, years Country Percentage in males Percentage in females. 
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in different countries according to the National Cholesterol Education Program criteria. 
Metabolic syndrome prevalence, percentage       Number Mean age, years Women, percentage NCEP WHO NCEP WHO. 
High prevalence of metabolic syndrome in patients with rheumatic diseases. 
NCEP, National Cholesterol Education Program; WHO, World Health Organization. 
Major Group Molecular Classification Fly specific Conserved pY events reported in literature to date Conserved novel pY events not yet reported    # of pY events # of proteins # of pY events # of proteins. 
Protein with putative pY event Accession # Location of pY Disease. 
Transcript Organism Size (nt) Genome map Deregulation Type of cancer References. 
Examples of ncRNAs implicated in cancer (from Prasanth and Spector 2007, with added RNA species. 
SR proteins expression affected by RNAi of hnRNP A1, FUS/TLS, hnRNP H and p68 RNA helicase. 
Log 2 higher than 1 were taken as significant values. 
Protein Identification Peptide sequence Charge Mascot Score Mr (Da) pI SM5 versus Wta SM7 versus Wtb. 
Differentially regulated proteins commonly found in two different tumours, SM5 and SM7. 
The significance level for the peptides given were p < 0.05 when searching in the total database except the protein indicated with (*) that was significant when searching in the mouse part of the database and the peptide given with (**) that was not significant. The non-significant peptide (1363/1367) was included because of the similarity to the significant peptide 1357. 
a Up, protein that is up-regulated in SM5 cells versus wt. Down, protein that is down-regulated in SM5 cells versus wt. 
b Up, protein that is up-regulated in SM7 cells versus wt. Down, protein that is down-regulated in SM7 cells versus wt. 
c X is 2A, 2B, 3 or 5. 
d X is A, B, C, G, H or S. 
Protein Identification Sequence Charge Mascot Score Mr pI SM5 versus wta. 
Differentially regulated proteins in the SM5 tumour. 
The significance level for the peptides given were p < 0.05 when searching in the total database except the peptides indicated with (*) that were significant when searching in the mouse part of the database. 
a Up, protein that is up-regulated in SM5 cells versus wt. Down, protein that is down-regulated in SM5 cells versus wt. 
b The peptide was not given as bold in the search, but was similar to a bold peptide in various other species except that L was exchanged with I. 
Protein Identification Sequence Charge Mascot score Mr pI SM7 versus wta. 
Differentially regulated proteins in the SM7 tumour. 
The significance level for the peptides given were p < 0.05 when searching in the total database except the peptide indicated with (*) that was significant when searching in the mouse part of the database and the peptide given with (**) that was not significant. The non-significant peptide (727) was included because of the similarity to the significant peptide 740. 
a Up, protein that is up-regulated in SM7 cells versus wt. Down, protein that is down-regulated in SM7 cells versus wt. 
b X is 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5. 
Functional annotation clusteringa Function Proteins involved P value. 
Functional annotation clustering of proteins involved in the transformation of tumour cell line SM5. 
a For each cluster is listed the GO term possessing the highest enrichment score using the DAVID bioinformatics Resource [21]. In some cases this GO term was obsolete in which case the nearest well defined term was listed. 
Functional annotation clusteringa Function Proteins involved P value. 
Functional annotation clustering of proteins involved in the transformation of tumour cell line SM7. 
a For each cluster is listed the GO term possessing the highest enrichment score using the DAVID bioinformatics Resource [21]. In some cases this GO term was obsolete in which case the nearest well defined term was listed. 
Polymorphism Genotype Control PTC p* OR $ 95% CI. 
Distribution of polymorphisms in healthy population and thyroid cancer patients (n = 50). 
* Statistical significance of the differences in the frequency of genotypes was assessed, applying two-sided Fisher's exact test to compare between case and control subjects. 
$ The odds ratio (OR) providing a measure for the strength of association demonstrating a particular genotype compared with the control population calculated using the SPSS statistical package (version 11.0). 
P = Present and D = Deletion for GSTM1 and GSTT1 gene. 
Polymorphism Genotype Control group PTC Cases p* OR $ (95%CI). 
Distribution of Xenobiotic genes polymorphisms in healthy population and PTC cases (n = 223). 
* Statistical significance of the differences in the frequency of genotypes was assessed, applying two-sided Fisher's exact test to compare between case and control subjects. 
$ The odds ratio (OR) providing a measure for the strength of association demonstrating a particular genotype compared with the control population calculated using the SPSS statistical package (version 11.0). 
P = Present and D = Deletion for GSTM1 and GSTT1 gene. 
Nondiabetes Diabetes Vehicle Telmisartan Valsartan. 
Systemic data. 
P < 0.05,. 
P < 0.01 vs. nondiabetes. 
Agent Phase Patient. 
Selected ongoing clinical trials of lenalidomide based combination treatment in multiple myeloma. 
Data set Category Species Tissue Study research question Reference. 
Overview on the datasets used for the T2DM meta-analysis approach. 
SourceName mgi_symbol entrezgene refseq_dna HUGO Score Entropy. 
Top thirty T2DM candidate genes (out of 213). 
SourceName Mgi symbol Stumvoll Goldstein 2005 Dean McEntyre 2004 OMIM PubMed Gene RIF KO mice Jax Nandi Accili 2004 score entropy significant gene rank (out of 15,277). 
Results for T2DM OMIM genes. 
Resource Species Resource content Version No. gene sets Reference. 
Overview about the network level, e.g. gene set, resources used in the meta-analysis approach. 
Pathway ID SigSet Set Sig All P-value Q-value Pathway description. 
Gene set enrichment of the most significant KEGG pathways. 
All are the genes under consideration, Sig the number of candidate genes, Set is the number of genes in the pathway under study and SigSet the overlap of genes in the pathway and the candidate genes. P-values were computed with the upper tail of the hypergeometric distribution indicating the probability of observing this overlap by chance. Q-values are the multiple testing corrected P-values [ 60 , 61 ]. 
Transcription factor SigSet Set Sig All P-value Q-value. 
Gene set enrichment of significant TF target sets from Odom et al. [ 17 ]. 
The target sets with a P-value below 0.05 are displayed as an extract [see Additional file 3 ]. Column identifiers as in Table 4. 
Chromosome Gene Name Gene Symbol Status. 
The chromosomal location, gene name and symbol, and Me-DIP-chip enrichment status relative to osteoblasts for U2OS and MG63 cells are indicated. 
Major modifiable and nonmodifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease. 
Features of early vascular ageing (EVA). 
Increased arterial stiffness and pulse wave velocity. 
Impaired endothelial function and vasodilatation. 
Chronic vascular inflammation. 
Intima media thickness and early atherosclerosis. 
Hemorheological disturbances of blood flow. 
Capillary rarefaction and dysfunctional regulation. 
Shorter telomere length/lower telomerase activity. 
Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism. 
Insulin resistance. 
Oxidative stress. 
Arterial calcification. 
Increased deposition of matrix substances. 
Small vessel degeneration in brain and kidney. 
Increased left ventricular heart (LVH) load with hypertrophy. 
Ad-36 positive Ad-36 negative P. 
Association of Ad-36 infection with glycemic control in humans. 
Data are means ± SD unless otherwise indicated. 
Category Term PUM1 p -value PUM2 p -value. 
PANTHER: total 25,431 NCBI annotated genes. 
GO: total 35,541 EBI annotated genes. 
Search option Sequences Motifs (%) p -value. 
Primer  Sequence (5? to 3?)  Position/strand *  Use. 
PCR and Sequencing Primers for Bisulfite-modified Genomic DNA. 
?Position relative to transcription start site; strand refers to the specificity of the primer for the coding or noncoding strand of bisulfite-modified genomic DNA.  . 
Mouse strain:  CD19+/+  CD19?/? Neutralizing antibody: IgM, day 4  IgG, day 12 IgM, day 4  IgG, day 12. 
Dependence of VSV Neutralizing Antibodies on Application Route. 
?Neutralizing titers are indicated as ?log2 of 40-fold prediluted sera. Each number indicates the titer of an individual mouse. Each experiment was repeated once or twice.  . 
Days after immunization  Mouse strain  No. of PNA+ GCs *  No. of 4C11+ GCs *  No. of VSV-specific GCs *. 
Quantitative Analysis of GCs in CD19?/? and Control Mice after Immunization with VSV. 
?Numbers ± SD indicate the amount of GCs counted per 10 visual fields at a magnification of 10.  . 
Clinicopathologic features of patients with a family history of colorectal cancers and those with sporadic colorectal cancers. 
CRC, colorectal cancer; CEA, carcinoembryonic antigen; WD, well-differentiated; MD, moderately differentiated; PD, poorly differentiated; MUC, mucinous. 
Clinicopathologic features of patients according to methyation status. 
MR, methylation-resistant; MP, methylation-prone colorectal cancer; CEA, carcinoembryonic antigen; WD, well-differentiated; MD, moderately differentiated; PD, poorly differentiated; MUC, mucinous; MSI-H, microsatellite instability high frequency; MSI-L, microsatellite instability low frequency; MSS, microsatellite stable. 
Gene (MS) Primers 5'- 3' Position of interrogated CpGs* Ta (°C) Product size (bp) Ref . 
Oligonucleotide sequences, annealing temperatures, and product size for MSP analysis. 
MSP – Methylation-Specific Polymerase Chain Reaction; MS – methylation status; * in relation to transcription start site; Ta – Annealing temperature; bp – base pair; F – forward primer; R – reverse primer. 
Clinical and histopathological features. 
Clinical and histopathological data from patients with UC tumors. 
* 48 patients contributed to this information. 
Variable RARB OR (95% CI) RASSF1A OR (95% CI)  N (a) P (a)  N (a) P (a) . 
Clinical and histopathological prevalence parameters and DNA methylation pattern for RARB and RASSF1A genes in 49 fresh urinary bladder carcinoma tissues. 
#Includes 48 samples; *Includes 49 samples; N – methylation negative; P – methylation positive; (a) patients that showed recurrence among those that were under recurrence at time of the tumor sample collection; (b) according to recommendations of WHO-ISUP 1998 [ 43 ]; OR – odds ratio; CI – confidence interval; ref – referent category; na – not applicable; (1) Fisher's Exact test (? = 0.05). 
Sample Accuracy patterns (%)    RARB RASSF1A  OR Sens . Spec . p (1) OR Sens . Spec . p (1)  (95% CI)    (95% CI)   . 
Accuracy patterns in urinary bladder tumor biopsies and control group bladder washings (cell sediment samples from bladder washings of patients classified as cancer-free by cytological analysis). 
Sens. – Sensitivity; Spec. – Specificity; ref – referent category; CI – confidence interval; (1) Fisher's Exact test (? = 0.05). 
Gene Accuracy patterns (%)  Sensitivity Specificity PPV NPV p (1). 
Accuracy estimatives from MSP for RARB and RASSF1A genes observed in primary and/or previous recurrence of urinary bladder carcinoma and respective washout. 
Cytology results were used as reference to detect the recurrence. 
(1) Fisher's Exact test (? = 0.05); PPV – positive predictive value; NPV – negative predictive value. 
Argument  Associated prepositions. 
Our representation of this predicate is the same as PropBank's. 
Tag    Example. 
Nominalization BioIE (both) BioIE-P450 BioIE-Onc. 
Rows are ordered by frequency of the corresponding verb in the BioIE corpus. The goal was 100 tokens per type. 
BioIE (both) BioIE-P450 BioIE-Onc GENIA. 
Lemma bare -s -ing -ed. 
Dashes indicate that a verbal form did not occur in the corpus. AT ?=?active, transitive, verbal. at ?=?active, transitive, participial modifer. N ?=?nominalization. P ?=?verbal passive. p ?=?adjectival passive. PT ?=?verbal passive, transitive. pt ?=?adjectival passive, transitive. 
Alternation count. 
The top half of the table breaks down the passives by type. The bottom half gives the sum of the passives, and the corresponding number of actives. 
Lemma Trans. Intrans. Couldn't tell. 
Alternation count. 
The top half of the table gives the breakdown among adjectival types. The bottom half of the table gives the sums across all types. 
Nominalization BioIE (both) BioIE-P450 BioIE-Onc GENIA. 
Rows are ordered by frequency of the corresponding verb in the BioIE corpus. 
P450 Onc Both. 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 14/16 possible patterns are attested in 91 tokens (9 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is from the CYP450 section of the corpus. 12/16 possible patterns are attested in 43 tokens (7 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is from the Oncology section of the corpus. 6/16 patterns are attested in 48 tokens (2 can't-tell). 
Alternations Tokens X attested/possible type/token. 
The maximum number possible is 42. Data is given for the full BioIE corpus. The column labelled tokens shows the number of tokens for which no argument was labelled “can't tell.” The column labelled X shows the number of tokens with at least one argument labelled “can't tell.”. 
Alternations Tokens X attested/possible type/token. 
The maximum number possible is 43. Data is given for the full BioIE corpus. The column labelled tokens shows the number of tokens for which no argument was labelled “can't tell.” The column labelled X shows the number of tokens with at least one argument labelled “can't tell.”. 
Alternations Tokens X attested/possible type/token. 
The maximum number possible is 44 and 45, respectively. Data is given for the full BioIE corpus. The column labelled tokens shows the number of tokens for which no argument was labelled “can't tell.” The column labelled X shows the number of tokens with at least one argument labelled “can't tell.”. 
IAA TP FP FN. 
Pre Post Ext Abs X. 
Confusion between NP-external and absent arguments was the largest source of disagreements. Fractions are the count for the cell divided by the number of slots (56). They sum to 1. 
Pre Post Ext Abs. X. 
Pre Post Ext Abs. X. 
The denominator is 28. 
Pre Post Ext Abs X. 
The denominator is 14. 
Pre Post Ext Abs X. 
The denominator is 14. 
Pre Post Ext Abs. X. 
Pre Post Ext Abs. X. 
Semantic role Total Most common syntactic positions. 
See Tables 43 and 44 for the raw data. 
Position Total. 
Only Args 0 and 1 are indicated. Association.02,03 are omitted. See Tables 43 and 44 for the raw data. 
P450 Onc Both. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 3/4 possible patterns are attested in 51 tokens (0 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 14/16 possible patterns are attested in 91 tokens (9 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is from the CYP450 section of the corpus. 12/16 possible patterns are attested in 43 tokens (7 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is from the Oncology section of the corpus. 6/16 patterns are attested in 48 tokens (2 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 24/64 possible patterns are attested in 95 tokens (5 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 19/64 possible patterns are attested in 92 tokens (8 can't-tell). For comparability with other tables in the paper, tokens where any arg is X are omitted from this table, but there are 3 additional tokens where the X is in Arg2 that could be added to this table: 1 Arg0-Ext/Arg1-Ext, and 1 Arg0-Ext/Arg1-Abs. 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 21/1,024 (45) possible patterns are attested in 83 tokens (17 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 6/16 possible patterns are attested in 97 tokens (4 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 5/64 possible patterns are attested in 8 tokens (0 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 10 patterns are attested in 78 tokens (1 can't-tell); the number of possible patterns is greater than 64, but its exact value depends on how reciprocal tokens are handled. 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 2/16 possible patterns are attested in 2 tokens (2 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 1/16 possible patterns are attested in 1 token (0 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 16/256 (44) possible patterns are attested in 29 tokens (2 can't-tell). 
Arg0   Pre Post Ext Abs. 
Data is combined from both parts of the BioIE corpus. 9/64 possible patterns are attested in 58 tokens (7 can't-tell). 
Total Arg0 absent Arg0 external Arg0 post-nom Arg0 pre-nom. 
Note that occurrence is a single-argument predicate and has no Arg0. 
Total Arg1 post-nom Arg1 pre-nom Arg1 absent Arg1 external. 
Lemma Class. 
Verbs are ordered by frequency. Dashes indicate that the verb does not appear in Levin (1993). Bolding indicates that the Levin class seems to fit the semantics of the verb as used in the CYP450 section of the BioIE corpus. 
Selected patient and tumor characteristics. 
Values were rounded up. 
Response   Chemotherapy Line CR PR SD PD NE. 
Response by line of treatment. 
Response   Treatment combination CR PR SD PD NE. 
Response by treatment combination. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; NE, Non-evaluable. 
Number of patients Response Rate TTP on first line with cetuximab  (N = 72) N (%) (months). 
Best response to treatment, and TTP on first line with cetuximab according to EGFR and PTEN status assessed by IHC and FISH. 
Abbreviations: NE, Non-evaluable, NRY, Not reached yet. 
PTEN   Chemotherapy Line Normal Deletion. 
PTEN status (FISH) by chemotherapy line for responders (CR or PR). 
* In 3 patients one of which achieved PR twice PTEN status is unknown. One patient with normal PTEN achieved CR twice. 
Particles Energy Emin–Emax Range. 
Physical characteristics of therapeutic radionuclides. 
Abbreviations: EC, electron capture; IC, internal conversion. 
Notes: average values;. 
monoenergetic. 
  Number of invasive foci per field mean±s.d. Depth of invasion mean±s.d. (?m) Cell line Control 50? ? M EGCG 8.7? ? M 5-aza-dC Control 50? ? M EGCG 8.7? ? M 5-aza-dC. 
Mean number of invasive foci per field and depth of invasion in HSC3 and HSC4 cancer cell lines after treatment with 50? ? M EGCG or 8.7? ? M 5-aza-dC for 6 days. 
P <0.00001;. 
P <0.0001;. 
P <0.001;. 
P <0.005 when compared with control by the Student's t -test. 
HT-29 G 0/ G 1 S G 2/ M. 
Cell cycle distribution (%). 
NT = untreated; E = Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Cx5 = cetuximab 5 nmol/L; Cx10 = cetuximab 10 nmol/L; Gb = gefitinib 1 ?mol/L; Cx5 + E = cetuximab 5 nmol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Cx10 + E = cetuximab 10 nmol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Gb + E = gefitinib 1 ?mol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L. ANOVA One-way analysis of variance Tukey's Multiple Comparison Test. Each point represents a mean of quadruplicate values . 
*Statistically Significant. 
HT-29 Caco-2     Membrane Cytoplasm Membrane Cytoplasm. 
HT-29 and Caco-2 semiquantitative EGFR immunostaining evaluation (FS Cod). 
Membrane = Membrane immunostaining Histoscore; Cytoplasm = Cytoplasmic immunostaining Histoscore; FS Cod = Final Score coded according to cut-off values (see Material and Methods). 
NT = untreated; E = Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Cx5 = cetuximab 5 nmol/L;. 
Cx10 = cetuximab 10 nmol/L; Gb = gefitinib 1 ?mol/L; Cx5 + E = cetuximab 5 nmol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Cx10 + E = cetuximab 10 nmol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L;. 
Gb + E = gefitinib 1 ?mol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L. 
Treatment type E Cx10 Gb Cx10 + E Gb + E        Down Up Down Up Down Up Down Up Down Up. 
Number of genes altered as a function of the treatment type. 
E = Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Cx10 = cetuximab 10 nmol/L; Gb = gefitinib 1 ?mol/L;. 
Cx10 + E = cetuximab 10 nmol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Gb + E = gefitinib 1 ?mol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Down = 1/2 fold; Up = 2 fold. 
Treatment type p-val Pathway affected. 
Pathways significantly represented in the single lines. 
E = Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Cx10 = cetuximab 10 nmol/L; Gb = gefitinib. 1 ?mol/L;. 
Cx10 + E = cetuximab 10 nmol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L; Gb + E = gefitinib 1 ?mol/L + Epidermal growth factor 10 nmol/L. The pathways were considered significant if P ? 0.05. 
IC 50 ( ? M ) a CI b Cell line Enzastaurin Pemetrexed Simultaneous fixed ratio Simultaneous variable ratio Sequential variable ratio. 
Cytotoxic effect and pharmacological interaction of enzastaurin and pemetrexed in NSCLC cell lines. 
IC50 concentrations of the two drugs were calculated as mean values±s.e.m. of at least three independent experiments. 
CI values of simultaneous and sequential enzastaurin-pemetrexed combination at FA of 0.5, 0.75 and 0.9 were averaged for each experiment, and this value was used to calculate the mean between experiments, as described in the Materials and methods section. 
No CI value for this cell line, as A549 cells were less sensitive to pemetrexed compared with the SW1573 cells, and the 48-h exposure to pemetrexed, in the concentration range used in our study, was not enough cytotoxic to allow the correct calculation of the CI values in the enzastaurin (24?h) ? pemetrexed+enzastaurin (48?h) sequential schedule. 
        Agents under investigation in combination with HDI Compound Class Potency Tumour site/type Phase I clinical trials Phase II clinical trials. 
A search of the NCI clinical trial database ( www.cancer.gov/clinicaltrials ) was conducted on 20 December 2007 (protocol search id 3988767) to identify all clinical trials of HDIs in combination with other agents currently recruiting patients. 
AML=acute myeloid leukaemia; ATRA=all- trans retinoic acid; CLL=chronic lymphocytic leukaemia; GBM=glioblastoma multiforme; HDI=histone deacetylase inhibitor; MDS=myelodysplastic syndrome; MM=multiple myeloma; NHL=non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; NSCLC=non-small cell lung cancer. 
Reference Year Finding Method Comments/observations. 
Summary results of studies reporting LKB1 mutation and other related events in lung cancer. 
ADSCC=adenosquamous carcinoma; AD=adenocarcinoma; AAH=atypical adenomatous hyperplasia; LCC=large cell carcinoma; LOH=loss of heterozygosity; NSCLC=non-small-cell lung cancer; PCR=polymerase chain reaction; SmCC=small cell carcinoma; SCC=squamous cell carcinoma. 
Description/genotype Isoform Ratio mutant/control t test p-value Mean SD n  Long Short     . 
Significant difference. 
As compared with GSCs per CpC from the nonmosaic null / CyO control. 
Cellular proteins interacting with Tax1. 
HuH-7/neo HuH-7/bcl-2. 
Glucose consumption and lactate production in HuH-7/neo and HuH-7/bcl-2 cells during 10-day culture. 
Cell line Genotype phenotype. 
P5 Replicative Ras Oncogenic Stress p53ts(32°) Growth arrest. 
This table represents the genes that are the most representative (relative to their median level–based on all conditions) in each particular arrested condition. A threshold equal to 2.30 was chosen for the ratio. Genes are arranged from the lowest to highest ratio. 
Normal Brain Astrocytoma grades I and II Astrocytoma grade III Glioblastoma. 
Relative expression (medians) of HDAC genes in different groups of tumor and normal brain tissue. 
Low-grade astrocytomas × high-grade astrocytomas ( p value). 
Statistical comparison (Kruskall-Wallis analysis) of levels of HDAC expression (medians) between low-grade (astrocytomas grade I and II) and high-grade (astrocytomas grade III and glioblastomas) astrocytomas. 
ns: no significant. 
p value    HDAC1 HDAC2 HDAC3 HDAC8. 
Statistical comparison (Mann-Whitney analysis) of levels of HDAC expression (medians) between tumor groups. 
AI, AII, and AIII mean astrocytoma grades I, II and III, respectively. 
ns: no significant. 
Case Age Sex Histology Stage a Smoking status Tissue sample b P c/M d Metastatic site Time e elapsed between P and M Treatment administered between P and M. 
Patient's clinicopathological characteristics. 
ADC=adenocarcinoma; ADC/BAC=adenocarcinoma with bronchoalveolar features; GCC=giant cell carcinoma; LCC=large cell carcinoma; F=female; M=male; SCC=squamous carcinoma. 
Stage, corresponds to that of the time of primary diagnosis. 
Tissue sample: B, biopsy; S, surgery. 
P, primary tumour. 
M, metastasis. 
Time, months. 
  EGFR mutation status EGFR expression p-EGFR expression K-RAS mutation status     Case Primary Metastasis Primary Metastasis Primary Metastasis Primary Metastasis Gefitinib Response. 
EGFR and K-RAS status in paired primary and metastatic tumours. 
  Primary/metastatic tumour     wt/wt wt/mut mut/wt mut/mut Discordance. 
Combined analysis of EGFR and K-RAS mutation status. 
Del19/Del19 and T790M. 
  Primary tumour status/metastasis status     +ve/+ve ?ve/?ve +ve/?ve ?ve/+ve Discordance. 
EGFR expression as assessed by IHC. 
IHC=immunohistochemistry. 
Subfamily New consensus gene symbols Previous HGNC gene symbols Literature or database aliases/synonyms      Name #1 Name #2 Name #3 Name #4 KIAA# NCBI gene ID Human gene location Accession number (length). 
List of consensus acronyms: ArfGAP = ADP-ribosylation factor GTPase activating proteins. ACAP = ArfGAP with coiled-coil, ankyrin repeat, and PH domains. ADAP = ArfGAP with dual PH domains. AGAP = ArfGAP with GTPase domain, ankyrin repeat, and PH domain. AGFG = ArfGAP with FG repeats. ARAP = ArfGAP with Rho GAP domain, ankyrin repeats and PH domain. ASAP = ArfGAP with SH3 domain, ankyrin repeat, and PH domain. GIT = G protein receptor kinase (GRK) interacting ArfGAP. SMAP = Small ArfGAP. 
List of proposed discontinued acronyms: APP = ArfGAP putative, PIX1-interacting, paxillin binding protein. CAT = Cool-associated tyrosine phosphorylated protein. CTGLF = Centaurin gamma-like family. DEF = differentiation-enhancing factor. HRB = HIV Rev binding protein. PAG = paxillin associated Arf GAP. PAP = Pyk2 associated protein. PKL = paxillin-kinase linker. RAB = HIV Rev-associated binding protein. RIP = HIV Rev-interacting protein. 
Genotype Nutritional status LTR positive Number Percentage of autophagy. 
Numbers in the fourth column refer to the numbers of individual germariums scored in at least seven different animals. 
Genotype Nutritional status LTR positive Number Percentage of autophagy. 
Numbers in the fourth column refer to the number of individual degenerating stage 8 egg chambers scored in at least seven different animals. 
n = 4 animals scored for this genotype. 
No degenerating stage 8 egg chambers detected. 
Genotype Nutritional status TUNEL positive Number Percentage of TUNEL. 
Numbers in the fourth column refer to the number of individual germariums scored in at least seven different animals. 
Genotype Nutritional status TUNEL positive Number Percentage of TUNEL. 
Numbers in the fourth column refer to the number of individual degenerating stage 8 egg chambers scored in at least seven different animals. 
RBC (106/?l) Platelets(106/?l) WBC(103/?l) Neutrophils(103/?l) Lymphocytes(103/?l). 
The representative experiment of hematologic evaluation. 
RBC, platelets, WBC, neutrophils and lymphocyte counts were performed before therapy and at weekly intervals for 4 weeks. The administration of liposomal honokiol plus DDP was described in the Materials and Methods section, The treatment with honokiol, DDP or the combined did not show the significant decrease of the cell counts on day 14 after the therapy, compared with saline alone(P > 0.05), as shown in the table. The similar results were found on day 7, 21, 28 after the therapy. 
Process Potential energy \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}({\Delta}E_{{\mathrm{MM}}})\end{equation*}\end{document} Solvation \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}({\Delta}G_{{\mathrm{PB}}}+{\Delta}G_{{\mathrm{SA}}})\end{equation*}\end{document} Nonwater entropy \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}(-T{\Delta}S)\end{equation*}\end{document} Free energy (sum). 
Contributions to the water-membrane transfer free energy of ANCH (kcal mol?1). 
For brevity \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}{\Delta}G_{{\mathrm{lip}}}^{{\mathrm{p}}{^\ast}{\rightarrow}{\mathrm{p}}{^\ast}{\mathrm{m}}}\end{equation*}\end{document} ? 0.6 kcal mol?1 is included in \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}-T{\Delta}S\end{equation*}\end{document} although it contains an enthalpic component as well. Statistical errors obtained after block averaging over 7 ns subensembles of changes in energies are given as standard deviations (shown in parentheses). 
Error was propagated as the sum of standard deviation values in \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}{\Delta}G_{{\mathrm{PB}}}\end{equation*}\end{document} and \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}{\Delta}G_{{\mathrm{SA}}}.\end{equation*}\end{document}. 
The average error on \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}T{\Delta}S\end{equation*}\end{document} was obtained from a numerical error analysis for \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}S_{{\mathrm{qm}}}^{{\mathrm{h}}}\end{equation*}\end{document} after propagating the error on the difference (see Supplementary Material, Fig. S1 ). 
Standard deviation was computed directly from the \documentclass[10pt]{article} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{pmc} \usepackage[Euler]{upgreek} \pagestyle{empty} \oddsidemargin -1.0in \begin{document} \begin{equation*}p{\rightarrow}p{^\ast}m\end{equation*}\end{document} transition. 
African Americans    . 
Clinicopathological and genetic characteristics of AA CRC cases. 
Iranian    . 
Clinicopathological and genetic characteristics of Iranian CRC cases. 
Omani    . 
Clinicopathological and genetic characteristics of Omani CRC cases. 
Parentheses indicate percentages: All values are based on column except a based on row. MSP = methylation-specific PCR; IHC = immunohistochemistry. 
Factor OR (95% CI) P value. 
Multivariate analysis for the risk factors associated with MSI-H occurrence (Model including single term and interactions effect). 
* indicates the interaction term between two variables. 
Name Description Database term Initial amount. 
List of species for the ARF model. 
Terms starting with:. 
P or Q are from UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot [ 61 ]. 
SBO are from Systems Biology Ontology [ 62 ]. 
CHEBI are from Chemical Entities of Biological Interest Database [ 63 ]. 
Reac No.a Name Term Kinetic law Parameter valuesb . 
List of reactions for the ARF model. 
aReaction numbers correspond to the numbered arrows in Figure 3 , bmol refers to the number of molecules. 
Biological process Parameters changed Effect on period as parameter is increased (decreased) Effect on amplitude as parameter is increased (decreased). 
Summary of sensitivity analysis for the ARF model. 
Key. 
? No change, ? Decrease in period or amplitude, ? Increase in period or amplitude. 
Name Description Database term Initial amount. 
Additional species for the ATM model. (ARF and ARF_Mdm2 were removed). 
Terms starting with:. 
P or Q are from UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot [ 61 ]. 
SBO are from Systems Biology Ontology [ 62 ]. 
Reac No.a Name Term Kinetic law Parameter valuesb . 
List of changed and additional reactions for the ATM model. 
aReaction numbers correspond to the numbered arrows in Figures 3 and 9 , bmol refers to the number of molecules. 
Treatment Percent cells showing membrane ruffling. 
Quantification of membrane ruffling in SYF cells following plasmid transfection. 
SYF cells were transfected and fixed as described in Materials and Methods and membrane ruffling observed by confocal microscopy (a membrane ruffle is defined as a narrow, actin-rich upward protrusion of the membrane). Data is expressed as percent mean ± S.E.M. (standard error of mean) of three independent observations and was analyzed by one-way ANOVA (analysis of variance), followed by Tukey's multiple comparison test. * denotes p < 0.001 as compared to ZipA ?Src transfected group or ZipB p130Cas transfected group. ?Src = v-Src lacking SH2 and SH3 domains, ZipA ?Src = ?Src containing a coiled-coiled domain (FIT-compatible Src), ZipB p130Cas = p130Cas containing a complimentary coiled-coiled domain (FIT-compatible p130Cas). 
Spot No. Gi Identified protein Score Mass pI Cover (%) Matched peptide Total peptide. 
The proteins identified by Mascot search. 
Gi: Accession number, mass: calculated molecular weight, pI: calculated iso-electric point, total peptide: number of the peptide used to search the data base, matched peptide: number of the peptide contained the hit protein, cover: sequence cover ratio with detected peptide on complete amino acid sequence, score: highest hit score of several Mascot searches. 
Characteristic Patients ( n = 12) Controls ( n = 10) P. 
Clinical data for septic patients and healthy controls. 
n.a., not applicable. 
FC Gene symbol Affymetrix probe set ID Gene name. 
Genes differentially expressed between NLPHL and cHL. 
129 genes are differentially expressed between L&H and HRS using ?1.8 as the FC cut-off, and a t test p-value of <0.05/FDR of <0.1 as the statistical cut-off. Out of the 123 genes expressed at higher levels in L&H than in HRS cells, only 27 are also up-regulated in comparison to GC B cells, and they are shown in this table. The remaining 96 genes are down-regulated in HRS cells compared with GC B cells (unpublished data). 
FC Gene symbol Affymetrix probe set ID Gene function. 
L&H cell–specific genes. 
49 genes specifically up-regulated by L&H cells compared with normal and other malignant B cells were identified according to the following criteria: (a) expression above background level in ?4 out of 5 L&H cell profiles and in ?6 out of the 50 normal and other malignant B cell profiles; and (b) greater than or equal to twofold up-regulation in L&H cells and with a t test p-value of ?0.05. Five genes specifically down-regulated in L&H cells were identified according to the following criteria: (a) expression above background level in ?1 out of 5 L&H cell profiles and in ?33 out of the 50 normal and other malignant B cell profiles; and (b) greater than or equal to twofold down-regulation in L&H cells and with a t test p-value ?0.05. The 12 cHL profiles were excluded from the comparison (see Results). For genes with known gene functions, these are indicated. 
Gene name Affymetrix probe set ID FC up-regulation in L&H cells versus GC B cells Positivity in primary NLPHL cases (%) a Positivity in GC B cells. 
Immunohistochemical expression of genes with higher transcript levels in L&H than in GC B cells. 
A case was scored as positive if ?20% of L&H cells showed expression of the respective marker. For CTSB, MMP9, MMP12, LGALS3, and IL21R, the vast majority of L&H cells were positive. Positivity for the expression of EOMES and p-STAT1 in L&H cells ranged from 20–80%. p-STAT1 was detected in a fraction of L&H cells in 11 out of 19 cases of NLPHL, which might underestimate the frequency of positive cases for reasons discussed regarding p-ERK staining. 
Biological Process Gene Name Fold Change Gene Title. 
Differentially Expressed cDNAs (FDR?=?0.05) + ? ND Total. 
ND?=?Not Differential. 
NA?=?Not Applicable. 
Previously identified Markers presented in Table S3 . 
Primary List (FDR<0.05) presented in Table S1 . 
Secondary Lists presented in Tables S2 and S5 . 
Two genes gave no in situ signal (see text for details). 
Tentative gene identifications are underlined (see methods for details). 
Tentative gene identifications are underlined (see methods for details). 
Tentative gene identifications are underlined (see methods for details). 
Tentative gene identifications are underlined (see methods for details). 
Tentative gene identifications are underlined (see methods for details). 
Tentative gene identifications are underlined (see methods for details). 
Cancer Type and number of samples ASHM Frequency Remarks Mutation Frequency for RhoH Ref. 
Aberrant somatic hypermutation of RHOH in human cancers. 
Summary of currently available data on RHOH as a target for ASHM. The general ASHM frequency is defined by the frequency for mutations in at least one of the following genes: PIM1, PAX5, MYC and RHOH, except where otherwise indicated. 
Best hit overall S. cerevisiae S. pombe Animal Plant (Viridiplantae limited) Neurospora Aspergillus Fusarium Magnaporthe Cryphonectria. 
Heterotrimeric G-protein signaling. 
Nearest neighbours of the respective organisms are listed along with E-value as determined by NCBI blastp search, percent identities within fragment and GenBank accession number. 
Ras subfamily Ras GTPase RasGEF RasGAP. 
The superfamily of Ras small GTPases. 
The respective small GTPases are grouped according to their assigned subfamily as suggested by the presence of appropriate protein domains determined by InterPro and NCBI CDD search as well as due to their similarity to known orthologues in GenBank. Guanine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs) and GTPase activating proteins (GAPs) have been associated with the respective GTPase(s), provided that the regulatory target of the orthologue in yeast was known. 
function type ID. 
G-protein coupled receptors of H. jecorina. 
Classification was applied according to [ 24 ]. 
Organism Class I Class II Class III. 
Classification of phosducin proteins in ascomycetes as deduced from phylogenetic analysis. 
Protein class protein ID group Best hit overall Best hit non Trichoderma S. cerevisiae S. pombe Plant (Viridiplantae limited) Neurospora Aspergillus Fusarium Magnaporthe. 
Two component phosphorelay systems. 
Protein class protein ID Best hit overall Drosophila Animal Plant (Viridiplantae limited) Neurospora Aspergillus Fusarium Magnaporthe grisea Ustilago maydis. 
Putative photolyases and cryptochromes. 
Nearest neighbours of the respective organisms are listed along with E-value as determined by NCBI blastp search, percent identities within fragment and GenBank accession number. 
Protein class protein ID Best hit overall Drosophila Animal Plant (Viridiplantae limited) Neurospora Aspergillus Fusarium Magnaporthe grisea Ustilago maydis. 
Casein kinases. 
Nearest neighbours of the respective organisms are listed along with E-value as determined by NCBI blastp search, percent identities within fragment and GenBank accession number. 
class of protein ID subtype. 
Proteins involved in Calcium signaling. 
class of protein ID subtype. 
Ca2+ permeable channels, Cation pumps and Ca2+ transporters. 
protein ID Best hit overall Neurospora Prokaryote Fusarium Animal. 
Phospholipase C proteins. 
Nearest neighbours of the respective organisms are listed along with E-value as determined by NCBI blastp search, percent identities within fragment and GenBank accession number. 
1 h   3 h . 
Microarray identification of the genes that are up- and down-regulated by r-bursicon in the neck-ligated fly assay at 1 and 3 h post r-bursicon injection (? 2.0 folds, p < 0.05). 
The genes in bold were detected at both 1 and 3 h post r-bursicon injection. The name in parenthesis indicates a functional domain. 
N: gene with no known function associated with it. 
Gene name Forward sequence Reverse sequence. 
Gene specific primers for qPCR. 
Tissue Grading CD44s (% of cells) Intensity Score CD44v6 (% of cells) Intensity Score. 
? no staining; + weak; ++ moderate; +++ strong. 
The score incorporates the percentage of cells expressing the given antigen multiplied by the staining intensity (0–3). Grading is according to UICC convention. 
Pathway No of genes examined Co-expression cluster No of gene in cluster Average r Expression in ESCs. 
Conserved transcription factors. 
The transcriptional factors were identified from 5 pathways: AKT/PTEN, CELL CYCLE, JAK/STAT (incl. PI3K), TGF? (incl. ACTIVIN/NODAL and BMP), and WNT. 
Pathway Species Single-gene intervention Double-gene intervention Triple-gene intervention   ESC->EB EB->ESC ESC->EB EB->ESC ESC->EB EB->ESC. 
Network connectivity Fold-change (hESCs) Fold-change (mESCs). 
Positive fold-changes indicate up-regulation of genes in undifferentiated ESCs, while negative fold-changes indicate down-regulation. The up- or down-regulation is significant in all the genes in both hESCs and mESCs (adjusted P value?0.05 by paired t-test). Top 20 hub genes and top transcription factors (connectivity >100) are listed, respectively. 
Sample Normal ducts PanIN Cancer cells Islet cells Acini. 
Immunohistochemistry for BLT2 in pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer. 
c.d.=cadaver donor; CP=chronic pancreatitis; PC=pancreatic cancer.On account of the multiple groups, statistical analysis in the human samples was carried out by Kruskal–Wallis one-way ANOVA with Dunn's method as post hoc test for multiple comparisons. PanIN: pancreatic intraepithelial neoplasia, grade 1a, 1b, 2 and 3. 
Absent: described structures are not present in this tissue section. 
Negative: unstained but present structures. 
‘+' Weak positive staining. 
‘++' Positive staining. 
‘+++' Strong positive staining. 
Sample Normal ducts IPMN Cancer cells Islet cells Acini. 
Immunohistochemistry for BLT2 in IPMNs. 
IPMN=intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasia. 
On account of the multiple groups, statistical analysis in the human samples was carried out by Kruskal–Wallis one-way ANOVA with Dunn's method as post hoc test for multiple comparisons. Absent: described structures are not present in this tissue section. 
Negative: unstained but present structures. 
‘+' Weak positive staining. 
‘++' Positive staining. 
‘+++' Strong positive staining. 
Gene ID Gene Name Gene Description # of Corr. Genes. 
BLpLog selected genes and the number of correlated. 
Genes Gene Description Pathway. 
Highly correlated genes and KEGG pathway. 
A3y ID Gene Description # of Corr. Genes. 
BLpLog selected genes and the number of correlated. 
Genes Gene Description Pathway. 
KEGG pathway and the highly correlated genes. 
AFFY ID Gene Description # of corr Genes. 
BLpLog selected genes and the number of correlated. 
Genes Gene Description Pathway. 
KEGG pathway and the highly correlated genes. 
Disease Disease gene Function/putative function Loss or gain of function References. 
Examples of retinal disease genes that have protein misfolding as part of their pathogenesis. 
Disease Disease gene Phenotype Chaperone system Function/putative function References. 
Retinal dystrophies associated with mutations in chaperones or co-chaperones. 
Lipid Rafts Caveolae Ref. 
Lipids and Proteins Targeted to Lipid Rafts and Caveolae. 
EGF: epidermal growth factor; eNOS: endothelial nitric oxide synthase; Erk: extracellular signal-regulated kinase; IGF: insulin-like growth factor; PDGF: platelet-derived growth factor; Trk: tyrosine kinase receptor; uPAR: urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor. 
The National Cholesterol Education Program's Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP: ATP III , 2001). 
Summary of the Features of the Three NOS Isoforms. 
*VSM=vascular smooth muscle. 
Refs. [ 3 , 8 - 10 , 12 ]. 
Reaction rules describing the Example depicted in Figure 2A . 
The kinetic parameters are specified behind the rules. 
Hierarchical transformation that realizes a Kalman decomposition for the example system depicted in Figure 2A . 
The new states correspond to the occurrence levels of different subcomplexes. The transformation can be structured in different tiers. The previously discussed case of single protein ligand systems can be considered as border case of the underlying transformation pattern. The transformation is independent of the chosen output variables as well as the kinetic properties of the reaction network. However, another choice of output variables may lead to a higher or lower number of observable states. The same holds true for varying kinetic parameters. For given input and output signals the kinetic properties determine whether states are observable and/or controllable. Furthermore, the kinetic parameters also define whether the model equations can be modularized or not. In the considered example the system does not comprise unobservable states and can be divided into five modules if k 8 ? k 9 and k -8 ? k -9. If k 8 = k 9 and k -8 = k -9 the system can be reduced to ten ODEs. 
Reaction rules describing the Example depicted in Figure 2B . 
The kinetic parameters are specified behind the rules. 
Hierarchical transformation for the example system depicted in Figure 2B . 
The new states correspond to the occurrence levels of different subcomplexes. The transformation can be structured in different tiers. The previously discussed case of single protein ligand systems can be considered as border case of the unterlying transformation pattern. 
Reaction rules for the considered example of EGFR dimerization. 
Herein the identifiers X n also indicate that the related domains can be in various states as the identifier * does. However, all domains with the identifier X n within one rule have to be in the same state. If two different identifiers X i and X j occur within one rule the respective domains are not allowed to be in the same state. 
Hierarchical transformation for the example system. 
The new states also correspond to the occurrence levels of different subcomplexes. Due to the symmetric structure of the recptor dimers some species have to be counted twice. For instance the macroscopic state [ R ( EGF , *).*] is an aggregation of all species that comprise a subcomplex consisting of one receptor and one EGF molecule. The two micro-states [ R ( EGF , 0). R (0, 0)] and [ R ( EGF , 0). R ( EGF , 0)] obviously fit into this pattern. However, the state [ R ( EGF , 0). R ( EGF , 0)] has to be counted twice since the regarded subcomplex also occurs twice in this species. Furthermore, the transformation can be structured in six different tiers. 
Reaction rules for the considered example of EGF and insulin receptor crosstalk. 
Transgenic Line Phenotype/Total*. 
Number of Deaf-29 and Deaf-42 transgenic mice exhibiting a side-branching phenotype. 
* Number of mice at 8 weeks exhibiting a phenotype/total number of transgenic mice analyzed. 
ID Name M A t p-value. 
Top 10 differentially expressed genes between Deaf-1 and control samples. 
RT-PCR. 
Primers for RT-PCR and quantitative real-time-PCR analysis. 
Cells injected Leukemia/mice Disease latency a Spleen weight Liver weight. 
Pathological parameters of leukemic mice injected with transduced cells in vivo. 
Time (in days) to death caused by leukemia. 
Variable  All patients n (%) Follow-up n (%). 
Patient characteristics. 
Parameter p-value*. 
Relationship of high RASSF1A labeling index (> 25%) and clinicopathological parameters for the entire study group (n = 318). 
*Spearman nonparametric correlation analysis. 
a Motif ID b Reproducibility c P value for training data d P value for test data. 
Motif associated with histological grades or prognosis identified based on independent datasets. 
a IDs starting from "V$", "JSP$", and "DME$" Motifs denote motifs from the TRANSFAC database, the JASPAR database, and our DME analysis, respectively, followed by values of the threshold parameter for motif searches in parentheses. 
b The number of appearances of sequence feature in 30 searches with bootstrap resampling. 
cd P values calculated by Wilcoxon rank sum tests for training and test data, respectively. 
Clone_Id GenBank_Accn. Homolog definition Description of the best hit/UniGene ID. 
ESTs upregulated by RSV infection. 
Note. 
UniGene ID: Unique gene cluster ID. 
IMAGE: The Integrated Molecular Analysis of Genomes and their Expression. 
ESTs contigs: Sequences were assembled from EST in silico. 
Unclassified: cDNA cannot be matched to known genes in GenBank. 
Unmatched: cDNA has no homologs in either GenBank or dbEST. 
dbEST_Id Clone_Id GenBank_Accn. Homolog definition Description of the best hit/UniGene ID. 
ESTs downregulated by infection. 
Note. 
UniGene ID: Unique gene cluster ID. 
IMAGE: The Integrated Molecular Analysis of Genomes and their Expression. 
ESTs contigs: Sequences were assembled from ESTs in silico. 
Unclassified: cDNA cannot be matched to known genes in GenBank. 
Unmatched: cDNA has no homologs in either GenBank or dbEST. 
Retinoic Acid Treatment melan-a vs. B16     4 hour 10 hour 24 hour 48 hour . 
Numbers of genes significantly differentially expressed relative to untreated B16 cellsa. 
a Significance was determined by Significance Analysis of Microarrays (SAM) with median false discovery rate of 10%, and a minimum fold change of 1.5. 
Over-expressed in melan-a v B16 Under-expressed in melan-a v B16 Total. 
Numbers of genes in the intersections of gene sets generated by the two experiments. 
In both the experiment comparing gene expression in RA-treated B16 cells to that in untreated B16 cells, and the experiment comparing gene expression in melan-a cells to that in B16 cells, significance is determined by SAM with median false discovery rate of 10%, and a minimum fold change of 1.5. Table entries in bold represent genes for which treatment by RA changes the expression in B16 cells towards that in melan-a cells. 
Microarray qRT-PCR    Gene Accession Number B16 48 h RA vs. control melan-a vs. B16 B16 48 h RA vs. control melan-a vs. B16. 
Validation of microarray-based mRNA levels by qRT-PCR. 
All qRT-PCR values were significant by Bonferroni-corrected (n = 14) T-test with p < 0.01 with the exception of starred (*) value. 
Gene Number of Interactions Adjusted p-value. 
Number of interactions among genes in the 203 gene set. 
Genes listed are those which have a statistically significant number of interactions according to Fisher's Exact Test with Holm-Bonferroni adjusted p -value < 0.05. 
Primers Sequence CpG sites Location Length (bp) Annealing temp. (°C). 
Primer sequences and optimized annealing temperatures for each pair of primers. 
Variable Methylation status P -value  Absent Present . 
Univariate analyses of TGFBI methylation in non-small cell lung cancer patients. 
Source of lung cancer specimen Number of methylated CpG sites    0 5–10 16. 
Methylation status of the TGFBI promoter in primary and metastatic (lymph node and remote) lung cancer specimens. 
* P < 0.05. 
Variable Methylation status P -value  Absent Present . 
Univariate analyses of TGFBI methylation in prostate cancer patients. 
Locoregional invasiveness status of prostatectomy specimen Number of methylated CpG sites    0 5–10 16. 
Methylation status of the TGFBI promoter in prostate cancer prostatectomy specimens with or without locoregional invasiveness. 
* P < 0.05. 
Top-level PRINTS classifications of fingerprints No. of observed events* affecting  the whole fingerprint& some of the constituent motifs of the fingerprint$  Type A – insertion/ deletion of a 'complete' fingerprint Type C – insertion/ deletion of a 'partial' fingerprint Type B – truncation of a 'complete' to 'partial' fingerprint Type D – fingerprint is partial in both the isoforms and possess differing number of constituent motifs. 
Classifications of fingerprints involved in insertion/deletion and truncation events. 
*, Events of same insertion/deletion type involving fingerprint members of a PRINTS classification observed among multiple pairs of isoforms from a gene are counted as one. Per every type of insertion/deletion event, the observed numbers involving the five top scoring fingerprint PRINTS classification are underlined. In brackets are given values on what fraction of events involving the PRINTS classification is of the given insertion/deletion type – values > = 35% are in bold; values < = 15% are in italics. Values for Vega data set are given in line 1 and values for ASD data set are given in line 2 in every row. 
&, A fingerprint seen as either 'complete' (with all the constituent motifs) or 'partial' (with only some of the constituent motifs) in an isoform is deleted in the other isoform. 
$, Some of the constituent motifs of a fingerprint ('complete' or 'partial') in an isoform are deleted in the other isoform. 
Domain No. of genes that encode the domain in different lengths among the protein isoforms (& as percentage fraction of genes encoding the domain in the protein isoforms)$ Count of unique domain lengths @ Variation in lengths of the domain among isoforms    Minimal length Maximal length. 
Pfam domains that are frequently truncated among protein isoforms. 
$, presents the number of genes that encode the domain as undergoing truncation event among the protein isoforms. In brackets, is given in terms of percentage fraction of genes that encode the domain in the protein isoforms. Values with Vega data set is shown in line 1, and values with ASD data set is shown in line 2. 
@, the observed lengths were grouped in a manner that any two lengths that differ by 5 or less amino acids is considered as one unique length. 
Pfam Domain No. of genes$ Pfam Description of the domain Associated GO terms Keywords associated with the domain. 
Top 20 Pfam domains that are often inserted or deleted among protein isoforms *. 
$, presents the number of genes in which the domain is seen as undergoing domain insertion/deletion event. In brackets, is given in terms of percentage fraction of genes containing the domain – in what percentage fraction of genes (that contain the domain), the domain undergoes insertion/deletion. 
*, Line 1 gives values from Vega data set and line 2 gives values from ASD data set. 
Domains participating in Swap Events (D1 <--> D2) Domain D1 Domain D2 Description of Domain D1 Description of Domain D2. 
Unique pairs of alternating Pfam domains. 
Percent fraction of genes that show the following events with the domain. Percent fraction of events as per the following types with the domain Pfam domain No. of Genes that encode the domain (in how many of these genes, the domain undergoes change) insertion/deletion Gene-% Truncation Gene-% insertion/deletion Event-% Truncation Event-%. 
Pfam domains and the undergoing events – Gene & events distribution$. 
$, Line 1 gives the values from Vega data set and Line 2 gives the values from ASD data set. 
Domains that particularly undergo insertion/deletion events in a higher fraction of genes (containing the specific domain) as compared to truncation events are: zf-C2H2, PH, Ank, SPRY, KRAB, WD40, Sushi, and EGF. Domains that undergo truncation events in higher fraction of genes (containing the specific domain) as compared to insertion/deletion events: Trypsin, Ras, MHC_1, and ABC_trans. Since Swap events were seen in few instances, they are not considered in deriving this table. 
Cellular target Agent Application Clinical study References. 
Clinical studies of targeted therapy with anti-sense nucleotides, antibodies, kinase inhibitors and other agents in breast cancer. 
BC, breast cancer; COX, cyclo-oxygenase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HER, human epidermal growth factor receptor; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; TRAIL, tumour necrosis factor-related apoptosis inducing ligand; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Cancer type Source of tissue or cell line Application of the study or study design Observed functional effects of IGFBP-5 Ref. 
Biological roles of insulin-like growth factor binding protein 5 (IGFBP-5) in different types of cancer. 
1?,25(OH) 2D3 = 1?,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3; IGF = insulin-like growth factor; IGFBP = insulin-like growth factor binding protein. 
Comparison      PR- over PR+ ERBB2- over ERBB2+ Age     Gene set NES Nominal P FWER P NES Nominal P FWER P NES Nominal P FWER P. 
Gene set enrichment analysis of 394 ER-positive breast cancers: part 1. 
Gene sets showing nominal enrichment ( P < 0.05) are denoted in bold. aMitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) [ 42 ], luminal [ 54 ], sustained estrogen-induced [ 43 ], and proliferation signatures [ 53 ] as shown in Additional file 2 . E2, estradiol; ER, estrogen receptor; FWER, family-wise error rate; NES, normalized enrichment score; Ox-E/ER, oxidant-sensitive estrogen/ER gene signature; PR, progesterone receptor. 
Comparison      LN- over LN+ Grade 3 over grade 1 Grade 3 over grade 2 Grade 2 over grade 1     Gene set NES Nominal P FWER P NES Nominal P FWER P NES Nominal P FWER P NES Nominal P FWER P. 
Gene set enrichment analysis of 394 ER-positive breast cancers: part 2. 
Gene sets showing nominal enrichment (p < 0.05) are denoted in bold. 
Gene sets showing nominal enrichment ( P < 0.05) are denoted in bold. aMitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) [ 42 ], luminal [ 54 ], sustained estrogen-induced [ 43 ], and proliferation signatures [ 53 ] as shown in Additional file 2 . E2, estradiol; ER, estrogen receptor; FWER, family-wise error rate; LN, lymph node; NES, normalized enrichment score; Ox-E/ER, oxidant-sensitive estrogen/ER gene signature; PR, progesterone receptor. 
Affymetrix probe set ID UniGene symbol E/ER sensitivity Oxidant sensitivity Fold change          E deprivation ER-? knockdown 8 hours diamide 8 hours H2O2 8 hours menadione. 
Ox-E/ER gene signature. 
E, estrogen; ER, estrogen receptor. 
Conventional PCR conditions. 
Details of polymerase chain reaction (PCR) primers, probes, and amplicon sizes. 
PDAR, pre-developed assay reagent. 
Laboratory number Histological grade Age, years Source. 
Details of human nucleus pulposus samples used to study caveolin-1 protein expression by immunohistochemistry. 
PM, post mortem tissue. 
Signal transduction  . 
C/EBP? Target gene functional categories. 
Gene name Primers for ChIP Primers for RT-PCR. 
Forward (F-) and reverse (R-) primers for ChIP and RT-PCR assays (human). 
Sequence (5'-3') Length (bp)a Accession No.b. 
C/EBP? and C/EBP? target gene primers (mouse). 
Note. FW: forward primer; RV: reverse primer. 
aAmplicon length in base pairs. 
bGenbank accession number of corresponding gene, availabe at. 
Clinicopathological parameters  Numbers (%). 
Clinicopathological parameters of urinary bladder cancers used. 
a N/A – Information are not available. 
b 0a – Cancer is noninvasive. 
c 0is – Noninvasive, flat carcinoma in situ. 
d N0M0 – No regional lymph nodes neither distant organs metastasis. 
e N1M0 – Metastasis in 1 to 3 regional lymph nodes. 
f N0M1 – No regional lymph nodes but distant organs metastasis. 
g N1M1 – Metastasis both in regional lymph nodes and distant organs. 
  ROCK1:RhoE complex    . 
Data collection and refinement statistics. 
LBW Mean±SD NBW Mean±SD p value. 
Differences between individual baseline characteristics were analyzed by Student's t-test, or non-parametrical tests (Wilcoxon, Mann-Whitney) when appropriate. p - value <0.05 was considered statistically significant. 
Protein expression/phosphorylation Control Control Insulin stimulated LBW LBW Insulin stimulated. 
Values are presented as the geometric mean basal control [95% confidence limits] for p-ERK (Thr202/Tyr204) and p-p38 (Thr180/Tyr182) and as the % mean basal control±SEM for p38, p-JNK (Thr183/Tyr185), JNK1 and JNK2. Statistical differences were analysed using a repeated measures ANOVA. Data for p-ERK (Thr202/Tyr204) and p-p38 (Thr180/Tyr182) were log transformed prior to testing. 
?1-AAB Positive Negative. 
?1-AAB rabbit ?1-AB PE. 
Gene  Sequences (5??3?) Accession. 
Used annealing temperature was 58°C. 
Marker Ortholog Localization Reference(s). 
Location of the fluorescent tag is indicated by the order of the tag and the protein. N-terminal tagged proteins are preceded by GFP or Venus, C-terminal tagged proteins are followed by GFP or Venus. 
Study k 1 k 2 k 3 k 4 ?. 
Parameters Estimates by EKF Estimates by Cho et al. (2003). 
Inhibitor/antagonist ATP UTP ERK1 ERK2 ERK1 ERK2. 
Involvement of signaling pathways in ATP- and UTP-mediated ERK1/2 phosphorylation. 
Cells were pretreated with inhibitors for 15 min then stimulated with 100 ?M UTP (or 1 ?M PMA) for 10 min. Values are percent inhibition of UTP-mediated ERK1/2 phosphorylation ± standard error of the mean for three experiments in triplicate. Bis-I-PMA and Ro-31-8220-PMA refer to using PMA as the stimulator rather than UTP. 
* p ?<?0.05 vs. stimulator alone,** p ?<?0.01 vs. stimulator alone, ** p ?<?0.001 vs. stimulator alone. 
Gene ID Gene Name 24 hr 72 hr 144 hr. 
Genes which were significantly up-regulated at any time point. Numbers indicate fold change at that time point. 
ID NAME 24 hr 72 hr 144 hr. 
Genes which were significantly down-regulated at any time point. Numbers indicate fold change at that time point. 
Ontology Number of Genes p-value  Ontology Number of Genes p-value. 
Significant (p ? 0.05 geometric mean p-value) functional groups obtained from functional annotation using DAVID. 
Gene name  Microarray qPCR . 
Fold changes obtained from microarray and from quantitative real-time PCR. 
Gene ID Gene Name Gene Ontology. 
Genes expressed in both ATV infection and spinal cord injury. 
n HIF-1 positivity. 
HIF-1? expression in benign and premalignant colorectal lesions. 
Abbreviations: HP – hyperplastic polyp, TA-LGD – tradtional adenoma-low grade dysplasia, TA-HGD – tradtional adenoma-high grade dysplasia, SSA – sessile serrated adenoma. 
cytoplasmatic HIF-1? expression nuclear HIF-1? expression     metastatic status n weak mod strong weak mod strong. 
HIF-1? expression in non-metastatic (N0/M0), lymphogenously-metastatic (N+) and haematogenously-metastatic (M+) colorectal carcinomas. 
With respect to the T status all investigated tumors were T3 and moderately differentiated (G2). No statistical significance between cytoplasmtic or nuclear HIF-1? expression and the metastatic status was observed. 
Total=114 WD=17 MD=67 PD=30. 
Number of cases in tumour differentiation status and tumor sites. 
Days post-injection EV animal tag no. Number of cells CavS animal tag no. Number of cells. 
Number of invaded tumour cells identified in the lung tissues. 
The number of metastatic foci highlighted with CEA staining was significantly lower in animals injected with CavS cells ( P =0.03). 
Quantitative Data of cpa Expression in Ptf1a Morphants. 
Quantitative Data of BrdU Assay. 
Real-Time PCR Analysis Of Cell Cycle Control Genes. 
Effector RBD PDB Single Domain PDB Complex with Ras Protein Template Structure Used for Modeling. 
Cells IC50 (nM) Degree of resistance. 
IC50 values of 293 cells with WTH3 knockdown vs. control. 
Clinicopathological Features Patients n (%) Clinicopathological Features Patients n (%). 
Patient and tumor characteristics. 
G, differentiation grade; G1-3, low, moderate or intermediate, high grade. ER, estrogen receptor alpha; PgR, progesterone receptor; T, tumor size; pT1, 0–2 cm; pT2, 2–5 cm; pT3, > 5 cm; pT4, ulcerated or attached; Tis, carcinoma in situ; pTX, primary tumor of unknown pT; N, node status; LVI, lymphovascular invasion; n, number of cases. 
ObR + ObR - p-value. 
Associations between leptin and ObR in HER2-positive and HER2-negative breast cancer. 
The expression of leptin and ObR was assessed by IHC, as described in Materials and Methods. The percentage (%) and actual number (N) of tumors expressing combinations of leptin and ObR is given for all tumors as well as in HER2-positive and -negative subgroups. Associations between leptin and ObR in were evaluated using Fisher's exact test for count data. 
Leptin ObR       N Positive (%) p-value Positive (%) p-value. 
Associations between leptin, ObR, leptin/ObR and different clinicopathological parameters. 
For each level of each clinicopathological variable, the total number (N) of patients is given together with the percentage of subjects positive for leptin or ObR expression. Abbreviations as in Tab. 2. 
Feature PathBLAST [ 37 ] Fanmod [ 41 ] Narada [ 45 ] SAGA [ 27 ] NetMatch [ 26 ] NetGrep. 
Feature comparisons. 
A comparison of built-in features available in systems that can, in principle, be used for querying interactomes using network schemas. A network alignment tool, PathBLAST, and a network motif finder, Fanmod, are shown for comparison. All other systems are explicitly designed for querying interactomes utilizing labeled subgraphs. 
Protein feature Source. 
Protein features. 
Protein features used to annotate proteins in the built-in data sets provided with NetGrep. 
Interaction type Source Restrictions. 
Interaction types. 
Running time (s)   Sample query PathBLAST Fanmod Narada NetMatch NetGrep. 
Running time comparisons. 
Running times (in seconds) for several sample queries on the S. cerevisiae interaction network, using PathBLAST, Fanmod, Narada, NetMatch and NetGrep. All reported running times are for search and output only. As in Table 1, PathBLAST is used as a prototypical example of a network alignment tool and Fanmod represents network motif finders. Note that SAGA is excluded here because it cannot be run on Windows. The sample schemas correspond to those provided in Figure 2, except that two distinct queries are used for Figure 2a. In the first, all three kinases in the pathway are required. In the second, two of the kinases are designated as optional (as in Figure 2a). Each query is run ten times and the average computation time is provided. Row entries are left blank for any tool that is unable to find instances of a particular schema because of feature limitations. 
Running time (s)    Topology Query Narada NetMatch NetGrep. 
GO MF running time comparisons. 
A comparison of running times (in seconds) for several sample schemas annotated with GO molecular function slim terms on the S. cerevisiae interaction network using Narada, NetMatch and NetGrep. Of the previous methods, Narada and NetMatch are chosen as they can be run off-the-shelf for these schemas; note, however, that Narada only handles linear topology queries. All reported running times are for search and output only. In the case of the Y-stars, the first term shown annotates the central node. The schemas shown have between 10 and 11,000 instances in S. cerevisiae . 
Author Results/Interpretations. 
Summary of recent basic research on renin–angiotensin system. 
Author Results/Interpretations. 
Summary of recent clinical research on renin–angiotensin system. 
Experimental Conditions Method Platform Organism Publication/Experimenter. 
Of the 11 gene expression data sets for which we predict and discuss growth rates, four are previously unpublished; excerpts of this data relevant to the growth rate analysis are provided in Tables S1 , S2 , S3 , S4 . These data span various experimental conditions, dual- and single-channel expression array platforms, batch and steady-state growth regimes, and three species of yeast. Under these varied conditions, our growth model predicts instantaneous growth rates and provides insight into regulatory mechanisms for growth homeostasis. 
Gene Percentage Gene Percentage Gene Percentage Gene Percentage. 
Reliability for an individual gene was quantified by computing the percentage of 1,000 bootstrap experiments where the gene was selected in the set of growth-specific genes. Results suggest that 69 genes are expected to be reliable in a new study, P >0.5. 
Antibodies Incubation time Dilution Second antibody Revelation substrate. 
Detection of thyroid-specific, cell cycle and cell pathway proteins. 
AEC=3-amino-9-ethylcarbazole; DAB=3,3?-Diaminobenzidine tetrahydrochloride. 
RET/PTC3 n Mild change (MD)/hyperplasia Papillary cystic proliferative changes with spindle cells and remodelling hyperplasia Hyperplasia and solid tumour Cribriform patterns Cyst with micropapillae. 
General table of dominant patterns in RET/PTC3 thyroids. 
E7 ( n =83) Age of mice 2 months ( n =26) 6/10 months ( n =57)     Pathological changes Hyperplasia Papillae and small irregular follicles “palisade like” border Follicles cuboidal cell Large follicles: flat cell     Height of follicular cells ( ? m) 3.0? ? m 10.0? ? m 3.0? ? m 1.0? ? m    . 
Proliferation index in E7 and RET/PTC3 thyroid cell. 
NE=not examined. NE* the heterogeneity of the cellular component (size and shapes) does not permit any measurement. 
The proportion of epithelial cells labeled was estimated as per thousand (‰) of the total number of thyrocytes, and presented as mean values±s.e.m. For scoring, at least a thousand thyrocytes on two different slides were counted in one mouse thyroid. 
  IC 50 ( ? M )   HT29 HCT116 HCC2998 COLO205. 
Antiproliferative effects (IC50 using MTT assay) of PEP005, staurosporine, and several anticancer agents in a panel of human colon cancer cell lines. 
Cells were treated with PEP005 for 1, 24, or 48?h and other drugs for 24?h. 
Combinations with Combination index mean (CI 95%). 
Mean combination index values for PEP005-based combinations in Colo205 colon cancer cells. 
CI: confidence interval. 
A: 24?h PEP005+drug. 
B: 24?h PEP005 then 24?h drug. 
C: 24?h drug then 24?h PEP005. 
D: 24?h PEP005 then 24?h washout then 24?h drug. 
Treatment DNA binding activity (fold-change from control)  Morphine Tat Morphine +Tat . 
P <0.05; significant changes in c-Rel DNA binding activity were noted at 4 h or 24 h following morphine and/or Tat treatment using Kruskal-Wallis nonparametric ANOVA. 
Values represent the mean±SEM of the fold-change in transcription factor binding relative to control astrocytes. 
Organ Lesion Cancer Overall lifetime risk of transformation. 
Pre-malignant lesions and risk of their transformation into corresponding malignancies (compiled from Peckham et al (1995) , except where indicated). 
SCC=squamous cell carcinoma. 
Case no. Histology Grade KRAS BRAF p-ERK1/2. 
Mutational status of KRAS and BRAF genes and p-ERK1/2 expression in ovarian cancer. 
N=negative; P=positive; WT=wild type. 
    KRAS / BRAF mutation   Factors Patients Negative Positive P -value. 
Association between KRAS / BRAF mutational status and clinico-pathological factors in patients with ovarian cancer. 
FIGO, International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; ERKV2, Extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases1/2. 
Characteristics Methylated ( n ) Unmethylated ( n ) P -value. 
Clinicopathological features of FBLN1 methylation in gastric cancer. 
FBLN1=fibulin 1. 
Unit Harlan-Teklad 8604 Zeigler Bros. Phyto. Reduced I. 
Treatment diets. 
Ingredient list (first four) for the Harlan-Teklad 8604 diet: soybean meal, wheat middlings, flaked corn, ground corn Ingredient list (first four) for the Zeigler Bros. Phytoestrogen Reduced Diet I: corn, wheat, fish meal, wheat middlings. 
Gene Sequence (5' to 3'). 
PCR primer sequences. 
Clone denotes the cDNA number in the library, and rat sequence represents forward and reverse primer pairs corresponding to the cDNA. The primers were used to detect gene expression from mRNA extracted from retinal explants or RNA from neonatal rats. DC6 indicates down-regulated by CNTF after 6DIV, UC6 indicates up-regulated by CNTF after 6DIV. 
UC6 subtraction suppressive hybridization library was generated using RNA from six days in vitro (6DIV)-ciliary neurotrophic factor treated explants as tester and the RNA from control as driver. cDNAs from this library were screened for differential expression and sequenced. Clone denotes the cDNA number in the library; bp represents the size in base pair of the cDNA; blast result indicates the published sequence identical to the clone sequence; symbol, accession number and Homo refer to the available homologene on-line datas for the published sequence. Status represents the cDNA characterization in this study: A for analyzed, R for rejected, no for gene that didn't exhibit gene expression variation, and V for gene validating the library. 
DC6 subtraction suppressive hybridization library was generated using RNA from control explants as driver and the RNA from six days in vitro (6DIV)-ciliary neurotrophic factor treated explants as tester. Clone represents the cDNA number in the library; bp denotes the size in base pair of the cDNA; blast result indicates the published sequence identical to the clone sequence Symbol, Accession number, and Homologene refer to the available on-line datas for the published sequence. Status represents the cDNA characterization in this study: A for analyzed, R for rejected, no for gene that didn't exhibit gene expression variation, and V for gene validating the library. cDNA were classified accordingly to their gene ontology (GO). 
(ABCD)   t 0000 0001 0010 0011 0100 0101 ... 
Fragment of the truth table obtained from our simple regulatory network. 
For each initial array of values (initial state) at time t , the new array of values, obtained by evaluating the system through the Boolean functions, is shown on the second line ( t + 1). 
Attractors Steady State (SS) State Cycle (SC). 
Computation of the transition probabilities associated to our simple regulatory network. 
This table shows both the principle of our newly introduced stability analysis and its application on the simple regulatory network shown in figure 1. It has 2 main columns: the steady state column and the state cycle column. As the state cycle found during the dynamical synchronous analysis contains 3 states (see figure 2), the last column is divided into 3 sub-columns. In the line "Perturbed states and their limit cycles" we show the perturbation results of each state of each attractor by re-evaluating each species by its own Boolean function triggered asynchronously. Perturbations are done from species A to species D. There are 4 species in our simple regulatory model, therefore 4 new states are generated from 1 perturbed state. We then synchronously simulate each new state and note if their simulation leads to the attractor they are derived from or to the other attractor of the system. In other words, we watch in which basin of attraction are those new states (see figure 2). The arrows following by "SC" (state cycle) or "SS" (steady state) give those responses. For the steady state no perturbation has an effect because a steady state in synchronous analysis remains a steady state in asynchronous analysis. Thus we simplify the presentation, showing that all the perturbations applied to state [1010] leave this state unchanged. 
number of species 33 100 250 500 1000 2500. 
Benchmark of our method for qualitative analysis of biological networks. 
This table shows the benchmarking results of our qualitative analysis methods on automatically generated networks. Its has been done on a Intel ® Core ™ 2 Duo E6600 processor (2.4 GHz) with 2 GBytes of RAM. 
Up-regulated miRNAs. 
Five most up and down regulated miRNAs in each tumour area compared to normal thyroid epithelium. 
Up-regulated miRNAs Down-regulated miRNAs. 
Differentially expressed miRNAs in classic PTC tumour areas v all others. 
Other areas include insular and anaplastic, and thyrocytes surrounding lymphocytic infiltrate and vascular invasion. 
miRNAs Up-regulated in Anaplastic RQ miRNAs Down-regulated in Anaplastic RQ. 
Differentially expressed miRNAs in anaplastic tumour areas v insular. 
The table also shows the fold change in expression. 
Method Metric Description Performance Rank        Synth Real #. 
MI3 and control methods evaluated and compared using the synthetic data. 
Note that each control method compares to and validates MI3 in one of the three major aspects described in Introduction: data discretization (dMI3); pairwise testing (MI2); emphasis on correlation over causality (BN). All scores are calculated based on continuous nonparametric probability density estimation, except dMI3 based on discretization using 5 bins of equal size. 
† In this paper, log conditional probability and BN are used interchangeably. 
# Performance rank for real data experiment is based on qualitative comparison. 
Method MI3 dMI3 BN MI2. 
Top 10 most frequently selected coregulators for the 368 verified MYC targets using different methods. 
Top 5 highest scoring cofactors are counted for each target. Cofactors in bold font are involved in MYC dependent or general transcriptional regulation, those in italics are in the list of 368 verified MYC targets with I(T; MYC) ? 0.3. 
Class GO Term p-Value Class GO Term p-Value. 
Scoring Pairs Non-scoring Pairs Total. 
Contingency table representing enrichment of predicted pairs for evidence in literature validation study (by Fisher's exact test, ). Dataset S3 contains the full results from the literature study. 
Mouse model Shared features Reference Mouse genomic changes Reference. 
Shared genetic and genomic features between mouse models of mammary cancer and human breast tumor subtypes. 
ER, estrogen receptor. 
Author Antiandrogen agent(s) No. of Patients No. of patients with 50% PSA decline Duration of Anti-androgen therapy (Months) Duration of AAWR (Months). 
Reports of antiandrogen withdrawal. 
NS = not stated. 
* indicates median. 
† Adjuvant treatment with aminoglutamide and hydrocortisone. 
‡ 4 patients assessed for objective response at 12 weeks: 2 has stable disease. 
†† One patient was treated with flutamide, and then cyproterone before nilutamide; Another patient were treated with combined goserelin and nilutamide. 
System Gene Category – Term Count % P-Value Genes. 
Gene Ontology analysis and KEGG pathway analysis of KRAS isoform-expressing Colo741 cell clones. 
Gene name symbols used are those approved by the Human Genome Organisation Gene Nomenclature Committee . 
Non-redundant functional categories, number of genes contained within each category, percentages ranked by the degree of over-representation in the category as determined by EASE (P-value) and gene members found to be modulated by the KRAS isoforms are shown. Redundant categories with similar gene members were removed to yield a single representative category. 
EP receptor Acc. No. sense antisense fragment size in bp Ref. 
List of primer pairs used in the current study for amplification of EP receptor isoforms. 
EP3 splice variant subtypes 1–3 can only be discriminated by the different size of the amplified fragments (indicated in brackets in the corresponding field). 
AGENT PRIMARY INDICATION ON-TARGET Primary effects ON-TARGET Antitumor effects OFF-TARGET Antitumor effects. 
Summary of noncancer drugs, their primary indication, noncancer and cancer targets. 
Italic fonts indicate that the targets are shared by the pathological conditions (on-target effects). 
Underlined fonts indicate that the antitumor effect is explained by different targets (off-target effects). 
This table indicates that some "benign" conditions share molecular alterations with malignant diseases (one target-several indications). 
CCA: calcium channel antagonists; RAS: renine-angiotensin-system; CHD: coronary heart disease; BPH: benign prostatic hyperplasia. 
Tissue Phenotype Data  . 
Microarray datasets used in this study. 
Kmeans Hierarchical Model-based. 
Adjusted Rand Index compares observed partitions with true classification of samples in tissue phenotype data. 
Biological Process Cellular Component Molecular Function. 
GO categories significantly enriched with "on" genes in brain tissue. 
P-values < = 0.001 indicates significance. 
Biological Process Cellular Component Molecular Function. 
GO categories significantly enriched with "on" genes in infectious disease. 
P-values < = 0.001 indicate significance in malaria, influenza A, hepatitis C-PBMCs and hepatitis C-Liver. P-values < = 0.01 indicate significance in HIV. 1malaria, 2influenza A, 3HIV, 4hepatitis C-PBMC, 5hepatitis C-liver. 
v 1 v 2 ? v C . 
Contingency table comparing two partitions. 
Threshold Class Ratio a Precision Recall F-measure Accuracy AUC. 
The ratio between the number of positive labeled instaces and the number of negative labeled instances. 
The results obtained by combining classifiers. 
Actual Class?=?0 Actual Class?=?1. 
Weigh Ratio a Precision Recall F-measure Accuracy AUC. 
Weights ratio between positive and negative labelled instances. 
Threshold Class Ratio a Precision Recall F-measure Accuracy AUC. 
The ratio between the number of positive labeled instaces and the number of negative labeled instances. 
The results obtained by combining classifiers. 
Weigh Ratio a Precision Recall F-measure Accuracy AUC. 
Weights ratio between positive and negative labelled instances. 
Gene name Mathematical description of sixteen genes in feedback loops of p53. 
Ordinary difference equations of sixteen genes in feedback loops of p53. 
? 1,1 = 0.9316; ? 1,3 = ?0.4334; ? 1,6 = ?0.02982; ? 1,7 = 0.1688; ? 2,1 = 0.003243; ? 2,2 = 0.9704; ? 2,10 = ?0.002874; ? 3,1 = ?0.0314; ? 3,2 = ?0.09199; ? 3,3 = 0.8198; ? 3,5 = 0.05164; ? 3,6 = ?0.1261; ? 3,13 = 0.3148; ? 3,15 = 0.07828; ? 3,16 = ?0.08918; ? 4,1 = 0.02437; ? 4,4 = 09695; ? 5,4 = ?0.02353; ? 5,5 = 1.054; ? 6,5 = 0.106; ? 6,6 = 0.9907; ? 7,7 = 0.9733; ? 7,8 = 0.01645; ? 8,1 = 0.05625; ? 8,8 = 0.9581; ? 9,1 = 0.01594; ? 9,9 = 1.015; ? 10,9 = 0.02788; ? 10,10 = 0.9582; ? 11,1 = 0.000767; ? 11,11 = 1; ? 12,11 = 0.03649; ? 12,12 = 1.009; ? 13,12 = 0.06556; ? 13,13 = 0.935; ? 14,1 = 0.05642; ? 14,14 = 0.9832; ? 15,4 = 0.001754; ? 15,15 = 0.9765; ? 16,1 = ?0.001995; ? 16,3 = 0.02613; ? 16,14 = ?0.00162; ? 16,16 = 0.9525. 
Gene name Mathematical description of sixteen genes under stresses. 
Ordinary difference equations of sixteen genes in feedback loops of p53 under stresses. Estimated parameters are in Supplementary Table 1 . 
Stresses Heat shock Oxidative stress ER stress Cell type Gene name Cancer Normal Cancer Normal Cancer Normal. 
Sensitivity scores under heat shock, oxidative and ER stress between cancer and normal cells. This table provides a snapshot of sensitivity scores with ranking in each condition, where red and bold marks denote each gene with higher sensitivity value between cancer and normal cells under one of the three stresses. 
Heat shock Oxidative stress ER stress. 
Eigenvalues of A in equation (3) under heat shock, oxidative and ER stress between cancer and normal cells. 
Heat shock Oxidative Stress ER stress  Cancer Normal Cancer Normal Cancer Normal. 
Estimated parameters in Table 2 between cancer and normal cells under different stresses. 
? A i,j p53 ARF MDM2 p21 cdk2 Rb MAPK14 Wip-1 Siah-1 ?-catenin PTEN PIP3 AKT2 CCNG1 PP2A p73. 
Sensitivity of ? A in equations (10)–(12) in cancer cells under heat shock. 
CYLD IHC  Snail1 IHC Variable Categorization n analyz. neg. weak pos. (score 1+) strong pos. (score 2+) P a n analyz. neg. pos. P a. 
CYLD and Snail1 immunoreactivity in relation to clinico-pathological characteristics. 
CYLD and Snail1 immunohistochemical staining of primary malignant melanoma tissue was performed using a tissue microarray consisting of 88 cases. Investigation of CYLD protein expression was informative in all specimens, and immunohistochemical analysis of Snail1 was informative in 78 samples. NOS, not otherwise specified; SSM, superficial spreading melanoma; ALM, acral lentiginous melanoma; NMM, nodular malignant melanoma; LMM, lentigo malignant melanoma. 
Fisher's exact test (two-sided). Significant data are shown is bold. 
Only initial and unifocal malignant melanomas were included. 
Variables n(%). 
Primary Patients Baseline Characteristics (n = 72). 
Variables n(%). 
Metastatic Patients Baseline Characteristics (n = 60). 
Her - Her2 1+ Her2 2+ Her2 3+ (pos) . 
Correlation of Pin1 and Her2 stains in breast cancer. 64/223 (28.7%) of samples were Her2-positive (3+ index). 122/223 (54%) were Pin1 + (3+ index), 40/64 (62.5%) of Her2+ breast cancer were also Pin1+. 
GO Term p Value Gene Symbol. 
GO terms containing differentially expressed genes between OSCC subsite-related clusters. 
KEGG Term p Value Gene Symbol. 
Major KEGG pathways containing genes differentially expressed between OSCC subsite-related clusters. 
KEGG Term p Value Gene Symbol. 
KEGG enriched terms containing genes over-expressed in cluster 2b. 
KEGG Term p Value Gene Symbol. 
KEGG enriched terms containing genes over-expressed in cluster 2a. 
Symbol or CG number of gene targeted WST-1 assay: dsRNA+ecdysone WST-1 assay: dsRNA only Ecdysone dependency predicted/known function HGNC Symbol: Ortholog in human (mouse). 
Gene symbols, CG numbers (column 1), and functions (column 5) are from Flybase [58] . The indicated Ortholog symbols (column 6) are from the HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC). P-values in columns 2 and 3 were calculated by comparing the WST-1 reading (A450–A650) from RNAi of the gene of interest to the WST-1 reading from RNAi of the human (Hs) negative control (NM_138278). Ecdysone dependent means that the observed viability effects of RNAi depended on the presence of ecdysone. Italicized and bolded P-values in column 3 indicate that these genes showed a pro-survival effect in the absence of ecdysone. Each RNAi treatment had three replicates and the assay was conducted at least twice. Superscript symbols a, b, and c indicate that these genes were identified in other related RNAi screens; a?=?Boutrous et al., 2004 [49] ; b?=?Björklund et al., 2006 [47] ; c?=?Bettencourt Dias et al., 2004 [57] . 
Gene Targeted Ecdysone treatment No ecdysone treatment  Percent dead cells * TUNEL Assay p-value Percent dead cells * TUNEL Assay p-value. 
Gene names are from Flybase [58] . 
Percent dead cells?=?Number of TUNEL positive cells/Number of DAPI positive cells ×100. P values were calculated by comparing the percent dead cells of each RNAi treatment to the human control (NM_138278) RNAi treatment (++?=?significantly increased TUNEL with p?0.01; +?=?significantly increased TUNEL with p?0.05; ? ??=?significantly decreased TUNEL with p?0.01; ??=?significantly decreased TUNEL with p?0.01, NC?=?no significant change in TUNEL). 
Genes Products. 
HHV-8 latent genes. 
Genes Products. 
HHV-8 lytic genes. 
Paper KS cases biopsies  Result       monoclonal oligoclonal polyclonal excluded. 
Results for studies of KS clonality by TR analysis. 
Regimen No. of patients RR % Median PFS (P)/TTP (T), months PFS at 6 months, % Median survival, months Reference. 
Summary of efficacy results obtained in recent phase II clinical trials using molecular therapies for the treatment of HCC in comparison to the results obtained with sorafenib in the SHARP phase III trial. 
NR=not reported; PFS=progression free survival; RR=response rate; TTP=time to progression. 
Characteristic Number of patients ( N =40) %. 
Patient and disease characteristics at baseline. 
ECOG, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group. 
  Criteria (No. of patients) Responders (%) P -value Median TTP (mo) P -value Median OS (mo) P -value. 
Univariate analyses of biomarker and treatment outcomes. 
CEP, chromosome enumerator probe; EGF, epidermal growth factor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ELISA, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; ERCC1, excision repair cross-complementation group 1; FISH, fluorescence in situ hybridization; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; IHC, immunohistochemistry; mo, months; N/R, not reached; OS, overall survival; TGF, transforming growth factor; TP, thymidine phosphorylase; TS, thymidylate synthase; TTP, time-to-progression. 
Numbers in the criteria denote IHC scores derived from staining intensity and percentage of positive cells. 
IHC score cutoff for EGFR was 7.5 which was identical to 1+ staining in 10% or more cancer cells. The cutoff for HER2 was 15, which was identical to 2+ staining in at least 10% of cells. 
Gene Hormone receptors Cell-cycle control Repair or avoidance of DNA damage Signal transduction Cell adhesion and basement membrane Inflammation response Suppressor or candidate tumour suppressor Unmethylated in human ES cells ( Ohm et al , 2007). 
Genes showing frequent hypermethylation in human prostate cancer. 
ES=embryonic stem. 
The gene functions are shown. Many have tumour suppressor or potential tumour suppressor functions, and those genes shown by Ohm et al (2007) to be unmethylated in human ES cells are shown. 
Characteristic No. of patients (%). 
Characteristics of patients. 
Characteristic Methylated no. Unmethylated no. Total no. P -value. 
Associations between clinical factors and serum RASSF1A methylation status. 
Characteristic Hazard ratio 95% CI P -value. 
Univariate analysis of survival. 
CI=confidence interval. 
Characteristic Hazard ratio 95% CI P -value. 
Univariate analysis of relapse. 
CI=confidence interval. 
Characteristic Hazard ratio 95% CI P -value. 
Multivariate analysis of survival. 
CI=confidence interval. 
    LKB1 BRAF KRAS PIK3CA P53 CDNKA EGFR Cell line Histology Mutation Mutation Mutation Mutation Mutation Mutation Mutation. 
Mutation status of cell lines used in this study. 
Mutation status of oncogenes and tumour suppressors known to be commonly mutated in NSCLC. Mutation data taken from COSMIC ( http://www.sanger.ac.uk/genetics/CGP/CellLines/ ). 
No mutation has been found in this sample by sequencing; however, immunoblot analysis revealed no protein present (data not shown); NSCLC nos.=NSCLC not otherwise specified. 
Substrates Function Reference. 
Substrates of APCCdh1. 
Product type Dose (vol/day) Study period No. of subjects Subject types Age (years) Study design Results and conclusions References. 
Insignificant protective role of prebiotics on colon cancer. 
Wine Percent remaining aromatizer activity. 
Inhibitory effect on human placental aromatase activity by complete red or white wines [ 38 ]. 
Variable Nb. of patients Nb. of deaths Median survival time (months) p-value. 
Log-Rank test. 
Peto and Peto modification of the Gehan-Wilcoxon test. 
Variable Nb. of patients HR 95% CI of HR p-value. 
HR: Hazard ratio. 
CI: Confidence interval. 
Ref.: Reference. 
Matrix protein coated Matrix protein coating concentration Treatment   EMD135981 Cilengitide. 
HUVEC were cultured for 18 hours on vitronectin (?V?3 ligand), fibronectin (?5?1>?V?3 ligand) and collagen I (?1?1 and ?2?1 ligand) before they were exposed for 4 hours to EMD135981 or cilengitide. Cells were collected and Sub-G1 DNA content determined by propidium iodide staining and flow cytometry analysis. Results are expressed as percent increase of cell death relative to untreated conditions. Cilengitide increased HUVEC cell death on vitronectin at high and low protein coating concentrations, while on fibronectin and collagen it only did it at low protein coating concentrations. (n?=?3). 
Study Disease Setting Treatment (dose) (No. of patients) ORR (CR+PR) (%) mTTP (months) mPFS (months) mOS (months). 
Selected phase II and III clinical trials of anti-EGFR drugs in non-small cell lung cancer. 
NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; ORR, overall response rate; CR, Complete response; PR, partial response; mPFS, median progression free survival; m TTP, median time to progression; mOS: median overall survival; HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; N.R.: not reported. 
Class Agent Target Company Stage of development in NSCLC. 
Targeted therapeutic agents in NSCLC. 
INT family Number of clones Homology. 
NR-interacting proteins from yeast two-hybrid screen. 
Lines Internodes (cm) True leaves before first inflorescence Total inflorescences on main stem Total fruits produced. 
Effect of SlTPR1 overexpression on development. 
Lines Ethylene production (nl g?1 h?1). 
Ethylene production by SlTPR1 overexpression lines. 
Ethylene production was measured from leaves of both wild type (AC++) and transgenic lines. The data are the mean of three samples from each line. 
NEUROTRANSMITTERS AND RECEPTORS Th1 M/M Th2. 
Changes in early gene expression: neurotransmitters, ion channels and exchangers, apoptosis, mitochondria and glutathione metabolism. 
Values represent averages of fold changes from three separate experiments for each cytokine mixture compared to control. The accession numbers are from Genbank. 
****p < 0.01; ***p < 0.05; **p < 0.10; *p < 0.20. 
TRANSCRIPTION FACTORS. 
Changes in early gene expression: gene regulation, signaling, cytoplasmic transport and metabolism. 
Values represent averages of fold changes from three separate experiments for each cytokine mixture compared to control. The accession numbers are from Genbank. 
****p < 0.01; ***p < 0.05; **p < 0.10; *p < 0.20. 
Gene Cytokine Array PCR. 
QRT-PCR validation of gene array results for cytokine-induced changes in gene expression at 6 hours. 
RNA extracts from 2 experiments for iNOS and 3 experiments for arginase and P glycoprotein were analyzed by QRT-PCR, as described in Methods. Values are averages +/- range. In agreement with the gene array results, Th1 and M/M cytokines markedly upregulated expression of iNOS in the mixed glial cultures; Th2 cytokines upregulated arginase; and Th1 and M/M cytokines upregulated P glycoprotein. Differences from the gene array were a decrease in iNOS by Th2, an increase in arginase by M/M and an increase in P glycoprotein by Th2 cytokines. 
Values for iNOS, +/- range; values for arginase and P glycoprotein, +/- S.D. 
MOST UPREGULATED MOST DOWNREGULATED. 
Summary of most upregulated and downregulated gene expression. 
Parameter [unit] Parameter Value Test Range * Actual Test Range. 
The column of actual test range represents parameter ranges that are contained in the generated samples. 
Initial Condition [unit] Initial Value Test Range * Actual Test Range. 
The column of actual test range represents ranges of initial values that are contained in the generated samples. 
Data set chip # probes Patients, country, nodal status a outcome b Adjuvant systemic treatment c. 
Characteristics of patients and platforms in included studies. 
a: n, number of patients included; N+, positive nodal status; N-, negative nodal status; DK, Denmark; UK, United Kingdom; NL, the Netherlands; S, Sweden. 
b: dm, distant metastasis,. 
c: ct, chemotherapy, et: endocrine therapy. 
Pathway Ams Hua HUM Rot S03 S06 Sto Upp mean p FDR. 
Metastatic pathways identified by gene set enrichment meta-analysis. 
The ranking numbers indicate the ranking of each gene set (pathway) out of the 223 gene sets in each data set and the mean ranking number indicate the ranking in the meta-analysis. Only 38 significant out of a total of 223 gene sets are shown. Ams: Amsterdam, Hua: Huang, HUM: HUMAC, Rot: Rotterdam, S03: Sotiriou 2003, S06: Sotiriou 2006, Sto: Stockholm, Upp: Uppsala. 
Pathway Ams Hua HUM Rot S03 S06 Sto Upp mean p FDR. 
Pathways identified by GennMAPP analysis. 
The ranking numbers indicate the ranking of each gene set (pathway) out of the 177 gene sets in each data set and the mean ranking number indicate the ranking in the meta-analysis. Only 19 significant out of a total of 177 gene sets are shown. Ams: Amsterdam, Hua: Huang, HUM: HUMAC, Rot: Rotterdam, S03: Sotiriou 2003, S06: Sotiriou 2006, Sto: Stockholm, Upp: Uppsala. 
motif Ams Hua HUM Rot S03 S06 Sto Upp mean p FDR. 
Gene set enrichment meta-analysis of transcriptional regulatory motifs. 
Genes with common transcriptional regulatory sequence elements constitute a gene set. The ranking numbers indicate the ranking of each gene set out of a total of 761 gene sets in each data set and the mean ranking number indicate the ranking in the meta-analysis. Only 55 significantly up-regulated out of a total of 761 gene sets are shown. No gene sets were significantly down-regulated. Ams: Amsterdam, Hua: Huang, HUM: HUMAC, Rot: Rotterdam, S03: Sotiriou 2003, S06: Sotiriou 2006, Sto: Stockholm, Upp: Uppsala. 
The single asterisk indicates a p<10-10; the double asterisk indicates a p<10-6, and the triple asterisk indicates a p<0.005. There was observed no statistical difference at E15.5 (all three p values were >0.1). 
Melanoma Gender/age Stage/site BRAF status PTEN. 
Present indicates normal levels of gene transcripts and protein expression compared to normal melanocytes. There was no induction of PTEN mRNA after Aza treatment. 
Melanoma Aza (µM) %DNA in Tail±SE %Tail Length±SE. 
Melanoma cells were untreated or treated with Aza for 2 days, harvested after one-day recovery in standard growth medium, and subjected to the Comet assay. Cells were examined with fluorescence microscope, photographed, and analyzed with CASP software ( http://casp.sourceforge.net ). The percentage of the DNA tail area was divided to total DNA area for each cell, and percentage of DNA tail length divided to total DNA length was counted. The data represent averages from 100–120 cells±SE; YURIF DNA damage response is a representative of two biological replicates with similar results. Treatment with hydrogen peroxide (100 µM) for 10 minutes on ice was used as positive control. 
Protein No treatment Anti-PSMA cross-linking Anti VCAM-1 cross-linking 7E11c cross-linking   10 min 20 min 40 min 10 min 20 min 40 min 10 min 20 min 40 min. 
The 7E11c mAb recognizes an intracellular PSMA epitope and is therefore used as a further control of the experiment described. 
Results of gel densitometry are expressed as the ratio±SEM of activated/total protein as evaluated by measuring the respective areas. 
Statistical significance is reported with respect to the “No treatment” data. 
ns?=?not significant. 
nd?=?not determined. 
Reaction type Forward (per cell) Reverse. 
Classes of reactions and nominal values for their rates. 
The reaction class was used to determine the values of rate constants at the start of calibration runs. Nominal values were obtained from previously published measurements or theoretical and computational estimates. 
Berkers et al (1991) ; Landgraf and Eisenberg et al (2000). 
Graus-Porta et al (1997) ; Hendriks et al (2003) . 
For ErbB1 homodimers, Graus-Porta et al (1997) ; Hendriks et al (2003) . 
Yun (2007) . 
The k cat of dephosphorylation was assumed to be ‘slow' relative to off-rates of phosphatase and target association, consistent with the assumption that the catalytic step is rate-limiting in enzymatic reactions. 
Estimated with diffusion and geometric considerations; Northrup and Erickson (1992) ; Felder (1993) ; Kholodenko et al (1999) . 
Sastry (1995) . 
Pharmacological Approach Selected Studies. 
Pharmacological Tools to Study CAM Function. 
Cell type Condition Cilia length, ?m average (standard deviation) Cilia length, ?m median Average cilia length (?m)a. 
Cilia length in Tsc1 and Tsc2-null and wild-type cells. 
aAverage cilia length calculated for each cell line from the three culture conditions: 24 h 10% FBS subconfluent, 48 h 10% FBS confluency and 48 h serum deprivation. 
bCilia length of Tsc1?/?/vector compared with Tsc1?/?/TSC1, and Tsc2?/?p53?/? compared with Tsc2+/+p53?/?, was statistically significant ( P < 0.005) for all conditions tested, Wilcoxon two sample test. 
cCilia length of rapamycin treated Tsc1?/?/vector compared with untreated Tsc1?/?/vector at 48 h 10% FBS was statistically significant ( P < 0.005), Wilcoxon two sample test. Rapamycin treatment of the other three cell lines did not cause a significant reduction in cilia length at 48 h 10% FBS. 
Patient number Number of cysts scored  ? 1+ 2+ 3+. 
Phospho-S6 immunoreactivity of ADPKD renal cysts. 
Anti-phospho-S6 ribosomal protein (Ser 235/236) staining of cyst lining epithelial cells was scored using a semi-quantitative scale of negative (?), weakly positive (1+), moderately positive (2+) or strongly positive (3+), as reported previously ( 70 , 71 ). 
Patient number Number of cysts scored  ? 1+ 2+ 3+. 
Phospho-mTOR immunoreactivity of ADPKD renal cysts. 
Anti-phospho-mTOR (Ser 2448) staining of cyst lining epithelial cells was scored using a semi-quantitative scale of negative (?), weakly positive (1+), moderately positive (2+) or strongly positive (3+), as reported previously ( 70 , 71 ). 
Classification Molecules Biological effects of LPLI. 
Modulation of expression and secretion of molecules by LPLI. 
List of differentially expressed genes whose expression values changes in serum-deprived RGC-5 cells at 8, 24, 48, and 96 h. 
List of differentially expressed genes whose expression values changes in serum-deprived RGC-5 cells at 24, 48, and 96 h. 
Comparison between genes identified in our microarray data and another study reported by Farkas et al. (2004). 
List of differentially expressed genes obtained from our microarray compared with other data reported by Ahmed et al. (2004). The genes show similar fold changes between our study and other study are labeled by asterisk [ 32 ]. The selected genes were chosen to be 1.5-fold change or more. 
In Vitro Animal Human. 
Summary of Data on the Effects of the Myostatin Binding Proteins. 
Organ Reference. 
PKC? overexpression in histopathological specimens. 
Generic Tissue specific. 
Genetically controlled elements that may directly or indirectly influence alimentary mucositis risk. 
Rank Chemoradiation (Sonis, et al.) Irinotecan (Bowen, et al.). 
The top 14 cellular and regulatory pathways deemed to be most relevant to mucosal injury from anticancer therapy. 
Accession Number Gene Name Fold Change P. 
Expression of proliferation associated genes on Ebp1 knock out versus wild type MEFs. 
Cell cycle Treatments MDA 231 (in %)      12 h 24 h 48 h. 
Effects of PDBD on cell cycle distribution of PDBD. 
hPDE4A hPDE4B hPDE4C hPDE4D. 
Summary of the RT-PCR results with different human tissues and defined cell populations (After Engels et al 1994 ). 
++, expression; +, very weak expression; ?, no expression;. 
U937 cells;. 
Jurkat cells;. 
Namalwa cells;. 
peripheral blood promyelocytic HL-60 cells. 
data from McLaughlin et al (1993) . 
PDE4 inhibitor Company Status Reference. 
PDE4 inhibitors in current and discontinued clinical development. 
Discont, – Development discontinued. 
Gene name for rev. 
Primers used for quantitative RT-PCR. 
Gene symbol Gene name TCF/LEF site GDS1989 [xfold ind., Nevus set as 1] [ 11 ] CtBP1 clones versus mock Hoek et al. [ 12 ] x fold ind . P <. 
Details on genes regulated by CtBP1 associated to melanoma development Genes with TCF/LEF binding sites in their promoter were analyzed. 
Using the micro array data GDS1989 [ 11 ] upregulation of these genes during melanoma development and progression is shown in columns 4 to 6. The regulation of these genes by CtBP1 was quantified in CtBP1 expressing cell clones by real time-PCR (column 7). For analysis of the proliferative and invasive phenotype the data of Hoek et al. [ 12 ] were used (column 8, 9). P-value < 0.05 was printed in bold. Abbreviations: MIS, melanoma-in-situ; RGP, radial growth phase; LN met, lymph node metastasis; prol., proliferative phenotype; inv., invasive phenotype. 
Gene name Type of tyrosine kinase Number of clones in Y1 cells Number of clones in rat adrenal gland. 
List of tyrosine kinase genes and the frequency they were identified isolated from Y1 cells and rat adrenal tissue. 
Summaries of the frequencies of tyrosine kinase domain cDNAs isolated from Y1 cells and normal rat adrenal gland. IGF1-R: insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor, FGF-R: fibroblast growth factor receptor, CSF-1R: colony stimulating factor 1 receptor, VEGF-R: vascular endothelial growth factor receptor, HGF-R: hepatocyte growth factor receptor. 
RMSD from Representative Crystal Structure † System Cluster No. GTP GDP A59G Y32C. 
GTP, GDP A59G and Y32C representatives correspond to PDB entries 1qra, 4q21, 1lf0, and 2cl7. 
system mutants number of atoms total simulation time. 
iAPBS/MM-PBSA results H72Q-r std error of mean A52V S54N K66E std error of mean wild type std error of mean. 
All results are in kcal/mol, except for the experimental K d data. The internal entropy contributions are not included in these estimates since it was nearly the same for the three cases. 
Species Rate Equation Constants Ref. 
EGFR signalling and trafficking. 
Equations relating to juxtacrine receptor – ligand interaction and receptor dimerisation and phosphorylation. Constants are either extracted directly from, inferred from or reported in the cited references. Units – All parameters relate to numbers of molecules – square brackets are for clarity only. Units are: first order rate constant: min-1; second order rate constants molecules-1 min-1, maximal enzyme rates (Vmax) are expressed in units of molecules min-1, Michaelis constants (Km) in molecules. kRsyn and kLsyn are in no. molecules cell-1 min-1. Conversions from concentrations to numbers of molecules assume a cell volume of 10-12 litres. 
Species Rate equation Constants Refs. 
Intercellular contact dynamics. 
Rate equations relating to length of intercellular contact and numbers of receptors and ligands not associated with regions of contact. 
Species Rate equation Constants. 
Intracellular pathway model. Rate equations relating to intracellular EGFR-MAPK pathway. 
Units are as for Table 1. All constants are taken directly from [ 14 ]. 
Protein Kinase Subfamily Chimpanzee Human. 
Number of PPKs, in various Hanks and Hunter subfamilies, identified from human and chimpanzee genomes. 
Chimp protein kinase and kinase subfamily assignment Nearest human protein kinase and kinase subfamily assignment Sequence identity between Chimp sequence & human sequence Remarks. 
Chimp protein kinases with significant difference compared to their closest human homologues. 
Abbreviations followed in the table: Pkinase, Protein kinase; PH, Pleckstrin homology domain; CNH, Citron homology domain; DMPK_coil, Dystrophy myotonic protein kinase coil domain; C1, Phorbol esters/Diacylglycerol binding domain; PKLNK, Protein kinase-like non-kinase; fn3, Fibronectin type III domain; Ig, Immunoglobulin domain; I-set, Immunoglobulin I-set domain;RhoGeF, Guanine nucleotide exchange factor for Rho/Rac/Cdc42-like GTPase domain; PB1, Phox and Bem1p domain; TM, Transmembrane; SH2, Src homology 2; RBD, Raf-like Ras-binding domain; SH3, Src homology 3; UBA, Ubiquitin associated domain; Ldl receptor A, Low-density lipoprotein receptor domain class A. 
Chimpanzee Human. 
Most frequent accessory domains found in the chimpanzee and human PPKs. 
Only domains seen more than 30 times are listed. a: domain frequency in the given kinome, b: number of proteins containing this domain. 
NCBI accession (cDNA clone) NCBI accession for mRNA record Primer Sequence of primer Position Size (bp). 
Real-time PCR primer combinations used to amplify genes of interest. 
The NCBI accession numbers for the cDNA clones on the filters used in the initial microarray study are listed with the accession numbers for the corresponding mRNA records identified by bioinformatics analysis. Abbreviations for primers correspond to the gene symbols of the target genes; zinc finger and BTB domain containing 22 (ZBTB22), V-rel reticuloendotheliosis viral oncogene homolog A (avian) (RelA), mixed-lineage kinase 1 (MLK-1; synonym MAP3K9), collagen type 1, alpha 1 (COL1A1), protein phosphatase regulatory (inhibitor) subunit 1A (PPP1R1A) and Nuclear factor of activated T-cells 5 (NFAT5). Positions of the forward and reverse primers within the mRNA sequence are given in base pairs (bp). 
Library type Advantages Disadvantages. 
normally arrayed in 96-well or 384-well plates. 
can combine multiple siRNAs targeting different sequences in the same gene in one well (SMARTPools). 
can be purchased in “ready-to-transfect” aliquots or in larger amounts that require replating. 
can also be arrayed on slides. 
Consistent quality of reagents. 
Ease of use and readily transfectable. 
Chemical modification of siRNA can limit off-target effects. 
Finite resource. 
Target cells need to be transfectable. 
Relatively short period of silencing. 
Not suited to pooling strategies. 
plasmid DNA arrayed in 96-well or 384-well plates for transfection. 
viral particles in multi-well plates (one shRNA per well). 
pools of plasmids or viral particles. 
Renewable resource. 
Viral vectors enable silencing in difficult-to-transfect cells. 
Suited to pooled screens as well as arrayed screens. 
Stable integration of silencing machinery into host cell genome enables longer-term silencing. 
Varying vector formats available that allow inducible silencing, tracking of silencing machinery, etc. 
Reduced ease of use: require preparation of plasmid DNA and, in the case of viral-based libraries, viral packaging. 
Viral use often requires biological containment. 
Pooled screens require significant deconvolution. 
Supplier websites: www.openbiosystems.com ; www.dharmacon.com ; www.origene.com ; www.scbt.com ; www.ambion.com ; www.sigmaaldrich.com ; www.systembio.com . 
Spot no. NCBI no. Arabidopsis protein name MW(kDa) pI Sequence coverage Mascot score No matched peptides Ratio RP/ control. 
Identification of proteins from Arabidopsis thaliana callus cells that are differentially phosphorylated (>2-fold up or down, P <0.05) after 30 min of exposure to random positioning. 
Spots marked with numbers 18r, 21r, 8r, and 28r appeared after treatment and could not be detected in 1 g controls. MW, molecular mass of predicted proteins; pI, pI value of predicted proteins; Sequence coverage (%), percentage of predicted protein sequence covered by matched peptides; No. matched, number of peptides matched. NCBI no., accession number; MASCOT score, probability-based MOWSE score: –10×Log( P ), where P is the probability that the observed match is a random event. Scores greater than 34 indicate identity or extensive homology; P <0.05. 
Spot no. NCBI no. Arabidopsis protein name MW (kDa) pI Sequence coverage Mascot score No matched peptides Ratio 8 g /control. 
Identification of proteins from Arabidopsis thaliana callus cells that are differentially phosphorylated (>2-fold up or down, P <0.05) after 30 min of exposure to 8 g. 
For abbreviations see Table 1 . 
Pathway Component Type of Alteration Tumor Lineage References. 
Genetic Alterations in the PI3K/Akt Pathway in Cancer. 
Number of samples       Cancer Type Dataset Refs. Array type Probe sets Benign Localised Metastatic. 
Gene expression datasets used in this global analysis. 
†: Affymetrix oligo nucleotide microarray. ‡: Normal Bone Marrow. §: Acute Myeloid Leukaemia. Correlation analysis: The dataset used in the correlation analysis between the transcript levels of individual miRNAs and those of their putative targets. AD and AI analysis: The dataset used in the analysis of the transcript levels of miRNA targets in androgen-dependent and androgen-independent prostate cancer. 
Targets (1296) AntiTargets (1293)    GO Term Biological Process mRNAs P (over)† mRNAs P (over)†. 
Biological processes of down-regulated miRNA targets and antitargets in prostate cancer. 
†: Over-represent P value was calculated using Hyper-Geometric (HG) distribution and adjusted. P values < 1E-20 (for mRNAs overrepresentation in each category) are in bold. 
Targets (316†) AntiTargets (434†)    KEGG Term Pathway InMap‡ P value§ InMap‡ P value§. 
KEGG pathway analysis of down-regulated miRNA targets and antitargets in prostate cancer. 
†: The total number of targets or antitargets found in KEGG pathway database. ‡: The number of targets or antitargets found in each pathway. §: Adjusted P values < 0.05 are in bold. 
GO term Gene symbol. 
Gene ontology. 
Biofluid Methylated genes Clinical parameter Reference. 
Studies of DNA-methylation-based tests in biofluids. 
  E2F-5   Positive Negative     n =19 n =38 P -value. 
Clinicopathological features of E2F-5-positive breast cancers. 
NS=not significant; TNBC=triple-negative breast cancer (ER/PgR/HER2 negative). 
Patient (PT)/Profile (PR) Sex Age (Years) Tissue sample Pathology/Lesion type Co-morbidities Pharmacological therapy Plasma lipid/Stenosis/ICR. 
Patient recruited (PT) and expression datasets retrieved (PR) for this study. 
* PR of atherosclerotic carotids from E-MEXP-268, a study performed on carotid bilateral stenosis in which the two carotids (indicated by couple of consecutive numbers in the Table) of four independent patients have been analyzed. † PR of normal coronaries from GSE3526 (GSM80609, GSM80610, GSM80631). ‡ PR of normal coronaries from GSE7307 (GSM176115, GSM175820, GSM175821). ICR: index of cardiovascular risk; LAD: Left Anterior Descendent Coronary; AB: Arterial Blood; DCM/ctrl: Dilated Cardiomyopathy, used as pooled controls for microarray experiments; D: Diuretics; AAP: Anti-arrhythmics; AC: Anti-coagulants; HYR: Hypertension regulators; BB: Beta-blockers; ACEH: ACE inhibitors; ST: Statins; CDR: Cholesterol down-regulators; SI: Synthetic insulin; LD: Levodopa; PAH: Pulmonary hypertension; T2D: Type-2-diabetes; HY: Hypertension; HYCH: Hypercholesterolemia; PD: Parkinson's disease; AD: Artery disease; NA: not available. 
Tissue % Up-regulated genes % Down-regulated genes Total number of deregulated genes. 
Summary of genes differentially expressed in atherosclerotic vessels. 
Name Senquences. 
Targeted AEG-1 sequences and the control siRNA were chemically synthesized by Genepharma (Shanghai, China). 
Accession Symbol Description COPA Score (Tumor 90th COPA percentile/Normal 90th) Upregulated with 5-Aza (fold change) Methylated in Normal Upper Aerodigestive Tissue Unmethylated in HNSCC Tumor Tissue. 
Nucleotide N a KA (M?1) ?H (kcal M?1) ?S (cal M?1K?1) ?G (kcal M?1). 
Thermodynamic parameters are stoichiometry (N), association constant (KA), enthalpy (?H), entropy (?S), and free energy (?G). Data are representative of 3 or more independent experiments. 
Donor genotype Host genotype Result. 
Donor embryos were labeled with fluorescein dextran. At 24 hpf, donor and host embryos were observed under the microscope, and then fixed for phalloidin labeling to determine genotype (as shown in Fig 7C ). The phenotype of the transplanted embryos (number and percentage) is reported. 
Kinase Activity against YB-1 peptide compared with control (%). 
Activity of RSK1, AKT1 and PKC? against the Y-box binding factor-1(YB-1) serine 102 residue peptide compared with the optimized positive control substrate. 
The p90 ribosomal S6 kinases RSK1 and RSK2 phosphorylated a peptide that mimics the serine 102 residue region of YB-1 with 80% and 78% efficiency compared with the positive control substrate, respectively. Both AKT1 and PKC? were also able to phosphorylate the YB-1 peptide – 7% and 19%, respectively, compared with the positive control. Activity for control substrates for each kinase is normalized to 100%. A change > 5% is considered highly significant in this assay. 
Treatment Target Tumor Institution References. 
Therapeutic strategies targeting Eph receptors. 
Centrosome proteins Substrates Functions Effects of expression manipulation. 
Centrosome-associated G2/M checkpoint proteins. 
Specific targets Functions Clinical development Combination with DNA-damaging agents. 
Small molecule inhibitors targeting centrosome associated G2/M checkpoint regulators. 
Abbreviation: NA, not available; IR, ionizing radiation. 
pEBVsiRNA plasmid Position (nt)  Sequence. 
Genetics Mechanism Morph/grade Incidence Reference. 
Murine models of glioma shown with underlying genetics, mechanism of engineering, morphologic characteristics and incidence. Abbreviations: TG = transgenic; KO = knockout; Astro = astrocytic; Oligo = oligodendroglial; HG = high grade; LG = low grade. 
Fomchenko and Holland, unpublished results. 
Genetics Mechanism Incidence Reference. 
Murine models of medulloblastoma shown with underlying genetics, mechanism of engineering and incidence. Abbreviations: TG = transgenic, KO = knockout. 
Estimated from reported average latency. 
REPORTER SYSTEM CONDITIONS T1/2 RAPID PHASE (MINUTES) T1/2 SLOW PHASE (MINUTES) R MEAN N. 
The mean HIF-1?/FLuc, HIF-1?(?ODDD)/FLuc and FLuc protein half-lives were calculated based on 3–6 independent experiments. 
CoCl2 was removed from medium before CHX addition; NF- not found. 
REPORTER SYSTEM CONDITIONS T1/2 RAPID PHASE (MINUTES) T1/2 SLOW PHASE (MINUTES) R MEAN N. 
The mean HIF-1?/FLuc, HIF-1?(?ODDD)/FLuc and FLuc protein half-lives was calculated based on 3–6 independent experiments. 
Cancer type and case number Somatic mutations in mtDNA of cancers Reference Frequency (%) % of mutations in the D-loop region % of mutations in coding regions. 
Somatic mutations in mtDNA of human cancers. 
Cancer type and case number Somatic mutations in the D-loop of mtDNA Reference Frequency (%) % of mutations in D310. 
Somatic mutations in the D-loop region of mtDNA of human cancers. 
Deletions Nucleotide position Cancer types Reference. 
MtDNA deletions in human cancers. 
Cancer type Case number Alterations in mtDNA content Reference Increase or Decrease Frequency (%). 
Alterations in mtDNA content of human cancers. 
CRC n = 30 (%). 
Clinical data of colorectal cancer (CRC) patients. 
Gene symbol RefSeq mRNA Primer Forward (5'-->3') Primer Reverse (5'-->3') Size (bp) AT † (°C). 
Primer Sequences and Conditions for qRT-PCR, Bisulfite sequencing and MSP Analysis. 
?UnM = unmethylated sequence; M = methylated sequence. 
† AT = annealing temperature. 
Function/category Gene Accession no . Microarray Data Gene description    P value Expression . 
List of genes selected from microarrays analysis comparing normal mucosa matched tumour colon tissue. The different expression in tumoural tissue was showed. 
Number of CRC with NDRG2 methylation (%) Number of CRC without NDRG2 methylation (%) p value. 
Comparison of the clinicopathological features of 30 CRC patients according to the presence of NDRG2 methylation. 
Fisher exact test (2-tail); * Pearson Chi-square; ^Z test only for IV AJCC' stage. 
1Microsatellite instability (MSI) was determined by the mobility shift of PCR products using CC-MSI kit (AB Analitica s.r.l., Padova, Italy, ), that include the Bethesda panel microsatellite (BAT25, BAT26, D5S346, D17S250 and D2S123) and other four mononucleotide microsatellite loci (NR21, NR24, BAT40 and TGF ? RII), in tumours. Tumours showing instability in four or more markers were classified as high MSI, those showing it in two marker as low MSI, and those showing no instability as microsatellite-stable. 
Proximal colon CRC (n = 9) Distal colon CRC (n = 21)  Tumour Normal Tumour Normal. 
Promoter gene methylation rates in tumour and normal tissue from patients with colorectal cancer (CRC) sorted by tumour location. 
Pathway Gene Protein Function / Notes DAF-16 sites † hx546 daf-16; hx546 F1 mg44 F2 mg44 daf-16; mg44 dauers. 
Key: ?, not assessed. Significance of difference from N2DRM (by 2-tailed t -test): °, nominally significant at P <0.05. 
*, P <0.01; **, P<0.001; ***, P<1E?4; ****, P<1E?5, *****, P<1E?6. 
Number of exact consensus DAF-16 sites in upstream 5-kb span, (a, b), where a ?=?GTAAA(C/A)AA, and b ?=?CTTATCA. 
For each gene tested, wild-type N2DRM adults are compared to four age-1 mutant populations and to dauer larvae. The a ge-1(mg44) worms are F1 homozygotes at days 8–9 of adulthood, by which time they were post-gravid, or F2 homozygotes at day 10 (18 days post-hatch); other groups (N2DRM, age-1(hx546) , and daf-16(mu86) ; age-1(mg44) double mutants) were harvested when post-gravid (days 6–8 of adulthood), or as dauer larvae (N2DRM only) from starved, dense cultures 1 day after >98% of worms had become resistant to lysis by 1% sodium dodecyl sulfate. Transcript levels were assayed for 3–8 independent biological replicates, with two cDNA syntheses and RT-PCRs for each. Numbers shown are transcript ratios for each group indicated (in the column header) relative to transcript levels of the same genes in near-isogenic N2DRM controls. All C(t) data (threshold cycle numbers) were normalized to the mean values for three control genes (?-actin, T08G5.3, and Y71D11.3) that did not change among the strains/groups tested. Changes that were at least nominally significant ( P <0.05) are emphasized with bold font. 
Variable Progressive group (n?=?6) Relatively Stable group (n?=?6). 
The percent predicted DLCO and FVC values at baseline, as well as the changes in actual and predicted (DLCO or FVC) values over a 12 months period are indicated as the mean with standard deviation for each group. 
ID Tag Sequence Log2 ratio Symbol Gene description. 
The top 25 up and down regulated genes in the progressive disease group are indicated. A complete list of the differentially expressed 191 transcript tags and their corresponding matching genes group is presented in Table S3 . 
Gene Symbol Gene Description Location Fold change B BAL P/S Sp L. 
Based on the literature available in the IPA database the cellular localization and detection in bodily fluids/tissue is indicated. Fold change is represented as the difference in expression level between the progressive and relatively stable group. B?=?blood; BAL?=?Bronchoalveolar Lavage Fluid; P/S?=?Plasma/Serum; SP?=?Sputum; L?=?Lung. 
ID Molecules in Network Score (1) Number Focus Genes Top Functions Number associated genes (2) P-Values (3). 
Up regulated genes are indicated in bold . Down regulated genes are underlined . Genes not altered in our signature are indicated in plain text. (1) Negative logarithm of the P-value; indicating the likelihood that the focus genes within a network are grouped as a result of random chance; using a confidence level of 99% IPA regards a score ?2 as significant. (2) Number of significantly associated genes with the corresponding molecular function. (3) Range of significances of the associated genes for the corresponding molecular function. 
K M (µM) k cat (s?1) k cat/ K M. 
Protein Reference. 
SH2 domain interaction partners of Nck. 
Protein Reference. 
SH3 domain interaction partners of Nck. 
Only in a few studies, interactions have been mapped to individual SH3 domains. In fact, several studies do not attribute a given interaction to an individual SH3 domain. Moreover, SH3 domains which do not contribute to a direct interaction might well influence binding in a cooperative manner. Thus, the reader is encouraged to consult the cited literature for further information on the Nck interacting protein of interest. 
Gene Oligonucleotide Sequence (5'-3'). 
Representative primer sequences used in this study. 
siRNA and shRNA sequence used in this study. 
Preparation Results References. 
Modulation of cardiac electrophysiology by TGF-?1. 
Group (n) MGUS (71) MM (77) Control (55). 
Main characteristics of MGUS, MM patients and healthy controls. 
Age is given as mean ± SD. MGUS vs MM: p = 0.11; MGUS vs CTR: p = 0.005; MM vs CTR: p = 0.0001; Gender: MGUS vs MM: p = 0.30; MGUS vs CTR: p = 0.91; MM vs CTR: p = 0.21. s-M Protein concentration is expressed as mean ± SD. MGUS vs MM: p = 0.0001 (*) according to the Durie & Salmon criteria [ 26 ]. 
Group N° IGF-I ng/ml B-FGF pg/ml VEGF pg/ml. 
Serum levels of IGF-I, betaFGF and VEGF in Control, MGUS and MM. 
A statistical analysis has been performed both on the three groups together and on the different couple of groups. 
Cytokine levels are given as median (range). P1 = univariate analysis, Kruskall-Wallis test on the three groups. P2 = univariate analysis, Mann Whitney test on Controls vs MGUS. P3 = univariate analysis, Mann Whitney test on MGUS vs MM. P4 = univariate analysis, Mann Whitney test on Controls vs MM. 
The IGF-I behaviour has been also confirmed by logistic regression analysis after data correction for age and gender, as described in the text. 
Group K12- ras gene mutation/total (%) Positive therapy response (%) P Value   Mutant Wild type . 
K- ras gene status and response to therapy. 
Statistical significance for K12-ras gene mutation: Control vs MGUS p = 0.95, Control vs MM p = 0.0001, MGUS vs MM p < 0.0001, Positive therapy response: minor response and no change disease (see Methods) . 
WHO Classification Description FAB Classification. 
The World Health Organization (WHO) and French-American-British (FAB) classifications of acute myelogenous leukemias (AML). 
Computational methods for array data analysis Basic concept of method Reference. 
Brief description of selected computational methods for gene expression data analysis. 
Application Examples. 
Uses of gene expression microarray technology in AML. 
Determination of gene expression signatures for known AML classes. 
Development of clinical outcome gene expression signature. 
Identification of novel classes of AML, based on gene expression signatures. 
Classification of additional mutation status in patients based on gene expression profiles. 
Use of gene expression profiles to predict chemosensitivity. 
Elucidation of the molecular basis of action of AML therapeutic agents. 
Correlation of gene expression profiles in patients with mutation status and negative prognostic indicators. 
Elucidating downstream targets of leukemogenic transcription factors. 
Comparative analysis of downstream targets to identify pathways commonly deregulated in AML. 
Identification of gene expression changes associated with other leukemogenic mutations. 
Correlation between gene expression profiles and epigenetic regulation patterns in AML. 
Molecular characterization of animal models of AML. 
Array type Uses Technique. 
Summary of protein microarray technologies. Information adapted from refs (68–73). 
Binding affinities. 
Specificities. 
Protein expression levels (e.g. healthy vs. diseased tissues). 
Protein-protein. 
Protein-DNA. 
Protein-RNA. 
Protein-phospholipid. 
Protein-small molecule. 
Variable No. of samples %. 
Clinical characteristics of patient enrolled in the study. 
Marker Activated status Number of patients (%) Staining Intensity Number of patients (%). 
Distribution of protein activation or expression and staining intensity in blasts derived from haematological neoplasms. 
GADD45a  pERK-1  c-JUN  CASP ASE8 . 
Proteins status in neoplasia subgroups. 
p values in bold are statistically significant. 
GADD45a  pERK1  c-JUN  CASPASE 8 . 
Outcome of patients studied and proteins status. 
Score 0 = negative; 1 = 1–30% of positive cells; 2: > 30% of positive cells; p values in bold are statistically significant. 
*Relative growth (%) NaCl [M] Species Control 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0. 
Relative sensitivity of fungal species to NaCl. 
* NaCl stress sensitivities were quantified by calculating the percentage growth under each condition relative to the corresponding non-stress control for that species. Examples of the NaCl plates are shown in Fig. 2. 
*Relative growth (%) Sorbitol [M] Species Control 1.0 2.0 3.0. 
Relative sensitivity of fungal species to sorbitol. 
* Sorbitol stress sensitivities were quantified by calculating the percentage growth under each condition relative to the corresponding non-stress control for that species. Examples of the sorbitol plates are shown in Additional File 1 . 
*Relative growth (%) H2O2 [mM] Species Control 0.2 0.5 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 5.0 10 15 20 25 30. 
Relative sensitivity of fungal species to H2O2. 
* H2O2 stress sensitivities were quantified by calculating the percentage growth under each condition relative to the corresponding non-stress control for that species. Examples of the H2O2 plates are shown in Additional File 1 . 
*Relative growth (%) Menadione [mM] Species Control 0.01 0.02 0.03 0.04 0.05 0.1 0.15 0.2 0.25 0.3 0.35 0.4 0.45 0.5. 
Relative sensitivity of fungal species to menadione. 
* Menadione stress sensitivities were quantified by calculating the percentage growth under each condition relative to the corresponding non-stress control for that species. Examples of the menadione plates are shown in Additional File 1 . 
*Relative growth (%) CFW [?g/ml] Species Control 20 30 50 75 100 150 200 250 300. 
Relative sensitivity of fungal species to Calcofluor White. 
* CFW stress sensitivities were quantified by calculating the percentage growth under each condition relative to the corresponding non-stress control for that species. Examples of the Calcofluor White plates are shown in Additional File 1 . 
*Relative growth (%) CR [?g/ml] Species Control 20 50 100 150 200 250 300 400 500. 
Relative sensitivity of fungal species to Congo Red. 
* CR stress sensitivities were quantified by calculating the percentage growth under each condition relative to the corresponding non-stress control for that species. Examples of the Congo Red plates are shown in Additional File 1 . 
Organisms Strains Ecologic Niche References. 
Strains and data sources. 
* C. globosum , C. immitis , C. neoformans and E. cuniculi are classified as category 3 pathogens by ACDP (Advisory Committee on Dangerous Pathogens) and hence were used only for bioinformatics analysis in current study. NCBI GI numbers are provided for E. cuniculi . 
Genome sequences sources; A. gossypii : ; A. fumigatus and C. neoformans : ; A. nidulans , C. globosum , C. immitis , F. graminearum , M. grisea , N. crassa and U. maydis ; C. albicans ; C. glabrata , D. hansenii , K. lactis and Y. lipolytica ; S. cerevisiae ; S. pombe ; E. cuniculi. 
Accession no. Human homolog Description Peptides log2(OA/untreated) Identified in PSD?. 
Most promising potential MAPK substrates identified from cortical culture. 
5557-immunoprecipitated proteins identified from cortical culture were selected based on a high degree of induction upon okadaic acid treatment (log2(OA/untreated) > 2), presence of predicted MAPK phosphorylation site(s) (Scansite, medium stringency), and identification of at least two peptides by MS. For enrichment scores, an S.E. of 0 indicates that the log2 score is derived from a single quantified peptide only. The right column denotes proteins identified previously in the PSD ( 61 ). GeneID lists the NCBI gene number for the rat protein, whereas the NCBI gene name is taken from the human homolog. The full list of 410 identified proteins is provided in supplemental Table S3. LIM, Lin-11, Is1-1, Mec-3 zinc-binding domain; FERM = 4.1, Ezrin, Radixin, Moesin protein domain; PTPRF, protein tyrosine phosphatase, receptor type, f polypeptide. 
Protein is also listed in Table II . 
Accession no. Human homolog Description Peptides Identified in PSD?. 
Most promising potential MAPK substrates identified from rat brain PSD. 
Shown is the list of 5557-immunoprecipitated proteins from rat brain PSD with at least three peptides identified by MS and predicted MAPK phosphorylation site(s) (Scansite, medium stringency). Columns are as in Table I . All 115 identified proteins are listed in supplemental Table S4. SH3, Src homology 3. 
Protein that was also identified from cortical culture (regardless of its enrichment score). 
Cetuximab Panitumumab. 
Comparison between cetuximab and panitumumab. 
BOND2 BOND2  BOND1 BOND1 Cetuximab, irinotecan, and bevacizumab Cetuximab and bevacizumab  Cetuximab and irinotecan Cetuximab alone. 
Nonstatistical comparison of the results of the BOND-2 [ 23 ] and BOND-1 study [ 1 ]. 
Pathway name Pathway source Probestes Wilcoxon p-value Wilcoxon FDR q-value. 
Pathway name Pathway source Probestes Wilcoxon p-value Wilcoxon FDR q-value. 
Pathway name Pathway source Probestes LBF p-value LBF FDR q-value. 
Pathway name from GSEA Gene from biological analysis. 
Novel genes regulating SREBP signaling that were identified in the biological re-screens were mapped onto the pathway analysis data. Shown here are the novel genes that showed up in both biological as well as pathway analyses. 
Treatment Number of Mice Tumor Incidence Papillomas/mouse Total Papillomas. 
p?=?0.003 compared with the basal diet/TPA group. Vehicle: DMSO. 
Response criteria and evaluation ratings used in the classification of clinical efficacy and safety/toxicity scoring of anti-EGFR therapies for solid tumors. General classification schemes used in review of clinical efficacy and safety, WHO criteria [ 24 ]. 
No. of patients  ( n = 105)*. 
*Data missing for 2 patients. 
†One patient with best response of SD in the main study period achieved CR in the 12-month follow-up period. Therefore, in the follow-up analysis, ORR was 20%. 
No. of patients. 
Tratuzumab + AC ( n = 143) AC alone ( n = 138) Trastuzumab + paclitaxel ( n = 92) Paclitaxel alone ( n = 96) Trastuzumab + chemotherapy ( n = 235) Chemotherapy alone ( n = 234). 
Efficacy of Trastuzumab when given in combination with chemotherapy in metastatic breast cancer from Slamon et al. [ 28 ]. 
AC: Anthracycline; TTP: Time to disease progression; TTF: Time-to-treatment failure. 
Dosing regimen    1500 mg once daily 500 mg twice daily All patients  ( n = 69) ( n = 69) ( N = 138) Patient response No. % No. % No. %. 
Dosing regimen    1500 mg once daily 500 mg twice daily All patients  ( n = 69) ( n = 69) ( N = 138) Adverse event* No. % No. % No. %. 
*No grade 4 adverse events occurred for these conditions. 
Study No. of patients Initial and following dose OR (%) Median TOP and range (months). 
Clinical efficacy of Trastuzumab and Lapatinib as monotherapy agents for metastatic breast cancer [ 26 , 27 , 30 , 39 ]. 
OR: Overall response rate; TOP: Time to progression. 
To date, most lapatinib therapies are still in progress and currently being evaluated. 
Study No. of patients Chemotherapy Dose OR (%). 
Overall response for Trastuzumab, Lapatinib, Erlotinib, and Gefitinib combination therapies with chemotherapeutic agents [ 34 , 40 – 43 ]. 
OR: Overall response rate. 
*Study was performed in women with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer that has progressed after trastuzumab-based therapy. 
End point Lapatinib plus capecitabine Capecitabine alone Hazard ratio P -value ( N = 163) ( N = 161) (95% CI). 
Efficacy end points in intent-to-treat population, adapted from Geyer et al. [ 40 ]. 
End Points are based on evaluation by the independent review committee under blinded conditions. 
†The P -value was calculated with the log-rank test. 
‡ The P -value was calculated with Fisher's exact test. 
Drug name Other names for the drug Classification of drug Target receptor(s) of drug Special cancer types and efficacy Important comments Drug manufacturer. 
Summary of Anti-EGFR therapy agents. The 5 anti-EGFR therapy drugs discussed in this review: these 5 drugs are currently being used or in clinical phase testing for anti-EGFR therapy of breast cancer. All of these agents are either already being used in the clinical setting or are in Phase III clinical development. 
MoAb: Monoclonal antibody; EGFR: Epidermal growth factor receptor (ErbB1); HER-2/neu: Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; smTKI: Small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor; w/d: Withdrawn; NSCLC: Nonsmall cell lung cancer; BC: Breast cancer; CRC: Colorectal cancer; mCRC: Metastatic colorectal cancer; SCCHN: Squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. 
Probeset ID Gene Symbol Gene Title Log2 FC FDR p value. 
HSA (102 × dpm). 
Effects of simvastatin on intracellular HSA degradation in HepG2 cells. 
Cells were incubated for 22 hours with 0, 1, and 5 ?M simvastatin, then cell were pulse-labeled for 20 minutes with [35S] methionine. After pulse-labeling, media were washed and incubated for 20, 120 minutes in media containing an excess of unlabeled methionine/cysteine. At the end of each chase period, solubilized cell lysates and media were subjected to immunoprecipitation. Quantification of labeled HSA was determined by SDS-PAGE and scintillation counting. Data presented are from three separate experiments done in duplicate. 
* Intra peaks were calculated from the HSA content at 20 minutes of chase. 
** % recovery represents total labeled apoB (cell lysate + media) remained after 2-hour chasing. 
Significantly up-or down-regulated categories were shown in bold ( p <0.01). q -value was also calculated to correct the multi-testing error. 
GO categories: C, Cellular component; F, molecular function; and P, biological process. 
Complex C. elegans D. melanogaster Vertebrates. 
Conservation of Sin3, NuRD, CoREST and NCoR/SMRT components in the Metazoa. 
Putative orthologues without functional data are indicated in italics. 
Combination Ratio CI(ED50) CI(ED75) CI(ED90) Average CI. 
Gene Name Expression During Intestinal Differentiation Expression in IM Expression in GC Functional Role in IM/GC. 
Oncogenes and Other Genes Aberrantly Overexpressed in IM and Intestinal-Type GC and their Functional Role. 
Key to Table 1:. 
+/+ +/+ + + refers to gradual increase in expression/mutation. 
Expressed. 
Upregulated. 
Overexpressed. 
Gene Name Expression During Intestinal Differentiation Expression in IM Expression in GC Functional Role in IM/GC. 
TSGs and Other Genes Aberrantly Expressed and Silenced in IM and Intestinal-Type GC and their Functional Role. 
Key to Table 2:. 
-/- -/- - - refers to gradual decrease in expression/mutation. 
Minimal/reduced expression. 
Downregulated. 
Silenced. 
Expression profile of genes associated with inflammation and immunopathogenesis in nasal polyposis. 
Expression profile of genes associated with the biological functions of inflammatory cells in nasal polyposis. 
Expression profile of genes associated with structure modification of epithelium in nasal polyposis. 
Significant genes with other or unclear biological functions in nasal polyposis. 
Sample Gender BAC ID Cytoband CNV Validation Start End Length (kb) Origin MLPA probe Gene content. 
Description of the confirmed CNVs affecting each of the 12 patients with ASD, including the BAC ID, chromosomal location, size, CNV type, validation methods and gene content. 
The final CNV size estimate is based on oligo/SNP array data. 
F, female; M, male; NA, not available; MAT, maternally inherited; PAT, paternally inherited. 
aBACs overlapping with polymorphic CNVs described in controls. 
Patient Sex Diagnosis Mental retardation Dysmorphism Seizures Aggressiveness Other features. 
Phenotype data of the 12 patients with autism spectrum and specific rearrangements. 
PDD, pervasive developmental disorder. 
aOccasional self-injurious behavior. 
Drug Tmax (h) Dose range (mg) Bioavailability (%) Half-life (h) Vd (L) Elimination (feces/urine) Antagonism. 
Main pharmacokinetic characteristics of the available ARBs. 
Abbreviations: ARBs, angiotensin II receptor blockers; Tmax, time to reach peak serum concentration; Vd, distribution volume. 
Note: *Values in parentheses refer to EXP3174, the active metabolite of losartan. 
Drug HT Stroke Diabetes/renal CHF MI AF. 
Acronyms of completed and ongoing randomized controlled clinical trials with ARBs. 
Abbreviations: AF, atrial fibrillation; ARBs, angiotensin II receptor blockers; CHF, congestive heart failure; HT, hypertension; MI, myocardial infarction. 
Author Type of ARB Dose and duration of treatment Clinical condition (n. patients) Hs-CRP baseline (mg/L) % Change. 
Percent changes in high sensitivity (hs) C-reactive protein (CRP) during ARB treatment. 
Abbreviations: C, candesartan; I, irbesartan; L, losartan; O, olmesartan; T, telmisartan; V, valsartan; CHF, congestive heart failure; HC, hypercholesterolemia; HT, hypertension; CAD, coronary artery disease; T2D, type 2 diabetes; T1D, type 1 diabetes; NS, normal subjects; MS, metabolic syndrome; B, baseline; P, concurrent placebo; ns, not significant. 
Note: *denotes statistical significance (p < 0.05 or less) of changes from either baseline or concurrent placebo. 
Author Type of ARB Clinical condition (n. patients) e-SEL sICAM-1 sVCAM-1 IL-6 TNF-? MCP-1. 
Percent changes in circulating e-selectin (SEL), intercellular cellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)-1, vascular cellular adhesion molecule (VCAM)-1, interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-?, monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP)-1 during ARB treatment. 
Abbreviations: C, candesartan; I, irbesartan; L, losartan; O, olmesartan; T, telmisartan; V, valsartan; CHF, congestive heart failure; HC, hypercholesterolemia; HT, hypertension; CAD, coronary artery disease; T2D, type 2 diabetes; T1D, type 1 diabetes; NS, normal subjects; MS, metabolic syndrome; B, baseline; P, concurrent placebo; ns, not significant; N/A, not assessed. 
Notes: ? Indicates significant reductions in absence of precise figures retrievable from the publication. 
*Denotes statistical significance (p < 0.05 or less). 
Gene Forward Primer Reverse Primer Probe. 
Primers and probes used in the study. 
Forward primer, reverse primer and Taqman probes for RQ-PCR assays used, all listed 5' - 3' direction. 
Function Symbol Name S Score. 
Up-regulated genes. Functional classes of genes shown are ordered by the S score of the most highly regulated examples in the class with S score ? 5. 
Function Symbol Name S Score. 
Down-regulated genes Functional classes of genes shown are ordered by the S score of the most highly regulated examples in the class with S score ? -2.6. 
Gene Description Ingenuty Name Affymetrix Probe Set S Score Fold RQ-PCR Network Location. 
Comparison of results for selected up-regulated genes determined by Affymetrix/S score and RQ-PCR. 
For each gene ingenuity description, name and Affymetrix probe set, assigned network and cellular location are shown together with the S score and fold RQ-PCR change compared to ?-actin control. 
Pre-Induction Post-Induction Fold-Induction. 
Cytokine and chemokine levels (pg/ml) pre- and post-induction of HCA-7 cells with C. jejuni BCE for 6 h. 
Maize Contig P-value Fold change Gene prediction Function. 
Gene symbol Family Name of the encoded protein. 
Gene symbol Family Name of the encoded protein NR/SVR. 
Gene expression ratios were compared among non-responder and sustained virological responder liver gene expression values. 
IFN, interferon. 
All patients EGFR Group BRCA1 Groups     Low Intermediate High   N?=?123 N?=?12 N?=?38 N?=?40 N?=?33   N (%) N (%) N (%) N (%) N (%). 
ECOG, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group; PS, performance status; NR, not recorded; adeno, adenocarcinoma; BAC, bronchioloalveolar carcinoma; LCC, large cell carcinoma; NOS, non-specified;. 
All Patients EGFR Group BRCA1 Groups     Low Intermediate High   (n?=?123) (n?=?12) (n?=?38) (n?=?40) (n?=?33)   % 95% CI % 95% CI % 95% CI % 95% CI % 95% CI. 
ORR, overall response rate; TTP, time to progression; CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; ND, not determined; MS, median survival. 
RAP 80 LEVELS   ?0.79 0.79–1.41 >1.41  BRCA1 Levels  N months (95% CI) N months (95% CI) N months (95% CI) P. 
CI, confidence interval; NR, not reached. 
RAP 80 LEVELS   ?0.79 0.79–1.41 >1.41  BRCA1 Levels  N months (95% CI) N months (95% CI) N months (95% CI) P *. 
CI, confidence interval. 
All p-values were corrected using the Bonferroni method. 
Age (Years) Sex Duration of Disease (Years) Involvement Smoking IBD-related drugs. 
IBD, inflammatory bowel disease; 5-ASA, 5-aminosalicylate; AZA, azathioprine; Bud, budesonide; Pred, prednisolone. 
Baseline (q1–q3) (pg/mL) End of treatment (q1–q3) (pg/mL) ?% Number of patients with a reduction P. 
P , corrected for multiple analyses. 
Baseline (q1–q3) (ng/mL) End of treatment (q1–q3) (ng/mL) ?% Number of patients with a reduction P. 
P , corrected for multiple analyses. 
HIV-1 element Total interactions Interactions with drug target genes Corrected p. 
HIV-1 interactions with approved drug target genes, by HIV-1 element. 
The proportion of interactions that HIV-1 has with the products of genes that also encode drug targets, compared to total interactions, grouped by HIV-1 element are shown. The statistical significance of the difference in expected and actual figures, indicated by p -values, were calculated in JNets using two-tailed Chi-square tests, corrected for multiple testing using the Benjamini and Hochberg method [ 15 ]. Using a p cutoff of 0.05, we found significantly more Env-gp120 and Env-gp41 interactions and significantly fewer Tat, Integrase and Rev interactions among drug target genes, than would be expected at random. 
Level-2 ATC description Target genes HIV-1 interacting Corrected p. 
HIV-1 interacting drug target genes by drug category. 
The proportion of drug target genes that encode HIV-1 interacting products, compared to the total number of drug target genes, grouped by the level-2 ATC categories of targeting drugs are shown. The statistical significance of the difference in expected and actual figures, indicated by p -values, were calculated in JNets, using two-tailed Fisher's Exact tests, corrected for multiple testing using the Benjamini and Hochberg method [ 15 ]. We have only shown those categories where p < 0.001; all showed over-representation. 
Target sites for: Number of occurrences in 3?UTRs as a whole Number of occurrences in Alu inserts Alu orientation *. 
Some of the most abundant Alu -related miRNA target sites. 
* This column denotes the orientation of the Alu insert in which the target sites are localized: ‘d’ is for direct (sense) orientation, ‘c’ – for complementary (antisense) orientation of the Alu inserts. 
Keyword No proteins % of all proteins Total content of miRNA target sites Content of miRNA target sites in Alu s  MiRNAs, number target sites, number target sites/protein MiRNAs, number target sites, number target sites/protein . 
14 main groups of proteins, defined on the base of most often occurring GOA keywords among the set of analyzed genes. The ratios ‘target sites/protein’ are shaded in yellow for total 3?UTRs and in light green for Alu inserts only. The 3 highest scores are shown in bold. 
miRNA Tumor Suppressor Activity Oncogenic Activity Expression in Cancer Some Targets. 
Various Oncogenic and Tumor Suppressor miRNAs. 
Function miRNAs. 
Various miRNAs Grouped by Function. 
Up-Regulated Down Regulated Probe ID Fold Diff. Probe ID Fold Diff. 
Differential miRNA Expression when Comparing Panc-1 to HPDE *. 
Table only includes the miRNAs with at least a four fold difference in expression. 
Up-Regulated Down Regulated Probe ID Fold Diff. Probe ID Fold Diff. 
Differential miRNA Expression After Treatment in Panc-1 *. 
Table only includes miRNAs with at least a .4 fold difference in expression. 
Up-Regulated Down Regulated Probe ID Fold Diff. Probe ID Fold Diff. 
Differential miRNA Expression After Treatment in Colo-357 *. 
Table only includes miRNAs with at least a .4 fold difference in expression. 
Monoclinic crystal form Triclinic crystal form. 
Values in parentheses are for the highest resolution shell. 
, where I ( hkl ) is the intensity of reflection hkl and is the average intensity over all equivalent reflections. 
R pim is the precision-indicating merging R factor [78] . 
. R free was calculated for a test set of reflections (5%) omitted from the refinement. 
Genotype ARF positive p53 positive (mutant p53) a p21 positive (active p53) a. 
Most tumors strongly positive for p53, lacked p21 expression (reflecting a non-functional mutant p53); and, tumors negative or weakly positive for p53, had detectable p21 (reflecting a functional p53). 
The few tumors that lacked Arf were negative or weakly positive for p53 (reflecting a functional p53). 
Genotype of mouse Status of p53 a Fusions (% of chromosomes) Aneuploidies (% of metaphases) c Breaks (% of chromosomes) Metaphases analyzed (cell lines analyzed). 
The functional status of p53 in the fibrosarcoma cell lines was determined by examining the levels of p53 and p21 upon ?IR, both by immunohistochemistry ( Fig. 5A ) and immunoblotting ( Fig. 5B ), as well as, by their susceptibility to cell cycle arrest upon treatment with nutlin (Supplementary Fig. S5 and S6 ). 
These Atm -null lines with functional p53 correspond to a minority of the 3MC-fibrosarcomas produced in Atm -null mice, which by large have mutant p53 (see Table 1 and Fig. 5B ). Only two lines were obtained that retained functional p53 (Supplementary Fig. S6 ): one derived from an Atm -null; p53 -super mouse and the other one from an Atm -null; p53 -wt mouse. 
Aneuploidies correspond to metaphasases with chromosome numbers different from 40±1 or 80±2. 
Statistical comparison (t-test) between Atm -null(p53-functional) and Arf -null(p53-functional): metaphases with fusions, p ?=?0.04; aneuploid cell lines, p ?=?0.06. 
n = 40 %. 
Clinicopathological data (NSCLC cases). 
Ac, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; BAC, bronchioalveolar adenocarcinoma; LCC, large cell carcinoma. The Department of Pathology (417 VA Hospital-NIMTS, Athens, Greece) the local ethical committee gave permission to use those tissues for research purposes. Oral informed consent was obtained from each patient and the study protocol conforms to the ethical guidelines of the “World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki—Ethical Principles for Medical Research Involving Human Subjects” adopted by the 18th WMA General Assembly, Helsinki, Finland, June 1964, as revised in Tokyo 2004. 
n = 40 EGFR gene status p value Chr 7 status p value Normal Amplification Normal Aneuploidy . 
Combined IHC and CISH results. 
M/H values: Staining intensity values represent gray scale levels between 0 (black) and 255 (white). In this study, Low/Negative values ranged between 132–255, (0/1+), Moderate (M) values ranged between 118 and 131, whereas High (H) values ranged between 67–112. 
P values: chi square test (Cl 99%). 
EGFR IHC vs VEGF IHC: Kappa (Cl 95%) = 0.846. 
Cell growth inhibition ratio (%) Cell groups  Res (?M) 5-FU (?M). 
Cell growth inhibition of HepG2 cells by 24 h treatment with 0.1–0.3% DMSO, RES or 5-FU. 
*P < 0.05 vs control, [ ± SD, SD = 0.8~2.5), n = 3]. 
RNAi = CAVRNAi. 
Cell growth inhibition ratios (%) Cell groups time  24 h 48 h 72 h. 
Cell growth inhibition of HepG2 cells by 24, 48 and 72 h treatment with 200 ?M RES. 
*P < 0.05 vs control, ( ± SD, n = 3). 
Percent Apoptosis (%) Cell groups  Res (?M)  DMSO 20 50 100 200 300. 
Apoptosis induction in HepG2 cell variants by 48 h treatment with DMSO or 20–300 ?M RES. 
*P < 0.05 vs control, ( ± SD, n = 3). 
Cell cycle distribution  Res (?M) Cell groups DMSO 20 50 100 200  G1 G2 S G1 G2 S G1 G2 S G1 G2 S G1 G2 S. 
Cell cycle distribution of HepG2 cells after treatment with or without RES for 48 h. 
*P < 0.05 vs control, [ ± SD, SD = (0.8~3.7), n = 3]. 
Group RES (mg/kg) n Tumor weight/mg Inhibitory rate % Intra-group inhibitory rate%. 
Effect of RES on HepG2 variant xenograft weight. 
Values are means ± SEM, n = 4. 
a. P < 0.05 vs control group. 
b. P < 0.05 vs corresponding untreated group (RES at doses of 0 mg/kg). 
Biopsy code SMA type Sex Age at biopsy (years) SMN1 Deletion SMN2 copy number NAIP deletion. 
Genotype of SMA patients. 
High-molecular weight genomic DNA was obtained from all patients with SMA type I and III enrolled for this study. This was used to control for the presence of SMN1 and NAIP gene deletions and SMN2 copy number. Genomic DNA from age-matched unaffected donors was used to perform parallel control analyses. 
SMA I SMA III Gene Expression value Expression value. 
Real-time quantitative PCR analysis. 
Expression ratios of selected intracellular signaling molecules of atrophy and hypertrophy pathways tested in affected SMAI and III muscles versus control muscles ( p < 0.05). 
Target Class Protein PDB ID Binding Site Volume (Å3) Normalized Docking Score     Torcetrapib Anacetrapib JTT-705. 
The predicted binding affinities are grouped with different symbols: * represents strong binding affinity (NDS<?2.0). 
relatively strong (0.0>NDS>?2.0), and others represent less likely binding due to the steric crashes between the ligand and the protein (NDS>0.0), respectively. 
indicates that Cystine appears in the binding site and may form disulfide bonds with JTT705. 
No Sample Type of sample Age Stage Histology Grade. 
Clinical and histopathological data. 
SCC=squamous cell carcinoma; AC=adenocarcinoma. 
    Arbitrary (relative) intensity a Empiric In silica       Sample ID Result Normal Vaginal cancer Cervical cancer pI MW pI MW Accession number % Sequence coverage Number of matched peptides. 
Upregulated proteins (26) in vaginal and cervical carcinoma compared to normal vaginal tissue. 
1, extremely low; 2, low; 3, moderately; 4, high;. 
Arbitrary (relative) intensity. 
    Arbitrary (relative) intensity a Empiric In silica       Sample ID Result Normal Vaginal cancer Cervical cancer pI MW pI MW Accession number %sequence coverage Number of matched peptides. 
Downregulated (17) proteins in vaginal and cervical carcinoma compared to normal vaginal tissue. 
1, extremely low; 2, low; 3, moderately; 4, high;. 
Arbitrary (relative) intensity. 
Tumor ID Histological type EGFR Her2 HGFR IGF-1R p-Akt SMAD4 K-ras. 
Characterisation of the primary pancreatic cancer xenografts. 
w/t=wild type. 
Variables Number of patients APC RASSF1A ESR1 At least one gene methylated. 
Frequency of methylated genes (% positives) according to clinicopathological features. 
Abbreviations: APC=adenomatous polyposis coli; ESR1=oestrogen receptor 1; HR=hormone receptor; PD=progressive disease; RASSF1A=ras association domain family protein 1A; SD=stable disease. 
* P -values ?0.05. 
Cut-off points (ng?ml –1) Sensitivity (%) Specificity (%). 
Sensitivity and specificity of plasma DNA quantification assay. 
  Response   (a) Total DNA levels Stable ( n =27) Progressive ( n =46) P -value. 
Correlations of (a) plasma total DNA, (b) serum methylated DNA, (c) CTC and (d) molecular markers. 
CTC=circulating tumour cell. 
  Age (years)   Genes <40 ( n =4) 40–49 ( n =14) 50–59 ( n =17) ?60 (n=44) P -value. 
Aberrant methylation of genes by age. 
Abbreviations: APC=adenomatous polyposis coli; ESR1=oestrogen receptor 1; RASSF1A=ras association domain family protein 1A. 
  CTC   (a) Total DNA levels (ngml ?1) Negative ( n =52) Positive ( n =27) P -value. 
(a) Correlation of plasma total DNA levels with CTC; (b) correlation of serum methylated DNA with CTC. 
Abbreviations: APC=adenomatous polyposis coli; CTC=circulating tumour cell; ESR1=oestrogen receptor 1; RASS1A=ras association domain family protein 1A. 
GO terms and accession numbers Category* Z score Permute P Associated Genes. 
Gene Ontology (GO) terms significantly enriched with differentially expressed genes. 
* BP – Biological Process; CC – Cellular Component; MF – Molecular Function. 
Biological pathways Z score Permute P Associated Genes. 
Biological pathways significantly enriched with differentially expressed genes. 
Affymetrix_ID Gene Symbol Description Fold Difference (RES/VUL) a t -Test P Value b. 
Currently known genes that were more highly expressed in resistant than vulnerable neurons in both the present and previous study [ 21 ]. 
a,b – Calculations based on data from this study. Since the previous study [ 21 ] was a time-course study, no corresponding data were available. 
Malignancy Regimen Number of patients Results Comments. 
Selected clinical trials of erlotinib. NSCLC, Non-small cell lung cancer; OS, overall survival; ORR, overall response rate. 
Malignancy Regimen Number of patients Results Comments. 
Selected clinical trials of gefitinib. NSCLC, Non-small cell lung cancer; OS, overall survival; ORR, overall response rate; C/P, carboplatin/paclitaxel; PFS, progression free survival; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Malignancy Regimen Number of patients Results Comments. 
Selected clinical trials of cetuximab. EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; BSC, best supportive care; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression free survival; ORR, overall response rate; mCRC, metastatic colorectal cancer; FOLFIRI, 5 Flourouracil/Folinic Acid and Irinotecan; CapOx , capecitabine/oxaliplatin; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; IHC, Immunohistochemistry; CR , complete response; PR, partial response; FISH , fluorescent in situ hybridization. 
Malignancy Regimen Number of patients Results Comments. 
Selected clinical trials of panitumumab. mCRC, metastatic colorectal cancer; BSC, best supportive care; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression free survival; ORR, overall response rate; SD, stable disease; FOLFOX, 5 Flourouracil/Folinic Acid and oxaliplatin; FOLFIRI, 5 Flourouracil/Folinic Acid and Irinotecan. 
Malignancy Regimen Number of patients Response rate Comments. 
Selected clinical trials of sorafenib. PFS , progression free survival; OS, overall survival; PR , partial response; CR , complete response; HCC , hepatocellular carcinoma; RCC , renal cell carcinoma; TBRR, Tumor burden reduction rate. 
Malignancy Regimen Number of patients Response rate Comments. 
Selected clinical trials of sunitinib. GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; PFS , progression free survival; OS, overall survival; PR , partial response; CR , complete response; TTP, time to progression; m RCC , metastatic renal cell carcinoma; QOL, quality of life. 
Malignancy Regimen Number of patients Response rate Comments. 
Selected clinical trials of lapatinib. MBC, metastatic breast cancer; PFS , progression free survival; OS, overall survival; TTP, time to progression. 
CTC Grade Rash Management. 
Management of anti-EGFR-associated rash and common terminology criteria for adverse events v3.0 (CTCAE), National Cancer Institute. 
m s M n s N e-ratio p-value. 
Enrichment analysis of oncogene domain origination distribution compared with background human genome. 
Go annotation Domain. 
Main function groups of oncogene domains. 
Num Pfam accession id Pfam entry id Frequency of occurrence in virus proteome Description of domain family. 
38 oncogene domains present in virus dataset (367,752 proteins). 
HUGO ID Whole domain fusion events Cellular origin of the whole domain fusion events presence or absence in viruses of the whole domain fusion events. 
24 oncogenes whose domain fusion events arose in prokaryotes. 
(A_B: archaea and bacteria; A: archaea only; B: bacteria_only; P: presence.). 
Oncogene classification according to their functions Oncogenes Origins. 
General classification of oncogene origins according to their functions. 
Number Domain X Domain Y n s m s Enrichment ratio p -value. 
Frequent domain pairs XY in the oncogene graph compared with the background genome. 
(P-value cutoff is 10-6. ns: the number of proteins containing specific domain pair in the background genome. ms: the number of proteins containing specific domain pairs in the oncogene proteins. Background proteins set size: 25,025; oncogene proteins set size: 124). 
Individual domain Archaea Bacteria Protozoa Viridiplantae Fungi Metazoan-invertebrates Metazoan-chordates. 
Phylogenetic profiling analysis of frequent individual domains and domain pairs through 7 taxa from 495 genomes. 
(- for absence and + for presence). 
Gene H. sapiens M. musculus R. norvegicus Gene D. melanogaster Gene C. elegans  mRNA Protein  AllenB     . 
Presence of autophagy related gene expression in neuronal tissue. 
Examples of autophagy related gene expression in humans and common model organisms (mRNA and/or protein). For human, mouse, and rat genes the approved human gene symbol is used , for D. melanogaster and C. elegans their respective gene symbols (if existent) are provided. ( AllenB): Gene mRNA is detectable by hybridization as published in the Allen Brain Atlas ; ( WoBa): neuronal expression data available at WormBase ; (n.a.): not available. 
Gene (Alias) Protein function Knockout/knockdown OE/TG ES/M @ IMSR Neuronal phenotype after k.o./k.d . (Animal model) K.o. embryonic lethal. 
Neuronal phenotype of autophagy related knockout/knockdown animal models. 
Examples of model organism with knockout, knockdown, or overexpression of autophagy genes and the corresponding neuronal phenotype. Approved human gene names are used , in addition commonly used aliases are provided. # While non-neuronal Atg5 and Atg7 k.o. mice survive birth, they die within one day postnatal. (MM): M. musculus; (DM): D. melanogaster; (CE): C. elegans; (OE): overexpression; (ES): embryonic knockout stem cell; (M): mouse line; (TG): transgenic; (GT): gene-trap; (MUT): targeted mutation; (IMSR): knockout ES/mice available through the International Mouse Strain Resource ; (*): neuronal tissue examined; (n.a.): not available. 
Disease Autophagosomal phenotype Ref . 
Autophagy in common chronic neurodegenerative diseases. 
Injury Autophagy related changes Ref . 
Autophagy in acute neuronal injury. 
Cohort Tumors analyzed K-ras mutation p16 methylation   Codons 12 and 13 Codon 61 . 
Primer Sequence 5?-3?. 
non-transgenic transgenic dysplasia. 
HEK293 cells + CaR Rat parathyroid. 
Regulation of PTH gene expression in HEK293 cells transfected with the CaR and hPTH plasmids and in the rat parathyroid by calcium. 
AUF1 = AU rich binding factor; KSRP = KH domain splicing regulatory protein; PTH = parathyroid hormone. 
List Name Number of Genes Description Reference. 
Table Name (Size) siRNA HIV König (293) siRNA HIV Brass (283) siRNA HIV Zhou (303) siRNA HIV Fellay (63) Particle Associated HIV (248) HARC Nef (6) HARC Tat (69) HARC Rev (56) BIND INT HIV (23) NCBI Interactions (1,434) siRNA Flu Fly (98). 
Each entry in the table shows the p -values (determined by comparison to random simulation) and the number of overlapping genes in parenthesis. Set names are as in Table 1 . 
Symbol Frequency (siRNA) siRNA HIV König siRNA HIV Brass siRNA HIV Zhou SNP HIV Fellay Particle Associated HIV HARC Nef HARC Tat HARC Rev BIND INT HIV NCBI Interactions siRNA Flu Fly siRNA WNV Druggable? Exp in CD4 Description. 
The asterisks indicate positive calls. Set names are as in Table 1 . “Druggable” is as determined in Hopkins and Groom and Orth et al. [56] , [57] . 
Plasma free fatty acids (mg/dl) Plasma triglycerides (mg/dl) Plasma leptin (ng/ml). 
Metabolic characteristics of the transgenic mice and their wild-type littermates. 
Data are means ± SE of values from 7–10 animals from each genotype at 8 weeks for plasma triglycerides and leptin or at 10 weeks for plasma free fatty acids. 
Counted islets per animal Counted nuclei per animal Nuclei per islet Proportion of Ki-67–positive nuclei per islet (%). 
Numbers of total and Ki-67–positive nuclei in islets. 
Data are means ± SE of values from four animals from each genotype. Pancreatic sections were immunostained with the anti–Ki-67 antibody followed by counterstaining with hematoxylin as shown in Fig. 3 I . Numbers of all nuclei and of Ki-67–positive nuclei in the islets of wild-type and transgenic mice were counted. 
Counted islets per animal Counted nuclei per animal Nuclei per islet Proportion of TUNEL-positive nuclei per islet (%). 
Numbers of insulin- and TUNEL-positive nuclei in islets. 
Data are means ± SE of values from five animals from each genotype. Pancreatic sections were double-stained with the anti-insulin antibody and TUNEL assay 1 week after 50 mg/kg streptozotocin administration as shown in Fig. 4 H . Numbers of all nuclei and of TUNEL-positive nuclei in the insulin-positive cells of wild-type and transgenic mice were counted. 
Cell lines G1 phase S phase G2 phase  No Dox Dox No Dox Dox No Dox Dox. 
*p<0.05, **p<0.01 and ***p<0.001 with respect to no dox control of same cell cycle phase. 
Low-grade and non-muscle-invasive urothelial tumors. 
High-grade and muscle-invasive urothelial tumors. 
Treatment Regeneration n Significant p-value. 
A chi square test was used to assess statistical significance when comparing eyes treated with FGF-2 plus inhibitor (U0126) to control eyes (FGF-2 plus control bead). Treatment with the MEK inhibitor significantly reduced retinal regeneration in this system. 
Gene, length * Type of tissue Number of ESTs Total length of ESTs, Kbp Number of mutations Mutation frequency, per 100 bp     total nonsynonymous+nonsense+frameshift total nonsynonymous+nonsense+frameshift. 
Only coding sequences for exons 1 and 2 for RASSF1A and exons 1–8 for RBSP3, the whole ORF for insulin, P16/INK4? and GPR14 . 
Locus RASSF1A /Cell line Description Number of clones, mutated+nonmutated Mutation frequency, per 100 bp Total number of mutations Deletions Transitions over transversions Mutations of G/C nucleotides. 
Gene, length Number of sequenced clones Total length/coding sequences, Kbp Number of mutations Mutation frequency, per 100 bp    total In coding region total In coding region. 
Gene/cell clone In vitro In vivo  tested mutated tested mutated. 
Cell clone Mutation Number of sequenced plasmid clones with founder mutation. 
A summary of the number of transcripts expressed in each of the isolated prostate cell clusters in comparison with defined SC profiles from ESC, HSC and NSC [16] , [17] , skin SC [18] and liver SC [19] . The number of transcripts appearing in the prostate cluster or SC publication is denoted in brackets in each case. In each instance the percentage (%) indicates the correspondence with the prostate cluster. A complete list of transcripts for each of the denoted comparisons is presented in Table S5 . 
Cluster TF Accession number in TRANSFAC DB p-value * Enrichment Factor **. 
TFs whose binding site profiles were significantly enriched in the three SC-related clusters described in Fig. 1 are presented. 
P values indicate the significance of TF signature enrichment in the cluster relative to that in the background set as described in Materials and Methods . 
Enrichment factor values represent the frequency of the TF signature in a cluster divided by its frequency in the background set. 
Subset Category mRNAs. 
Functional classification is shown for 146 mRNAs scored as increased relative to differentiated Sca-1Neg cells ( Table S3 ). The average relative increases (fold change) from three comparisons is given in parentheses. When two values are presented in brackets following a gene, the first number represents the fold change in UGE, the second in Sca-1Hi. A mRNA that is present but not increased is denoted NC. 
Bolded genes represent those that were validated by FACS or qPCR. 
Specific E2f3-target genes. 
Aldh activity is elevated in Sca-1Hi cells ( Figure 3B ). 
Primer Sequences. 
Real-time RT-PCR primer list. 
Age (after birth)  1w 3w 6w. 
Body weight, kidney weight and kidney weight/body weight of control and inv?C mice. 
Examined mice are control mice (1w (n=15), 3w (n=10), and 6w (n=14)) and inv ?C mice (1w (n=7), 3w (n=9) and 6w (n=10)). 
* p<0.05 compared to the same age control. 
** p<0.01 compared to the same age control. 
Control (n=29) inv ?C (n=29) inv ?C+PD (n=16). 
Effect of PD184352 treatment on body and kidney weight and renal function of inv?C mice. 
6-week-old control (n=29), inv ?C (n=29), and inv ?C+PD ( inv ?C treated with PD184352) (n=16) were examined. 
** p<0.01 compared to control. 
## p<0.01 compared to inv ?C. 
Comparison/contrast Unexpressed Unchanged Increased expression Decreased expression % of microarray DE b. 
Differentially expressed genes detected over the trypanosome infection time course and between breeds. 
a DE: Differentially expressed. 
Expressed genes are defined as those having foreground ? background +2 SD in ? 50% of microarrays in any group of microarrays for a contrast. 
Numbers of differentially expressed genes ( P ? 0.05) are based on a total of 7,920 genes and are FDR-adjusted. 
For the between breed contrasts, increased expression indicates higher in N'Dama compared to Boran and decreased expression indicates higher in Boran compared to N'Dama. 
Comparison/contrast   Time point Boran (time point vs 0 dpi) N'Dama (time point vs 0 dpi) Boran vs N'Dama. 
Biological process gene ontology (GO) categories significantly over-represented in N'Dama and Boran over the time course (P ? 0.01). 
Gene Symbol Gene Name Gene Ontology: Biological Process. 
Biological process gene ontologies for genes validated by real time qRT-PCR. 
Gene symbol Gene name Primer sequence (5'-3') a Amplicon size Primer concentration. 
Bovine oligonucleotide primers used for real time qRT-PCR. 
a F: Forward primer, R: Reverse primer. 
Viral Proteins Effect on PML Reference. 
Viral Proteins that Regulate PML. Many viruses have mechanisms that target and control PML. Several of these controls occur post-translationally to effect PML stability and/or localization. The viral protein components that regulate PML are listed in the first column. The second column indicates the effect that these proteins have on PML. 
Genotype Fertile adults (%). 
All experiments performed at 20°C unless indicated. Experiments involving lin-35 and ubc-18 were performed using the alleles n745 and ku354 , respectively. We note that pharyngeal morphology and function was normal in the suppressed fertile adults. 
Double mutants were derived from a parental strain carrying the lin-35 -rescuing extrachromosomal array, kuEx119 . 
Double mutants were maintained by propagating low-frequency escapers of the synthetic lethality. 
Genotype Total Embryos % Embryonic lethality at 25°C a % Larval lethality at 25°C a. 
The independently derived extrachromosomal arrays fdEx51 and fdEx53 carry multiple copies of the pha-1(e2123ts) allele in addition to the sur-5 ::GFP marker. 
Both embryonic- and larval-lethal animals exhibited the Pun phenotype. 
Study Treatments KRAS N (%) RR, N (%) TTP (months) OS (months) Remarks. 
KRAS and treatment response to Cetuximab or Panitumumab in previously treatment patients with colorectal cancer. 
a The 2006 and 2008 studies by Lievre and coworkers were based on independent patient series. 
b For all patients (CTX and PAN), average TTP was 3.7 months for patients with wild type KRAS versus 1.7 months for patients with mutant KRAS. 
Abbreviations: CTX = cetuximab; PAN = panitumumab; IRI = irinotecan; Ox = oxaliplatin; Cap = capcitabine; BSC = best supportive care; WT = wild type; MT = mutant-type; RR = objective response rate (complete response + partial response); TTP = time to progression, OS = overall survival; NA = Not Available or Not Applicable. 
Study Treatments KRAS N (%) RR, N (%) TTP (months) OS (months) Remarks. 
KRAS and treatment response to Cetuximab-containing regiments in chemotherapy-naïve patients with colorectal carcinoma. 
Abbreviations: CTX = cetuximab; PAN = panitumumab; IRI = irinotecan; Ox = oxaliplatin; Cap = capcitabine; Bev = bevacizumab; BSC = best supportive care; WT = wild type; MT = mutant type; NA = Not Available or Not Applicable; RR = objective response rate (complete response + partial response); TTP = time to progression; OS = overall survival. 
Function of HPV Gene Products. 
Reference Tumour type Pts ( n ) Daily dose (mg) Regimen Daily mtd (mg) Toxicity Activity. 
Phase i clinical trials with temsirolimus 5. 
a 15 mg/m2 in heavily pretreated patients. 
Pts = patients; mtd = maximal tolerated dose; nsclc = non-small-cell lung cancer; pr = partial response; mr = minor response; sd = stable disease; 5- fu = 5-fluorouracil; lv =leucovorin. 
Dose level (mg) Pts ( n ) Good Intermediate Poor Pts Survival (months) Pts Survival (months) Pts Survival (months) ( n ) (%) Median 95% ci ( n ) (%) Median 95% Ci ( n ) (%) Median 95% ci. 
Median survival of renal cell carcinoma patients treated with temsirolimus, by risk group 29. 
a For 3 patients, data for 1 or more of the prognostic factors were missing. These patients could not be assigned to a risk group. 
Pts = patients; ci = confidence interval; na = not available. 
Target Type of Modulation for Antidepressant Outcome Method of Assessment ( In Vivo/ In Vitro Animal Models). 
Serotonin Receptors, their Downstream Targets and Screening Methods: Role in Depression. 
The table hints the overall status of various probable targets related to the serotonergic system and the screening methods which have been used to correlate them with depression. 
Target Screening Modes Mechanism * References. 
Multiple Neuropharmacological Mechanisms of Fluoxetine Making it an Ideal Antidepressant. 
The mechanisms are discussed in detail in the text. 
Classifications Number of genes Percentage of genes P value. 
Pathways represented in 480 differentially expressed genes with highest statistical discrimination. 
FGF, fibroblast growth factor; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Classifications Number of genes Percentage of genes P value. 
Biological processes represented in 480 differentially expressed genes with highest statistical discrimination. 
Classifications Number of genes Percentage of genes P value. 
Molecular functions represented in 480 differentially expressed genes with highest statistical discrimination. 
Classification of clustered genes Number of genes Percentage of genes P value. 
Biological processes of differentially expressed genes of each cluster. 
Gene Accession number Description Fold change Basal MEK/ERK dependent         U0126 TNF TNF + U0126 . 
Extracellular space genes regulated at least 1.45-fold by TNF?a. 
aGenes separated into molecular function subcategories represented in the list of gene changing at least 1.45-fold by TNF? as either mitogen-activated kinase kinase (MEK)/extracellular regulated kinase (ERK) dependent or MEK/ERK independent. Specifically defined subcategories were identified in the molecular function gene ontology as significantly represented ( P < 0.01) within the MEK/ERK dependent or MEK/ERK independent lists. 
Fly gene Human homologue Z-score Function. 
List of top hits from computational analysis of mean cell area in images from a high-content genome-wide RNAi screen. 
This list was derived from an initial hit list (Additional data file 1) following the confirmation of phenotypes by visual inspection and the exclusion of genes causing other cell shape phenotypes. Genes participating in the Ras signaling pathway are highlighted in bold. 
Wortmannin (nm) H-Ras colony number in % Ly294002 (?M) H-Ras colony number in % ErbB-2/neuT colony number in %. 
Prdx1 ?/? MEFs have a higher sensitivity to PI3K inhibitors in H-Ras or ErbB-2 induced transformation. 
Disease Clinical manifestations Neuronal populations affected Protein aggregates Genetic factors References. 
General description of the neurodegenerative diseases discussed in this article. 
PINK1, PTEN-induced putative kinase 1; LRRK2, leucine-rich repeat kinase 2; SOD1, Cu/Zn-superoxide dismutase 1. 
Signals Tyrosine phosphorylation connection Biological outcome References. 
Examples of cellular and extracellular stimuli that result in Crk-mediated signal transduction:. 
The data are arranged in potential classes of initiating signals, as well as major tyrosine phosphorylated scaffolds that assemble with Crk or CrkL. For specific examples, please see references [ 2 , 5 , 19 - 73 ] in the bibliography. 
Homolog (protein); Blastx value Homolog species Insert size (bp) Accession number SSH library. 
Regulated genes identified in the SSH libraries of thermally challenged Bathymodiolus thermophilus with significant database matches (only sequences with E-value above 0.005 are shown). 
Forward: genes over-expressed at 10°C versus 20°C;. 
Reverse: genes over-expressed at 20°C versus 10°C. 
Homolog (protein); Blastx value Homolog Species Insert size (bp) Accession number SSH library. 
Regulated genes identified in the SSH libraries of thermal exposed Paralvinella pandorae irlandei with significant database matches (E-value above 0.005). 
Forward: genes over-expressed at 10°C versus 20°C; Reverse: genes over- expressed at 20°C versus 10°C. 
Genes Fold-change (calibration to 10°C). 
mRNA expression of genes in B. thermophilus presented as a fold-change value with animals exposed at 10°C as a calibrator. 
Genes Fold-change (calibration to 10°C). 
mRNA expression of genes in P. pandorae presented as a fold-change value with animals exposed at 10°C as a calibrator. 
Genes Primer sequences. 
Primer sequences used in real-time PCR expression analysis for B. thermophilus SSH libraries validation. 
Genes Primer sequences. 
Primer sequences used in real-time PCR expression analysis for P. pandorae irlandei SSH libraries validation. 
Total Runx3 expression Negative * Runx3 expression Positive * P value. 
Runx3 expression is graded as negative (less than 5% of positive cells) and positive (over 5% of positive cells). 
The grading of invasion is according to the classification described by Jakobsson et al. as patterns I, II, III and IV [38] . 
Protein clusters Transcript clusters Pearson's correlation. 
Comparison of discretized protein and transcript data. 
Total Number variant Percent variant. 
Summary of network features for the cell line models. 
Component Number of rule connections Variable across initial state. 
The most highly connected components in the network model. 
Number of rules Key component(s) Summary of key events. 
Summary of signaling modules. 
Proteins Chr. Location 1 Splicing 2 Activation 3. 
Characteristics of Bcl-2 Proteins. 
Chromosomal location of bcl-2 genes. 
Reported numbers of alternative splice products. For several splice variants, there is no function so far identified, as for several splice variants of Bim and two splice variants of Bax. For several proteins the number of splice products has not been reported (n.r.). 
Mechanisms for activation of Bcl-2 proteins: Ph, phosphorylation; Deph, dephosphorylation; Cl, cleavage; Con, conformational change; p53, transactivation by p53. 
Cancer-Related Genes Genetic Change DNA Methylation Major Tumour Sites / Types References. 
Genetic and DNA Methylation Changes in Common Cancer Related Genes. 
Dataset Number of Proteins Number of Sites * Sites per Protein Site per aa (×1000) p -value #. 
Proteins from the two-step or one-step purification protocols, or total Drosophila melanogaster proteins (as annotated in the UniProtKB database) were analyzed using the SUMOsp program to yield the total number of SUMO conjugation sites that match the canonical ?KxE/D consensus motif for each dataset. 
p -values were calculated using the hypergeometric distribution to compare the number of predicted sites per amino acid in the databases of purified proteins to the number of sites per amino acid in the Drosophila proteome. 
These proteins were identified through both the two-step purification and the single-step purification. 
Proteins in parenthesis were identified through the one-step purification only, and therefore may not be direct sumoylation targets. All other proteins were identified through the two-step purification or through both the two-step purification and the single-step FLAG IP. 
These proteins were validated through the bacterial sumoylation assay as SUMO substrates are underlined. A subset of these assays is shown in Figure 1 . 
These proteins were identified through both two-step and one-step purification procedures. 
Proteins in parenthesis were found through the one-step purification only, and therefore may not be direct sumoylation targets. 
sumo k01211 sumo 04493. 
The comparison of the TUNEL positive cells. 
*, p <0.001; control group, vehicle treated; S1P group, 10 µM of S1P treatment for 24 hr. 
Genes that were up- and down-regulated by thyrotropin. 
Change of gene expression with TSH treatment according to treatment time. 
Gene names written in the table indicate that at that time expression of the gene was maximized. For example, myotrophin was expressed maximally at 6 hr after TSH treatment. A clustering group was categorized according to the gene expression pattern by clustering analysis. 
Genes that were up- and downregulated by IGF-1. 
IGF-1, insulin-like growth factor-1. 
Genes that were up- and downregulated by insulin. 
The growth inhibitory effects of RA derivatives. 
Cells were treated with one of these RA derivatives at the indicated concentrations. 
RA, retinoic acid; 4-HPR, 4-hydroxyphenyl retinamide; ATRA, all-trans retinoic acid. 
Median effect analysis for sequential 13- cis RA plus 4-HPR treatment in H1703 cells. 
*, when cells were treated with 13- cis RA for 1 hr and then treated with 4-HPR for 48 hr. †, when cells were treated with 13- cis RA for 1 hr and then treated with 4-HPR for 72 hr. 
RA, retinoic acid; 4-HPR, 4-hydroxyphenyl retinamide; CI, combination index. 
Median effect analysis for sequential ATRA plus 4-HPR treatment in H1703 cells. 
*, when cells were treated with ATRA for 1 hr and then treated with 4-HPR for 48 hr. †, when cells were treated with ATRA for 1 hr and then treated with 4-HPR for 72 hr. 
ATRA, all-trans retinoic acid; 4-HPR, 4-hydroxyphenyl retinamide; CI, combination index; UN, unvalued. 
Antibody/clone Source Antigen retrieval Dilution Incubation time and temperature Method. 
Details of antibodies used for immunohistochemistry in this study. 
  PTEN CDKN2A p-AKT (ser473) TSC1 TSC2 p-TSC2 (Thr1462) p-mTOR (ser2448) mTOR p-S6K (Thr389) S6K p-RPS6 (ser235/236) RPS6 p-4EBP1 (Thr70) eiF-4E. 
Immunohistochemistry for the AKT/TSC/mTOR pathway molecules in chordomas. 
Although the TMA was built with 50 chordomas, the total number described for each antibody represents the number that was possible to analyse. 
The scoring system employed was as follows: negative in the absence of immunoreactivity, ‘low' when the immunoreactivity was unequivocal but less strong than the positive control and ‘high' when the immunoreactivity was at least as strong as the positive control. In all of the positive cases, the immunoreactivity was present in more than 95% of the neoplastic cells. 
  WWOX(?) WWOX(+)   IPMA ( n =3) ( n =17) P -value a. 
Correlation of WWOX expression with clinicopathological findings in IPMA. 
IPMA=intraductal papillary mucinous adenoma; Ki-67 LI=Ki-67 labelling index; ssDNA ABI=ssDNA apoptotic body index. 
P -value less than 0.05 was considered to be statistically significant. 
Ki-67 LI was determined by counting the positive cells in 1000 tumour cells, whereas the ssDNA ABI was determined by counting the ssDNA-positive cells in 10 high-power fields. 
  WWOX(?) WWOX(+)   IPMC ( n =17) ( n =4) P -value a. 
Correlation of WWOX expression with clinicopathological findings in IPMC. 
IPMC=intraductal papillary mucinous carcinoma; Ki-67 LI=Ki-67 labelling index; ssDNA ABI=ssDNA apoptotic body index. 
P -value less than 0.05 was considered to be statistically significant. 
Ki-67 LI was determined by counting the positive cells in 1000 tumour cells, whereas the ssDNA ABI was determined by counting the ssDNA-positive cells in 10 high-power fields. 
Pathway Species Materials Method Reference. 
Examples of Pathway Signatures Developed by Various Methods. 
Syndrome Mode of Inheritance Gene/Locus. 
Genes Causing Predisposition to Lynch Syndrome and Related Variants. 
Footnote to Table 1: AD, autosomal dominant; AR, autosomal recessive. 
Species Homo sapiens Mus musculus Rattus norvegicus Drosophila melanogaster. 
PTPRR nomenclature in various species. 
Hereditary mitochondrial diseases. 
Mechanisms leading to mitochondrial cell death. 
Excitable medium Velocity (?m/s). 
Influence of mitochondria on the velocity of Ca2+ waves in a SR vesicle agarose gel. 
Spontaneous Ca2+ waves in a SR vesicle agarose gel were assessed by confocal scanning fluorescence microscopy with Fluo-3. SR vesicles were isolated from the m. longissimi dorsi of German landrace pigs. Rat heart mitochondria (RHM) were isolated with standard procedures. SR vesicles were incubated in a solution with the following composition (mM): KCl 100, MgCl2 5, Na2-ATP 4, Phosphocreatine 10, EGTA 0.04, PIPES 20; Fluo-3 0.01; pH = 7.2. The concentration of agarose gel was 0.66% (86). For Ca2+ stimulation we either used a glass tip or a small stripe of paper soaked with Ca2+ solution (200 ?M). Under the influence of 10 nM thapsigargin, an inhibitor of the SR Ca2+-ATPase (SERCA), the velocity of Ca2+ waves decreased signifcantly compared to the controls. If mitochondria were added to SR vesicles (together with 10 mM pyruvate plus 2 mM malate as mitochondrial substrates) significantly faster propagating waves were observed. After inhibition of mitochondrial function with 1 ?M antimycin A, an inhibitor of complex III of the respiratory chain, this effect was completely abolished. Further details see [ 86 ]. Data as mean ± S.D. a, b indicate significant differences between the marked groups (p < 0.01). 
Samples No. tested Down-regulation of mRNA. 
Frequency of down-regulation of expression of DUX-related genes in normal tissues and cervical carcinomas. 
Down-regulation was defined as the ratio normal/tumor exhibiting at least threefold reduction of mRNA level in tumor or the absence of mRNA expression. 
* Products of PCR were absent in adjacent normal tissue as well as matched tumor. 
** Fisher's exact test. 
mRNA expression  hypermethylation    + -  Cervical carcinomas  - 18 10 8 + 6 0 6. 
Correlation between 3.3-kb repeats hypermethylation and loss of expression of DUX mRNA in cervical carcinomas and cancer cell lines. 
Protein kinase Kinase activity (%) Protein kinase Kinase activity (%). 
Specificity spectrum of hematein. 
Residual activity is determined in the presence of 10 ?M hematein under 10 ?M ATP and expressed as a percentage of the control without inhibitor. Residual activities ? 10% are shown in bold. CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; CHK, checkpoint kinase; CK, casein kinase; SRC, sarcoma kinase; DRAK, DAP kinase-related apoptosis-inducing protein kinase; DYRK, dual-specificity tyrosine-(Y)-phosphorylation regulated kinase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; Flt, fms-related tyrosine kinase; GCK, gluokinase; GSK, glycogen synthase kinase; HIPK, homeodomain interacting protein kinase; KDR, kinase insert domain receptor; Lck, lymphocyte cell-specific protein-tyrosine kinase; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; MKK, mitogen-activated kinase; MSK, mitogen- and stress-activated protein kinase; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamyin; p70S6K, p70 S6 kinase; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; PDK, 3'-phosphoinositide-dependent kinase; PKA, protein kinase A; PKB, protein kinase B; PKC, protein kinase C; PKD, protein kinase D; PRAK, p38-regulated activated kinase; ROCK, Rho-dependent protein kinase; SRPK, serine-arginine protein kinase; SGK, serum and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase. 
      Quartiles       25 50 75 Variable Mean±s.e. Range (median). 
Distribution of numerical variables of the study. 
DFS=disease-free survival; OS=overall survival. 
Marker CA/normal Median (1st, 3rd quartile) Mean ratio a (s.e.) 95% CI P -value **. 
Marker distribution in 122 paired tumour (1) and normal tissues (0) and the distribution of the expression ratios of tumour to normal. 
CI=confidence interval; KLK=kallikrein-related peptidase. 
Back-transformed mean log ratios of cancer to normal expressions. 
** P -values from the paired t -test on log-transformed values. 
    Univariate Multivariate Clinical variable N (%) HR CI P * HR CI P- value **. 
The univariate and multivariate Cox regression analysis for the overall survival. 
CI=confidence interval; KLK=kallikrein-related peptidase. 
* P -values from univariate Cox regression. 
** P -values for clinical variables are from multivairate Cox regression after adjusting for each other. 
P -values for markers are from multiviariate Cox regression with significant clinical variables from above and the marker of interest. 
    Univariate Multivariate Clinical variable N (%) HR CI P * HR CI P- value **. 
The univariate and multivariate Cox regression analysis for the disease-free survival. 
CI=confidence interval; KLK=kallikrein-related peptidase. 
* P -values from univariate Cox regression. 
** P -values for clinical variables are from multivairate Cox regression after adjusting for each other. 
P -values for markers are from multiviariate Cox regression with clinical variable TNM stage and the marker of interest. 
Class of protein Client protein or interacting protein of HSP90 Mechanism of action Potential target cancer. 
A selected list of HSP90 client proteins, mechanism of actions of these proteins and potential target tumours that HSP90 inhibitors could be applied to. 
CDK4= cyclin dependent kinase 4; CML=chronic myeloid leukaemia; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; ER=oestrogen receptor; GIST=gastrointestinal stromal tumours; HIF=hypoxia-inducible factor; HSP=heat-shock protein; MAPK= mitogen activated protein kinase; NSCLC= non-small cell lung cancer; Rb=retinoblastoma; RIP=receptor-interactingprotein. 
Subgroup ORR (%) TTP (days) p value B PLD+B B PLD+B. 
Subgroup analyses from phase III trial of bortezomib vs pegylated liposomal doxorubicin + bortezomib (PLD+B). 
Abbreviations: ASCT, autologous stem cell transplant; ISS, International Staging System; MNR, median not reached; N/A, not available; TSD, time since diagnosis; TPP, time to disease progression; ORR, overall response rate. 
Adverse event Bortezomib (%) N = 318 PLD+B (%) N = 318 p value. 
Grade 3–4 adverse events in phase III trial of bortezomib vs pegylated liposomal doxorubicin + bortezomib (PLD+B). 
Author Phase of study Regimen Dose Evaluable pts (#) PR (%) CR/nCR (%) PFS/TTP (med. months). 
Pegylated liposomal doxorubicin + bortezomib combinations in relapsed/refractory setting. 
Abbreviations: B, bortezomib; D, dexamethasone; M, melphalan; PLD, pegylated liposomal doxorubicin; T, thalidomide; PR, partial response; CR, complete response; nCR, near complete response; ORR, overall response rate; PFS, progression-free survival; TTP, time to disease progression. 
Ageing types Identification characteristics Epidermis Dermis Clinical. 
Comparison of chronological aging and photoaging. 
Reference Study design No. of patients Duration Observations in tretinoin group. 
Overview of short-term studies on tretinoin. 
Note: aAll observations were statistically significant compared with control group. 
Reference Study design Duration No. of patients Observations and Inferences. 
Overview of studies involving 6 months’ tretinoin treatment. 
n Body weight (g) A1C (%) Retinal sorbitol (nmol/mg protein) * Retinal fructose (nmol/mg protein) * Serum salicylates (mg/l) †. 
Characteristics, retinal polyol pathway activity, and serum salicylate levels of study rats. 
Data are means ± SD. Statistical analysis was performed with ANOVA followed by Fisher's protected least-significant difference test. 
*Measurements were performed in four rats from each group;. 
†measurements were performed in three diabetic rats treated with aspirin and one untreated diabetic rat;. 
‡ P < 0.0001,. 
§ P < 0.01 compared with control rats. 
Functional category and known function * Upregulated Downregulated. 
Functional clustering of the known genes differentially expressed in retinal vessels in diabetes. 
*The 127 known genes differentially expressed in diabetes were assigned to functional categories based on review of information from NCBI (National Center for Biotechnology Information) Entrez Gene integrated with data from published literature. Individual genes are listed in all pertinent categories based on their known functions. The complete list of the genes included in each functional category is presented in supplemental Tables 2–8. 
†Includes genes related to functions that cannot be assigned to any of the major categories;. 
‡as stated in bibliographical sources. 
Normal rats Diabetic rats Normal wild-type mice Diabetic wild-type mice Nondiabetic AT1-R knockout mice Diabetic AT1-R knockout mice Vehicle Control peptide PRRB Vehicle Scramble peptide Losartan PRRB Losartan plus PRRB Vehicle PRRB. 
Metabolic parameters. 
* P < 0.01 compared with normal or nondiabetic animals. 
NSC number Name SOM Region(s) Cancer activea. 
myr-AKT-insensitive drugs. 
Drugs inducing similar levels of apoptosis in parental and myr-AKT expressing HCT116 cells. 
aDrugs that induce increased survival and/or decreases in tumor mass according to testing performed at the National Cancer Institute ( http://www.dtp.nih.nci.gov ) were classified as cancer active. 
nt not tested. 
NSC number Name SOM region(s). 
myr-AKT-sensitive drugs. 
Drugs that induced more apoptosis in parental than in myr-AKT expressing HCT116 (ratio?>?2). 
Specificity of Methylation at Different markers, and Its Correlation with Aging, and Hepatitis Virus Infection in the Liver. 
HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; HCV, hepatitis C virus; HBV, hepatitis B virus. 
Gene Cancer syndrome References on genomic deletions or duplications. 
Rare cancer CNVs at known cancer-predisposing genes. 
The 28 genes of the 70 germline cancer genes in the Cancer Genes Census [ 30 ] that have been reported to be mutated by genomic deletion or duplication are shown. 
Herbs Components Anti-diabetic Mechanism Models of experiments or tests Application and recommend dosage Ref. 
Herbs commonly used in diabetes management. 
Ras density Ras per lattice Gold density ( )  ( ). 
Shown are the four Ras densities used in Figs. 4 , 5 , and 6 . For lattice parameters, see Methods . 
R1-Fg-(CH2)3-(CH2)n-(CH2)4-CH(OH)R2 % relative to control±SEM Compound a Functional group (Fg) R1 R2 n TH+ neurons b Length/TH+ neuron c. 
Compounds used at 100 nM concentration. 
Number of TH+ neurons per well as a percentage of untreated cultures expressed as the mean±SEM of at least three independent experiments performed in triplicate. 
Neurite length per neuron as a percentage of untreated neurons measured on at least 100 neurons per condition using an image analyser (Neurite Outgrowth, Explora Nova, France) and expressed as the mean±SEM of three independent experiments performed in triplicate. 
Non-determined. 
Related values obtained at 10 nM because of a weak toxicity observed at 100 nM. 
??=?cyclopropyl. Statistical analysis was performed by one-way ANOVA followed by Bonferroni's post hoc test (P<0.001, reported in text ). 
Attributes Successful CNS Drug a Compound 6c. 
see ref [49] . 
see ref [50] . 
in water with 1% ethanol. 
Gene Primers Size. 
Gene Primers Size. 
The ?-actin PCR primer pair was selected to span a 206 bp intron [ 61 ]. 
Sample IgH split t(11;14) t(4;14) del13 del17 t(6;14) t(14;16) Sample taken. 
Genetic aberrations in patient samples. 
Empty cells, not determined; 1, present; 0, absent; D, at diagnosis; R, at relapse. 
Year Y2H method Possible baits Response Cellular compartment * Screen compatibility #. 
Overview of different Y2H systems and their specificities. 
Cellular compartment where the interaction occurs. 
Indicates whether a given Y2H system has been used for cDNA-library screening. 
Method Type Description. 
Overview of different validation methods. 
Conserved Age-Regulated MicroRNAs. 
27 C. elegans age-regulated miRNAs have conserved sequences in humans, and all of these are also conserved to some extent in Drosophila melanogaster . Detailed sequence relationships are described in [ 32 ]. ? indicates miRNAs for which deletion alleles are available; mutant strains carrying point mutations are also available for miRNAs let-7 and lin-4 [ 77 ]. Superscript numbers inform on the degree of miRNA sequence conservation. 5’: sequence homology mostly restricted to the 5’ end, 70: ?70% sequence identity over miRNA length. 
Adult Stage Expression Levels (A) Increase (B) Decrease. 
MicroRNAs that Dramatically Change in Expression Levels Early (i), Late (ii) or Over (iii) C. elegans Adult Life (95% Confidence Statistic). 
miRNAs with largest increases or decreases in each indicated stage of adult life are included in columns ( A ) and ( B ), respectively. miRNAs within a group are listed in numerical order. Bold miRNAs with homologous sequences among human miRNAs (see Table 1 and [ 32 ] for specific details on the sequence conservation). 
miRNA Log 2 (E2/EtOH) Comments Regarding the Possible Connection of the Identified miRNA Gene with Breast Cancer and/or Estrogenic Responses. Bone Fide Targets of miRNAs are Indicated. 
MCF-7 cells were grown in dextran-coated charcoal-stripped, phenol red free IMEM medium for 48 h prior to a 6 h treatment with ethanol (EtOH, vehicle control) or 10 nM E2. RNA was isolated using miRVana and sent to LC Sciences for miRNA microarray analysis. All miRNA gene changes included in this table are statistically significant as analyzed by LC Sciences. Negative values indicate decreased expression and positive values indicate increased expression with E2. NS = no significant change in miR gene expression with E2-treatment. 
miRNAs Targets Ref. . 
miRNAs Function in the p53 Pathway and their Target Genes. 
3 months 12 months  B cell MZ B cell MZ. 
Changes in B cell populations over time. 
Flow cytometry was carried out on splenocytes as described in Section 2 . Shown are the B cell (B220+ CD19+) and marginal zone (MZ) B cell (B220+CD1dhiCD24lo) numbers (×106 ± SEM) as calculated from % cells in the lymphoid gate and total splenic counts. At least 6 mice were included per group and Mann–Whitney U -test was used to establish p values. 
p  < 0.001 compared with same population at the earlier time point. 
p  < 0.0005 compared with same population at the earlier time point. 
Aged B6 hCR2hi. 
Comparison of aged B6 and young hCR2hi. 
Details listed in this table are based on C57Bl/6 mice greater than 12 months of age (aged B6) or hCR2hi mice (at least 3 months of age and not greater than 4 months of age) when compared directly to the humoral immune responses or B cell populations measured in young C57Bl/6 (3-month-old Wt mice). 
Isoform Homology to Akt1 Distribution. 
Mammalian Akt homologs. 
MAPK pathway  ERK1/2 p38 SAPK/JNK. 
Overview of the components of the ERK1/2, p38, and SAPK/JNK MAP kinase pathways. 
Text in italics indicates the factor is inhibited. 
Pathway Inhibitor Effect Reference. 
MAP kinase inhibitors and their effect in various models of tissue injury. 
Time Pathway Name Cluster Annotation z-Score     3 h 6 h. 
These gene sets are canonical representations of a biological process compiled by domain experts. PAGE gene set analysis was performed using the DIANE 6.0 software using the PAGE algorithm. The archive of gene sets used with this algorithm for this analysis is from the MSigDB. Significance of functions and pathways was calculated using the right-tailed Fisher's Exact Test. The p-value was calculated by comparing the number of user-specified genes of interest participating in a given function or pathway relative to the total number of occurrences of these genes in all functional/pathway annotations stored in the knowledge base. 
n.s.: not significant. 
Cytokines Transcription Factors Cell Surface Markers Kinases Translocated Genes Oncogenes Tumor Suppressors. 
A functional overview of the MSigDB gene sets categorized into a small number of selected gene families whose members a common feature such as homology or biochemical activity. They do not necessarily have common origins. Annotation of pathway genes significantly expressed in HBMEC only in response to T. b. rhodesiense inhibited for brucipain activity are shown in bold font. 
Gene Family [MSigDB] Symbol MsigDB Accession No. Gene Names GO Definitions z-Ratio      3 h 6 h. 
Raw microarray data were subjected to Z normalization and tested for significant changes. Genes were determined to be differentially expressed after calculating the Z ratio and fdr. 
n.s.: not significant. 
isozyme 1a ( n = 1), log? P = 3.31 1b ( n = 2), log? P = 3.72 1c ( n = 3), log? P = 4.11 2 , log? P = 3.56. 
isozyme 1a ( n = 1), log? P = 3.31 1b ( n = 2), log? P = 3.72 1c ( n = 3), log? P = 4.11 2 , log? P = 3.56. 
    relative distribution of GFP-PKC? compd kinetics of translocation of GFP-PKC?, plasma membrane plasma membrane nuclear membrane internal membranes. 
Intensities of localization are represented by the number of “+” marks. Results from three independent experiments are summarized. 
Main criteria Additional criteria. 
Diagnostic criteria for Neurofibromatosis type 2 (these include the NIH criteria with additional criteria). 
NF2 – Neurofibromatosis type 2; NIH – National Institutes of Health; VS – vestibular schwannomas. 
Characteristic Study   . 
Clinical characteristics of Neurofibromatosis type 2 patients in four studies. 
1In Mautner et al., the frequency of optic nerve sheath tumours is for all histological types (i.e., schwannomas and meningiomas). 
MLPA abnormality Number of occasions (mosaic). 
MLPA abnormalities in 62 unrelated families. 
MLPA- Multiplex Ligation-dependant Probe Amplification. 
Type of mutation Detection in 2nd generation (n = 108) Detection in sporadic non mosaic patients (% non mosaic) Mosaic mutations (% of mosaic) Total. 
Mutations identified in 529 families with Neurofibromatosis type 2 in the Manchester (UK) genetics laboratory. 
Number PRE testing Mosaic inferred PRE testing Transmission risk POST genetic negative testing in blood Mosaic inferred POST genetic negative testing in blood Transmission risk. 
Transmission risks to offspring for isolated cases of Neurofibromatosis type 2 before and after negative mutation testing. 
Results are based of outcomes of testing in first affected family members and on age at onset and laterality of presentation with vestibular schwannomas (VS). 
BVS – presentation with bilateral VS; UVS – initial presentation with unilateral VS. 
Disease Fusion protein Chromosomal abnormality References. 
Nucleotide changes Amino acid mutation Targeted region References. 
Percentage of activity remaining  Percentage of activity remaining Kinase Ku-0063794 (1 ?M) Ku-0063794 (10 ?M) Kinase Ku-0063794 (1 ?M) Ku-0063794 (10 ?M). 
Results are presented as percentage of kinase activity compared with control incubations, in which Ku-0063794 was omitted. Protein kinases were assayed as described in the Materials and methods section. The results are an average of a triplicate determination±S.D. Asterisks indicate inhibition of >2-fold. Abbreviations not defined in main text: BRSK, brain-specific kinase; BTK, Bruton's tyrosine kinase; CaMK1, calmodulin-dependent kinase; CaMKK, CaMK kinase; CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; CHK, checkpoint kinase; CK1, casein kinase 1; CSK, C-terminal Src kinase; DYRK, dual-specificity tyrosine-phosphorylated and regulated kinase; EF2K, elongation-factor-2 kinase; EPH, ephrin; FGF-R, fibroblast growth factor receptor; GSK3, glycogen synthase kinase 3; HIPK, homeodomain-interacting protein kinase; IGF1R, IGF1 receptor; IKK, inhibitory ?B kinase; IR, insulin receptor; IRR, insulin-related receptor; JNK, c-Jun N-terminal kinase; Lck, lymphocyte cell-specific protein tyrosine kinase; MAPKAP-K, MAPK-activated protein kinase; MARK, microtubule-affinity-regulating kinase; MELK, maternal embryonic leucine-zipper kinase; MKK1, MAPK kinase-1; MLCK, smooth muscle myosin light-chain kinase; MNK, MAPK-integrating protein kinase; MSK, mitogen- and stress-activated protein kinase; MST, mammalian homologue Ste20-like kinase; NEK, NIMA (never in mitosis in Aspergillus nidulans )-related kinase; PAK, p21-activated protein kinase; PHK, phosphorylase kinase; PIM, provirus integration site for Moloney murine leukaemia virus; PKA, cAMP-dependent protein kinase; PKD, protein kinase D; PLK, polo-like kinase; PRAK, p38-regulated activated kinase; PRK, protein kinase C-related kinase; ROCK, Rho-dependent protein kinase; SRPK, serine-arginine protein kinase; SYK, spleen tyrosine kinase; TBK1, TANK-binding kinase 1; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; YES1, Yamaguchi sarcoma viral oncogene homologue 1. n.d., not determined. 
Percentage of activity remaining Kinase Ku-0063794 (1 ?M) Ku-0063794 (10 ?M). 
Results are presented as percentage of lipid kinase activity compared with control incubations in which Ku-0063794 was omitted. Lipid kinases were assayed as described in the Materials and methods section, in the absence or presence of the indicated concentration of Ku-0063794. The results are an average of a triplicate determinations±S.D. 
Cancer Type IRS Expression Notes Ref(s). 
IRS expression in human cancer. 
Protumorigenic effects References. 
Mechanisms underlying PPAR- ? pro- and antitumorigenic effects. 
Site of Melanocytic Lesions Incidence of RTK Mutations/Amplification Incident of Genetic/Epigenetic Cell Cycle Alterations References. 
Incidence of Growth Factor Mutations in Different Melanoma Subtypes. 
Abbreviations: mut: point mutation; amp: genomic amplification; LOH: loss of heterozygosity (genomic deletion). 
Gene Function Fold-Change Comparison Group References. 
Genes Involved in Melanoma Progression Identified by Gene Expression Profiling. 
TISSUE/TUMOUR TYPE RASSF6 RASSF10. 
A summary of RASSF6 and RASSF10 promoter methylation in leukaemia and control samples. 
Radiation H2O2 Etoposide. 
miRNA microarrays were run using 1522 cells treated with either radiation, H2O2 or etoposide. miRNA species that were significantly changed (p<0.01) from control are shown in this table. Expression of 17 miRNA species was significantly altered by radiation. Of these, all were also altered by treatment with H2O2, etoposide, or both. The reported values were calculated as the log2(sample/control) for assessment of differential direction as well as magnitude with differentially expressed species with p<0.01 (n/s denotes miRNA species that were not significantly changed). 
Age of animal Equivalent human age Incidence of cataracts (%)   +/+ +/? ?/?. 
Note: Cataract development was determined by visual inspection every two weeks. Microscopic examination of the dissected lens showed cataract occurred as early as three months of age (see Figure 1B ). 
Study and Covariate Cortical Severe Cortical a   UA AFF. 
Values are given as mean (standard deviation [SD]) when appropriate. 
Severe cortical cataract represents a binary trait with a cutoff cortical score 25% for affected and with cortical scores<1% for unaffected in BDES, BMES, and UKTS. Severe cortical cataract is a subset of the cortical cataract phenotype. UA: unaffected; AFF: affected. 
Region RS# or Amino Acid Change Position a SNP Type Alleles Amino Acid Change. 
Positions are based on NCBI Build 36.3. 
SNP Position Context Alleles MA RA MAF Platform Selection Criterion. 
Positions are based on NCBI Build 36.3; alleles shown are on the coding strand (- strand); MA: minor alleles; RA: reference alleles that were used in genetic models for association tests; MAF: minor allele frequency in dbSNP database; cells with asterisks (*) represent simple average MAF estimated from the three samples, the BDES, BMES, and UKTS. 
Trait and SNP RA a Individual Study Analysis (?) b Meta-Analysis (Z-score) c   BDES UKTS BMES BMES Trend Family Set All. 
Cells with a dash indicate that the analysis was not performed. 
RA represents risk alleles (reference alleles). 
MS and NA represent monomorphic SNPs and SNPs that were not analyzed because of small variance under the dominant model, respectively. The Cochran-Armitage (additive) trend test (BMES Trend) was also used to conduct a case-control association test of individuals age-matched for severe or no cortical cataract in the BMES. Parentheses in each individual study for cortical cataract represent effect sizes (?). 
Parentheses in meta-analysis represent Z-scores. 
In the meta-analyses, these SNPs for severe cortical cataract show significant P values for heterogeneity tests of effect sizes (Q test P<0.05). 
Agent Class of inhibitor Target protein(s) Reference. 
RAS/RAF/MEK signal pathway inhibitors. 
Agent(s) Target protein Reference. 
Akt, receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) and Stat signal pathway inhibitors. 
Agent Target protein(s) Reference. 
Targeting anti-apoptotic proteins. 
Phase Number of patients Anatomic site Histology Treatment regimen Outcomes Comments. 
Trials of oral EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
Phase Number of patients Anatomic site Histology Treatment regimen Outcomes Comments. 
Trials of anti EGFR monoclonal antibodies. 
mOS: median overall survival; mPFS: median progression free survival; PR: partial response; SD: stable disease; GEJ: gastroesophageal junction; TTF: time to failure; TTP: time to progression; CPT 11: irinotecan; EGF: epidermal growth factor; TGF-alpha: transforming growth factor-alpha. 
Agent Sponsor Class FDA-approval Clinical trial phase for SCCHN. 
EGFR-targeted therapies in clinical development for SCCHN. 
Tumor molecular marker Study/ reference Tumor type(s) N tumors assessed N tumors with molecular marker Assay method Positive scoring definition(s) Associated with EGFR tumor levels. 
Candidate predictive markers for SCCHN response to EGFR-targeted therapies. 
Squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN), oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC), esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH), quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR), centromere 7 (Cen7), Genetic Alterations in Cancer (GAC) database, and the Catalogue of Somatic Mutations in Cancer (COSMIC) database. 
Agent Sponsor Target(s) SFKs targeted (IC50) Target site Irreversible Solid cancers in phase II or III clinical study? FDA approval (Date) SCCHN clinical trial phase. 
Src-targeting agents in clinical development. 
?ClinicalTrials.gov solid tumors. 
Molecular representation of Polyphenols found in the honey. 
Compound Cell line tested Observation/result Reference no. 
Summary of in vitro studies of honey polyphenols. 
  n (%). 
PI3K–AKT activating mutations and their coexistence in 97 endometrial cancers. 
PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3?-kinase. 
Wild-type, no mutations in PTEN , PIK3CA , K-Ras and AKT1. 
Amino Acid Position  ?4 ?3 ?2 ?1 0 1 2 3 4. 
replaces all divided/0 values. 
Amino Acid Position  ?5 ?4 ?3 ?2 ?1 0 1 2 3 4 5. 
replaces all divided/0 values. 
Amino Acid Position  ?4 ?3 ?2 ?1 0 1 2 3 4. 
replaces all divided/0 values. 
EE2 Conc, ng/L a. 
Chemical analysis of water exposures. 
a, Detection limit for the ELISA in 50 ng/L. 
b, SE, Standard error. 
c, Concentration of EE2 in tank at the end of 24 h and before exposure solutions were replaced. 
d, TEG, triethylene glycol; EE2, 17?-ethinylestradiol; ZM, ZM 189,154. 
e, BDL, below detection limit. 
UPREGULATED GO ID GO Biological Process Fisher p Value # of Genes Selected # of Genes on Array. 
GO biological processes that are regulated by 5 ng/L EE2. 
GENE FWD PRIMER (5' – 3') REV PRIMER (5' – 3'). 
Real time PCR primers. 
Ligands (alternative names) Produced mainly by Binding receptors Tissue expression of receptors. 
Human interleukin-17 and interleukin-17 receptor family. 
CNS, central nervous system; IL, interleukin; SEF, similar expression to fibroblast growth factors. 
In vitro In vivo. 
Effect of interleukin-17 in arthritis. 
CIA, collagen-induced arthritis; DC, dendritic cell; G-CSF, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; IL, interleukin; IL-1Ra, interleukin-1 receptor antagonist; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; NO, nitric oxide; OPG, osteoprotegerin; PGE2, prostaglandin E2; PIA, proteoglycan-induced arthritis; RANKL, receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappa-B ligand; SCW, streptococcal cell wall-induced; TNF-?, tumour necrosis factor-alpha. 
Cks1 Binding Domain Mutations Suppression by CKS1 overexpression Suppression by flo8. 
Genetic comparison of temperature sensitive alleles containing mutations in the Cks1 binding domain. 
HIS3 -marked plasmids (pRS413) containing temperature sensitive cdc28 alleles were introduced into a CDC28 shuffle strain. Transformants were subjected to 5-FOA treatment to evict the wild type copy of CDC28 and assayed for growth at 25°C and 35°C. If growth of a given allele was significantly improved by deletion of FLO8 or by overexpression of CKS1 , then suppression is indicated by "+". A sign of "-" indicates no change. 
Blood/bone marrow WT ARKO Statistics. 
Blood and bone marrow analysis. 
All mice for blood and bone marrow analysis range from 8 to 12 wks old. Blood parameters from blood samples obtained from heart punctures were measured using an Abbot CELL-DYN 4000 system. 100-count leukocyte differentials were examined on blood smears from 18–24 mice in each genotype. Bone marrow analysis was based on 1,000-count manual leukocyte differentials performed on bone marrow–nucleated cells recovered from femurs of age-matched mice from each genotype. Mean values ± SD obtained from the indicated number of mice ( n ) are given. WBC, white blood cell count; RBC, red blood cell count; MCV, mean cell volume; MCH, mean corpuscular hemoglobin; MCHC, mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration. 
Injury Agent Time N Mean LDH Release SEM. 
Summary of injury conditions. 
2 µM Antimycin A produced a time dependent increase in the LDH release, inducing injury which ranged from 22% to 61%. Using media without dextrose, the LDH release in cells subjected to chamber hypoxia was 21% at 24 hr and 50% at 48hr. 4 mM 2-Deoxy-D-Glucose produced a 19% LDH release at 48 hr. N# = # of experiments = # of mice. 
Controls n = 1636 Cases n = 583. 
Characteristics of the subjects and the PTPN11 rs2301756 polymorphism. 
GA(-) and GA(+) indicate without atrophy and with atrophy, respectively. 
Genotype, allele n H. pylori + H. pylori + (%) ORa 95% CI P value. 
Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of PTPN11 rs2301756 polymorphism for H. pylori seropositivity. 
aOR for each genotype was calculated by age and sex adjusted logistic regression model, and a crude OR was calculated for each allele. 
Genotype H. pylori seronegative H. pylori seropositive  GA (-) GA (+) GA (++) GA (-) GA (+) GA (++). 
PTPN11 rs2301756 genotype distribution according to H. pylori seropositivity and the grade of gastric atrophy. 
GA(-), GA(+) and GA(++) indicate no atrophy, mild atrophy and severe atrophy, respectively. 
(a)         . 
Genotype frequencies for PTPN11 rs2301756 polymorphism, odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of gastric atrophy in the H. pylori seropositive subjects (a) and H.pylori infected subjects (b). 
aOR for each genotype was calculated by age and sex adjusted logistic regression model, and a crude OR was calculated for each allele. 
b P values less than 0.05 are shown in Italics . 
Genotype HP infected without atrophy n = 442 Gastric cancer n = 583 OR 95% CI P value. 
Genotype frequencies for PTPN11 rs2301756 polymorphism, age-sex adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of gastric cancer relative to H. pylori infected subjects without gastric atrophy (HP-infected without atrophy). 
aOR for each genotype was calculated by age and sex adjusted logistic regression model, and a crude OR was calculated for each allele. 
Profile1 or Signature * Profile2 * MeSH term for profile1/signature MeSH term for profile2 Level of matched disease in MeSH tree # Enrichment score (correlation coefficient). 
Results from both the enrichment score and correlation coefficient method are included in this table. Numbers within parenthesis are correlation coefficients. 
The “names” of profiles or signatures refer to GEO datasets from which profiles or signatures are derived. 
The level number refers to the level that the two connected disease/drug entities are co-located. Level 0 indicates the two diseases are in different disease areas according to MeSH. 
Drug Disease Enrichment score (correlation coefficient). 
Results from both the enrichment score and correlation coefficient method are included in this table. Numbers within parenthesis are correlation coefficients. 
Drug Predicted Target(s) Predicted targeting pathways. 
The last column is the list of pathways that the target of the known drug participates. Thus, the hypothesis is that the shown drug may act either through the predicted target or at least through the shown pathway. 
Abbreviation Meaning Synonyms. 
Description of common abbreviations used in apoptosis and signal transduction. 
BH, Bcl-2 (B-cell lymphoma-2) homology. 
Organ Macroscopic Finding Frequency (%) *   Male (n?=?15) Female (n?=?21). 
Frequency defined as the number of animals with the lesion divided by the number of animals with the tissue examined macroscopically, multiplied by 100. 
Organ Macroscopic Finding Frequency (%) *   Male (n?=?15) Female (n?=?21). 
Frequency defined as the number of animals with the lesion divided by the number of animals with the tissue examined histopathologically, multiplied by 100. Abnormal non-neoplastic changes were not detected in thyroid, parathyroid, thymus, stomach, jejunum, ileum, cecum, colon and pituitary. 
Organ Macroscopic Finding Frequency (%) *   Male (n?=?15) Female (n?=?21). 
Frequency defined as the number of animals with the lesion divided by the number of animals with the tissue examined histopathologically, multiplied by 100. Abnormal non-neoplastic changes were not detected in thyroid, parathyroid, thymus, stomach, jejunum, ileum, cecum, colon and pituitary. 
Organ Lesion Frequency (%) * Organ Lesion Frequency (%) *   Male Female   Male Female. 
Frequency defined as the number of animals with the lesion divided by the number of animals with the tissue examined histopathologically, multiplied by 100. Data derived from 15 males and 21 females except where noted. No neoplastic changes were detected in gallbladder, parathyroid, thymus, ileum, cecum, colon, pancreas, brain, eye, urinary bladder, testis, epididymis, prostate, seminal vesicle, oviduct, vagina, and mammary gland. 
Refseq Name Method HCT116 DLD1 RKO SW480 % Frequency . 
When “methylation positive” was detected in any single cell line, it was considered as methylation (M) in cell lines. 
No CpG islands in GPR116 and SLC39A4 were found within 1 kb upstream of the TSS. 
C10orf119, SECTM1 and NTRK2 were only methylated in one cell line. 
M, methylated; U, unmethylated. n/d, not determined. 
% Frequency  Fisher's exact Genes Method PT PN NN a p value b p value. 
PN, corresponding normal colon mucosa from CRC patients; PT, CRC tissues; NN, colon normal epithelium from non-cancer patients. 
P value was calculated from the Fisher's exact test. 
PT vs. PN. 
PT vs. NN. 
P<0.05 was considered significant. 
Determination of genes harboring cancer-specific methylation was based on p<0.05 in PT vs. NN. 
n/a , not assessed. 
TaqMeth V      Optimal    Gene PT PN NN a P b P AUROC c P Cut-off % Specificity % Sensitivity d P. 
TaqMeth V is expressed as mean±SD, and TaqMeth V is described in Materials and Methods . 
P value was derived from Wilcoxon matched-pairs signed-ranks test. 
PT vs. PN. 
P<0.01 was considered significant. 
P value was derived from the Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney test. 
PT vs. NN. 
AUROC is expressed as mean±SD, and optimal cut-off values were calculated from ROC analysis. 
P value in ROC analysis (PT vs. NN). 
P value in Fisher's exact test (PT vs. NN). 
Sensitivity, positive methylation/total tumor cases (PT); Specificity, negative methylation/total normal cases (NN). 
% Methylation in PN was based on cut-offs from PT vs. NN. 
Methylation level below the cut-offs was considered as unmethylated and over the cut-offs were as methylated. 
PN, corresponding normal colon mucosa from CRC patients; PT, CRC tissues; NN, colon normal epithelium from non-cancer patients. 
SFRP1 B4GALT1 OSMR SFRP1+OSMR d Clinical features M (+) % P value M (+) % P value M (+) % P value M (+) % P value. 
Methylation positivity and negativity based on methylation level at cut-off values; 0 for SFRP1, 0 for B4GALT1 and 8.53 for OSMR. M(+), Methylation positive. 
Patients with endoscopically normal colon (diverticulosis, diarrhea, polyps or bloody stool). 
Patients with colorectal cancer. 
Patients with adenoma. 
Sum of methylation from SFRP1 and OSMR. Sum of methylation positivity was calculated by counting cases determined to be methylation-positive for at least one gene. 
Sum of methylation negativity was calculated by counting cases determined to be methylation-negative for each gene. 
Fisher's exact test was performed in enormal vs. CRC, and fCRC vs. AD; * P<0.05 was considered significant. n/a, not assesed. 
Clinical features M (+) % e P value f P value. 
Methylation positivity and negativity based on methylation level of OSMR at a cut-off value 4. 
M (+), Methylation positive. 
Healthy control subjects with no visual abnormalities in colonoscopy. 
Patients with colorectal cancer. 
I-IV, UICC stages. 
Patients without CRC (polyps, diverticulosis, and hemorrhoid). 
P values from Fisher's exact test performed in Controls vs. CRC. * P<0.05 , significant. 
P value from Fisher's exact test between total CRC vs. Confounding controls. 
Tissues Expression Tumor Grade. 
Note, expression level is indicated as -, no or very faint expression. 
+ mild expression. 
++ moderate expression. 
+++ strong expression. 
++++ very strong expression. 
Tumour type Sample size Methylation Markers Tumour sample positive Serum or Plasma positive No (%) Method Reference. 
Methylation Markers in Circulating DNA from Cancer Patients. 
Abbreviations: CRC, colorectal cancer; NSCLC, non small cell lung cancer; HCC, hepatocellular cancer; RASSF1A, Ras-association domain family 1A; GSTP1, glutathione S-transferase P1; RAR?2, retinoic acid receptor ?2; DAKP, death associated protein kinase; MGMT, 0–6 methylguanine DNA methyltransferase; ER, oestrogen receptor; APC, adenomatous polyposis coli; MSP, methylation specific PCR; ND, not done; HRPCa, hormone refractory prostate cancer. 
Tumour Type Marker Significance Reference. 
DNA methylation as a Prognostic and Predictive Biomarker. 
Attenuator Type of attenuator Inhibitory target Mechanism of action References. 
Classification of RTK signaling inhibitors according to their mechanisms of action. 
Primary antibodies and probes. 
Antibodies and probes used for fluorescent localization. 
Treatment. 
Summary of gene expression changes determined by MT-PCR. 
"+" or "-" denotes whether genes were predominantly induced or repressed over 72 h treatment. "NC" – no change. 
Pathway/Function/Disease Gene Symbols. 
Enriched pathways, functions and diseases. 
Selected cellular pathways, biological functions and diseases in which our predicted NF-?B targets were over-represented are shown. The associated predicted NF-?B targets are represented by official human gene symbols. Genes containing ?B sites with predicted occupancy probability greater than 0.5 were used in this analysis. Please see Additional file 5 for the complete list. Genes known in the literature to be regulated by NF-?B (although not necessarily directly) [ 38 ] are denoted with *. 
Model name No. of parameters No. of variables Description. 
Summary of the models generated in this study. 
Reaction name Formula Rate law. 
Reactions of PKA Model A. 
Parameter Value. 
Parameters of Simplified cAMP Model A. 
Parameter name Value Units Source. 
Parameters of the complete cAMP pathway Model. 
Reaction name Substrates Products Rate law. 
Reactions of the Complete cAMP pathway Model. 
C n?=?15 D n?=?5 R n?=?15 p-value C vs. D p-value C vs. R  Mean SD Mean SD Mean SD  . 
Average clinical data for all subjects in the three different experimental groups: healthy controls (C), people with type 2 diabetes (D), and first degree relatives (R). The control and relative groups consisted of 15 individuals each, whereas the type 2 diabetes group consisted of 5 individuals. All subjects were Caucasian males. Glucose and lipid oxidation was calculated using the equations suggested by Frayn [36] NOGM was calculated as the M-value – glucose oxidation rate. P-values are listed when significant. SD: standard deviation, W/H: waist/hip, FFM: fat-free mass, BP: blood pressure, FFA: free fatty acids, HDL: high density lipoprotein, LDL: low density lipoprotein, VLDL: very low density lipoprotein, GOX: glucose oxidation, FOX: fat oxidation, NOGM: non-oxidative glucose metabolism, F-p: fasting plasma. 
Gene symbol Gene name FC microarray qRT-PCR DChip criteria. 
Table listing differentially expressed genes in people with type 2 diabetes mentioned in the results and discussion section grouped according to function/pathway classification. The fold changes (FC) are listed for each gene. It is also indicated whether or not the microarray result has been confirmed with qRT-PCR and whether or not the result applies to all dChip criteria used. The asterisk (*) indicate that PGC1? was found to be slightly down-regulated in the qRT-PCR experiment, which was not the case in the microarray experiment. 
Gene symbol Gene name FC microarray qRT-PCR DChip criteria. 
Table listing differentially expressed genes in first degree relatives mentioned in the results and discussion section grouped according to function/pathway classification. The fold changes (FC) are listed for each gene. It is also indicated whether or not the microarray result has been confirmed with qRT-PCR and whether or not the result applies to all dChip criteria used. 
Pathway/function Z-score Permuted p-value Adjusted p-value . 
The three most significantly upregulated and the three most significantly downregulated pathways/functions in skeletal muscle from people with type 2 diabetes and first degree relatives. Results were obtained employing the program GenMAPP/MAPPFinder. Criteria were set as described in the Methods section. Pathways found to be significantly altered after correction for multiple testing (adjusted p-value) are depicted in bold writing. Interestingly, the insulin signaling pathway was the highest ranked upregulated pathway in the first degree relative group, whereas it was found to be the top ranked downregulated pathway in people with type 2 diabetes. 
Total Cells Counted # Actin Polymerized % Actin Polymerized. 
Total Cells Counted # MTOC Polarized % MTOC Polarized. 
Substrate UniProt ID Position Log fold change Adj. P -value Kinase. 
Tyrosine kinase substrates on the kinase array that were differentially phosphorylated between primary UM cell lines and metastatic cell lines. 
Tyrosine kinase substrate specificities are included. 
Reference Study Dose Diagnosis Patients a age Response Survival b (median). 
Studies of phase I and II with tipifarnib as a single agent in acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome. 
Evaluable patients. 
Survival in responders. 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; ALL, acute lymphoblastic leukemia; CML-CB, chronic myeloid leukemia in blast crisis; RA, refractory anemia; RAEB, refractory anemia with excess blasts; RAEB-t, refractory anemia with excess blasts in transformation; CMML, chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; CR, complete remission; Crp, complete remission with incomplete platelet recovery; PR, partial remission; Imp, hematologic improvement. 
Molecule Developer Study phase References. 
Current table of RAF kinase inhibitors. 
Adapted from Schreck and Rapp (2006) and Gray-Schopfer, Wellbrock et al (2007) . 
Gene (chromosomal location) Alteration Clinical association (References). 
Principal genes altered in urothelial bladder carcinoma. 
Target Agent Mechanism of action. 
Innovative targeted agents for metastatic bladder cancer treatment. 
Observations Specific hypothesis/ molecular basis. 
Resistance of CML stem cells against imatinib: Proposed hypotheses *. 
Notes:. 
Relate all to differences between CML stem cells and more mature CML cells. The following articles refer to these concepts: Copland et al 2005 , 2006 ; Barnes and Melo 2006 ; Brendel et al 2007 ; Jiang et al 2007b );. 
The biology of normal stem cells and CML stem cells may be quite similar;. 
CML stem cells may even survive after complete deactivation of BCR/ABL;. 
Normal and neoplastic stem cells may defend their long-term existence against external ‘enemies’ (toxins, drugs) by high toxin/drug efflux. 
Abbreviations: OCT-1, organic cation transporter; MDR-1, multidrug resistance gene-1. 
Mutant IC50 * imatinib may benefit from IM-dose-escalation ** IC50 * dasatinib IC50 * nilotinib. 
BCR/ABL mutations detectable in CML patients treated with imatinib. 
Notes:. 
IC50 values are given in nM and refer to published data obtained with Ba/F3 cells exhibiting wild type BCR/ABL or various BCR/ABL mutants using cell – proliferation assays ( O’Hare et al 2005 ; Martinelli et al 2005 );. 
recommendations are derived from Martinelli and colleagues (2005 ). 
Abbreviations: IM, imatinib; wt, wild type; nk, not known. 
Drug name Drug type class Known target(s) active in cells bearing BCR/ABL T315I. 
Novel pharmacologic inhibitors proposed for imatinib-resistant CML. 
Notes:. 
relatively high drug concentrations needed to block growth of cells. 
Abbreviations: TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; PDGFR, platelet derived growth factor receptor; Hsp, heat shock proteins; FTI, farnesyl transferase inhibitor; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin. 
Study Therapy Pts (N) Tumor refractory to PR (%) SD (%) MDR (mo) Median TTP (mo) MS (mo). 
Phase II studies of cetuximab in EGFR-Expressing refractory mCRC ( Saltz et al 2001 ; Saltz et al 2004 ; Cunningham et al 2004 ; Lenz et al 2006b ; Souglakos et al 2007 ). 
Median progression-free survival. 
Subgroup analysis. 
Includes 1 patient with complete response (2.5%). 
Abbreviations: PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; MDR, median duration of response; TTP, time to progression; MS, median survival. 
Study Treatment Patients OR (%) SD (%) PFS (mo) OS (mo). 
Clinical studies of cetuximab in first-line treatment of EGFR-expressing mCRC ( Folprecht et al 2006 ; Venook et al 2006b ; Van Cutsem 2007 ; Andre et al 2007 ). 
FOLFIRI consisted of irinotecan 180 mg/m2, folinic acid 400 mg/m2, and 5-FU in a 400 mg/m2 bolus followed by a continuous infusion of 2400 mg/m2 for 46 hours every 2 weeks ( Lang et al 2006 ; Venook et al 2006b ). 
FOLFOX-4 consisted of oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2 on day 1, plus folinic acid 200 mg/m2, and 5-FU in a 400 mg/m2 bolus followed by a continuous infusion of 600 mg/m2 for 22 hours on days 1 and 2 every 2 weeks ( Andre et al 2007 ). 
Preliminary results. 
FOLFOX consisted of oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2, folinic acid 400 mg/m2, and 5-FU in a 400 mg/m2 bolus followed by a continuous infusion of 2400 mg/m2 for 46 hours every 2 weeks ( Venook et al 2006b ). 
Irinotecan 80 mg/m2, folinic acid 500 mg/m2, and 5-FU as a 1500 mg/m2 (n = 6) or 2000 mg/m2 (n = 15) continuous infusion for 24 hours weekly for 6 weeks every 50 days (Folprecht et al 2007). 
Abbreviations: OR, overall response; SD, stable disease; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival. 
Response rate  Time to progression    % p-value Months p-value. 
Effect of adding bevacizumab to cetuximab/irinotecan and cetuximab in irinotecan-Refractory mCRC patients: comparison of BOND-2 results with historical controls ( Saltz et al 2005 ). 
Treatment Phase Patient number Combination Tumor type Dose Complete response Partial response Stable disease Time to progression Median survival Ref. 
Clinical trials for trastuzumab and lapatinib. 
Four advanced stage patients that had progressed on either trastuzumab and taxane treatment or trastuzumab and anthracycline regimes achieved a partial response with lapatinib. 
Patients progressed on treatment that included an anthracycline, a taxane and trastuzumab. 
Patients received either four cycles of paclitaxel followed by four cycles of FEC (concurrent 5-fluorouracil, epirubicin, and cyclophosphamide) or trastuzumab plus four cycles of paclitaxel followed by four cycles of FEC (P+FEC or P+FEC+H). 
Gene Location Protein Function. 
Oncogenes. 
Gene Location Protein Function. 
Tumor suppressor genes. 
Molecular target of ASO-based therapy Gene name [chromosomal location] ASO route of administration in the experimental model (reference). 
ASO targeting cell surface receptors, membrane proteins, ion channels, cytokines and related factors in allergic asthma. 
Abbreviations: ASO, antisense oligonucleotide; OVA, ovalbumin; VLA-4, very late antigen-4; OVA, ovalbumin. 
Molecular target of ASO-based therapy Gene name [chromosomal location] ASO route of administration in the experimental model (reference). 
ASO targeting non-receptor protein kinases and transcription factors in allergy. 
Abbreviations: ASO, antisense oligonucleotide; OVA, ovalbumin; MAP kinase, mitogen-activated protein kinase. 
Molecular mechanism Evidence. 
Mechanism of action, trastuzumab. 
Proposed mechanism. 
Mechanism of resistance, trastuzumab. 
BCIRG 006. 
Results BCIRG 006. 
Abbrevations: A, doxorubicin; C, cyclophosphamide; T, docetaxel; H, trastuzumab; TCH, docetaxel, carboplatin, trastuzumab. 
Phase Patient population Tipifarnib a dose-schedule Response rate Author. 
Trials of single agent tipifarnib in acute myelogenous leukemia. 
amg bid. 
bno significant difference between tipifarnib and BSC arms with regard to OS. 
Abbreviations: Rel/Ref, relapsed/refractory; CR, complete remission; sCR, sustained complete remission; OR, overall response; MTD, maximal tolerated dose; DFS, disease-free survival; OS, overall survival; BSC, best supportive care; HU, hydroxyurea; mo, months. 
Phase Patient population Dose-schedules Response rate  (Author) Tipifarnib a Chemotherapy . 
Trials of tipifarnib in combination with chemotherapeutic agents. 
amg bid. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete remission; CRp, complete remission with incomplete platelet recovery; DFS, disease-free survival; OR, overall response; OS, overall survival; mo, months. 
Major hepatocellular carcinoma etiologies. 
Name Target Current status. 
Selection of agents for targeted therapy in hepatocellular carcinoma. 
Gene Ontology Experiment  zLog 2 (ChIP 8WG16/TR) zLog 2 (ChIP Ser5P/TR) ChIP RNApolII/TR(14.5hYPGal/YPD) ChIP RNApolII/TR (2h YPGal/YPD) ChIP RNApolII/TR (2h YPGal/14.5h YPGal) ChIP RNApolII/TR (?tpk1/wt) ChIP RNApolII/TR (?tpk2/wt) ChIP RNApolII/TR(rap1?sil/RAP1) Log 2 (TR5h/TRC) Log 2 (TR7h/TRC). 
The data represent the ?log10 (adjusted p-value). The positive values represent categories with ratios higher than average, while the negative ones represent those with lower than average ratios. In many cases, blanks represent categories (e.g. ribosome-related) that, although statistically significant when performing a supervised analysis, do not pass the filter of adjusted p-value at 0.05 (FDR test). 
Gene Alternative names Chromosomal location Reported mRNA targets reference mechanism. 
Human TIS11 family members and reported mRNA targets of the TIS11 family. 
*Targets in bold confirmed in cells derived from knockout animals are so-called “physiological” targets. 
Gene Transcript Base pairs Sense Primer (5'-3') Antisense Primer (5'-3'). 
Primers used for quantitative PCR. 
Table of primers used for QPCR analysis. Genbank accession number and PCR product length given in parentheses after each transcript name. 
Sub Sex Age Muscle SL (?m) House Sev Ash Zan PEFF (°) PESF (°) AEFF (°) MyHC gel. 
Subject information and clinical evaluations. 
Table of the eight subjects used in this study with 2 muscles (FCU and ECRB) per patient with sex and age recorded. Measures of severity were taken to include: intraoperative measurement of sarcomere length (SL) on the FCU, House clinical assessment of activity, Severity (Sev) grouped by House (Severe Severe (SS), Severe Moderate (SM), Mild (M), and Control (C)), Ashworth (Ash) clinical assessment, Zancolli (Zan) classification based on finger extension, passive extension with flexed fingers (PEFF) passive extension with straight fingers (PESF) and active extension with flexed fingers (AEFF). Samples that were available for MyHC SDS-PAGE gels are noted in the final column. 
P-Values   P-Values GENE Ratio MAS5 RMA GCRMA GENE Ratio MAS5 RMA GCRMA. 
Significantly altered genes in functional categories. 
Table of genes within function groups related to skeletal muscle. Groups defined by ratio is the expression ratio of CP:CTRL. P-values are listed for the three separate preprocessing algorithms used (MAS5, RMA, GCRMA). 
CP DMD IMB HSP  MEAN MEAN CORR MEAN CORR MEAN CORR. 
Changes in pathways correlated with other muscle disease states. 
Quantification of gene pathways in various disease states (CP, DMD, IMB, HSP). Quantification represents MEAN (geometric mean of expression ratios in specific muscle pathways defined in Figure 5 using inverse values for pathway inhibitors) and CORR (correlation of CP with the other disease states, reported with an R value). Satellite cells markers are separated into genes expressed in the quiescent (SCQ) and activated states (SCA). 
s-MKRN1-Abs        Positive Negative    (18 patients) (55 patients)  Characteristics  n (%) n (%) P value. 
Relationship between s-MKRN1-Abs and the clinicopathological variables in 73 patients with esophageal SCC. 
Enriched GO terms among induced MYC signature genes P-value (Bonferroni-corrected). 
Enriched GO terms among repressed MYC signature genes P-value (Bonferroni-corrected). 
The regulated genes in this table include MYC Signature genes that are regulated in the indicated fashion by either MYCN-ER or by MYCN. The genes that are indicated as having direct MYC binding sites are those identified in the Kim et al.(2008) or Kidder et al. study. 
Left Right Total. 
Degrees of freedom: 3. 
Chi Square?=?117. 
p-value<0.001. 
The distribution of breast sample subtypes in the clusters presented in the hierarchical clustering in Figure 5 . Colored dendrogram branches from Figure 5 correspond to the colors used in this figure. LumA, Luminal type A. LumB, Luminal type B. NB, normal breast. 
Left Right Total. 
Degrees of freedom: 4. 
Chi Square?=?13.8. 
p-value<0.01. 
The distribution of Hu et al. breast sample subtypes in the low and high Core MYC signature grouping. LumA, Luminal type A. LumB, Luminal type B. NB, normal breast. 
Left Right Total. 
Degrees of freedom: 4. 
Chi Square?=?38.3. 
p-value<0.001. 
The distribution of NKI295 breast sample subtypes in the low and high Core MYC signature grouping. LumA, Luminal type A. LumB, Luminal type B. NB, normal breast. 
Antibody (Subcellular Localization) $Positive cases (%) Clone Company Source Dilution Overnight in incubation Retrieval Detection System. 
Antibodies used for tissue microarray Immunohistochemical analysis. 
@Normal expression of PTEN was seen in 77.1% cases and PTEN inactivation (loss/reduced expression) was seen in 33/144(22.9%) of EOC cases. 
$ Non representative spots for the various antibodies ranged from18 cases for p53 to 12 spots for PTEN IHC. 
High p110 ? expression Low p110 ? expression P value       N % N % N % . 
Correlation between PIK3CA-110-Alpha status and clinicopathological features in Epithelial Ovarian Carcinoma. 
Summary of individual cases of EOC with genetic alterations in PIK3CA, BRAF and KRAS genes. 
Biomarker Therapy Disease References. 
Emerging biomarkers potentially useful for the immunotherapy of cancer. 
  SBML BioPAX. 
Comparison between SBML and BioPAX. 
Pathway/PPI database Web link Standard exchange formats for download Web service API. 
Online pathway and protein–protein interaction (PPI) databases. 
Extension to Reactome pathways downloaded Reactome identifier. 
Pathways downloaded for extending the EGFR map. 
Control NUP98-HOXA9 NUP98-HOXA9/N51S HOXA9 HOXA9?N. 
P <0.05. 
P <0.01. 
Averages from 3–4 independent experiments are shown; cells from 2 CFC plates for each experimental condition were harvested. The bottom line shows the average total cell numbers in the two plates±standard deviations. Cytospins smears were prepared and stained with Giemsa; a 500 cell differential count was performed. Cells with blast and promyelocyte morphology were counted as primitive; those with myelocyte/metamyelocyte morphology as intermediate myeloid; those with band, segmented neutrophil, monocyte, and macrophage morphology as mature myeloid; those with intermediate hemoglobinization as intermediate erythroid; and those with full hemoglobinization as mature erythroid. The first 5 rows show average percentages±standard deviations. The P value was obtained by comparing to control using a paired two-tailed distribution t-test. 
NUP98-HOXA9 NUP98-HOXA9/N51S HOXA9 HOXA9?N. 
NC indicates no change. 
Name/ID Population Phase Interventions. 
Current or planned trials of cetuximab in non-small cell lung cancer. 
-2 -7 H18 0.9 salt 0.2 salt. 
Up-regulated genes under the different treatments, detailing the percentage with putative function assigned on the basis of BLAST sequence similarity searching. 
-2 -7 0.9 salt 0.2 salt 18 hr. 
Q-PCR results showing expression changes in 21 genes under cold and salt dehydration conditions plus 18 hours recovery compared to a control sequence. 
The actual change in gene expression is given as calculated via REST [ 106 ]. 
Gene Name Clone ID Primer Sequence RSq % Efficiency. 
Q-PCR primers with RSq and efficiency values. 
Annotation Gene Protein family/domain Small RNA processes [ref] ? H3K9me2 Ego. 
All genes were tested using a deletion mutant (see Materials and Methods ) except for the following, for which we knocked down the protein using RNAi: C08B11.2/ hda-2 , C10E2.8/ hda-4 , C35A5.9, K04G7.3/ ogt-1 , T22B7.1/ egl-13/cog-2 , and ZK1127.7/ cin-4 . Ego phenotype means all germ cells prematurely exited mitosis, entered meiosis, and underwent gametogenesis. ? H3K9me2 means a change in the distribution and/or level of H3K9me2 in the meiotic germ line. We previously reported that mutations in the Argonaute genes rde-1 and alg-1 did not visibly alter the pattern of H3K9me2 accumulation during meiosis [9] . Additional putative Piwi/Argonaute genes, previously reported in the literature and now thought to be pseudogenes, are not listed here ( http://www.wormbase.org ). Gln, germ line; Co-sup, co-suppression; T silence, transposon silencing; Tc3 silence, Tc3 silencing; 21U-RNA, 21U-RNA regulation; HDAC, histone deacetylase; NAP, nucleosome assembly protein. NR, none reported. 
Contains leucine zipper, Zinc finger, and PHD/LAP domains; homologous to human AF10. 
O-linked N-acetylglucosamine transferase. 
Homology to human glioma-amplified sequence 41, yeast transcription factor AF-9, and human transcription factor ENL. 
Related to transcription factor SOX5. 
DNA topoisomerase, type IIA. 
Loss of gene function causes sterility. 
Genotype Nuclear morphology H3K9me2 label: Elevated Dispersed 1 focus N. 
See Results and Figures 2 and 3 for descriptions and representative images of the three H3K9me2 distribution patterns (elevated, dispersed, and single focus). “1 focus” indicates that a single strong focus of H3K9me2 labeling was observed. N, number of nuclei counted. 
These nuclei have recognizable pachytene morphology. 
These abnormal nuclei are large and have a diffuse chromosomal morphology not typical of meiosis. The percent of nuclei within the pachytene zone with this morphology was: 10% for csr-1 ; 6% for ekl-1;him-8 ; and 4% for drh-3;him-8 . 
Genotype % No oocytes (N) 1 % Irregular sperm (N) 2 % Univalents (N) 3 #Chromosomes 4. 
Alleles used were ego-1(om84) , ekl-1(om83) , drh-3(tm1276) , and csr-1(tm892) . Animals were grown at 20°C and characterized at 24 hr post-L4 stage. At a slightly later time point (66–72 hr post-L1 stage), most animals contain oocytes, hence the absence of oocytes indicates a delay in the sperm-to-oocyte switch. (N), number of germ lines counted. 
Percent of germ lines where oocytes were absent at the time of assay; note that wildtype germ lines all contain oocytes at this stage. 
Percent of germ lines where sperm nuclear morphology was highly irregular. 
Abnormal sperm morphology was less severe than for the other genotypes (see Results ). 
Percent of oogenic germ lines with univalents; typically, a subset of diakinesis nuclei contained univalents and a subset did not. 
Number of chromosomes at diakinesis in nuclei with at least one set of univalent chromosomes. Nuclei with 6 bivalents are not included in the calculation. Standard error of the mean (±#) is indicated. The range of observed values is indicated in brackets; e.g., among ego-1 nuclei with univalent chromosomes, a range of 7–9 chromosomes were observed. NA, not applicable. ND, univalents were observed, but not counted. 
Name ID RNG UNIGENE ID ACCESSION NUMBER DESCRIPTION Log2 Ratio Adj.P.Val      24 h 48 h 24 h 48 h. 
The list corresponds to the 15 down-regulated genes found after miR-155 overexpression at both 24 and 48 hours and predicted as miR-155 targets by 3 prediction tools (TargetScan, Pictar and MicroCible). RNG oligo IDs give access to transcripts and probes annotations through the microarray information system Mediante ( http://www.microarray.fr:8080/merge/index ), log2Ratio corresponds to the logarithm (base 2) of the ratio of miR-155/miR-Neg and Adj.P.Val is the false discovery rate p-values using the Benjamini-Hochberg correction. 
Reference Type of trial No. of patients Prior treatments Regimen Erlotinib dose/day Activity. 
Clinical trials of erlotinib in advanced pancreatic cancer. 
Except fluorouracil or gemcitabine as radiosensitizer. 
Phase I study ongoing. 
Gemcitabine doses 850 mg/m2 or 1000 mg/m2. 
Abbreviations: G, gemcitabine; E, erlotinib; PR, partial response; MR, minor response; SD, stable disease; P, placebo; CR, complete response; PFS, progression free survival; CAPE, capecitabine; MS, median survival; GBE, gemcitabine, bevacizumab, and erlotinib; GBC, gemcitabine, bevacizumab, and cetuximab; NR, not reported; CI, clinical improvement. 
SNP name Coordinate Location Function/ prediction Alleles (major/minor) Genotyped samples (controls/cases) MAF in controls MAF in cases OR a (95% CI) P. 
OR [per allele] obtained by comparing cases against controls and considering the minor allele as the risk allele. 
MAF, Minor Allele Frequency; OR, Odds Ratio; CI, Confidence Interval; TFBS, Transcription Factor Binding Site. 
Haplotype ID Haplotype frequencies a SNP ID (chromosomal coordinate) b Haplotype associated risks c  Controls Cases (classic PTC) rs894673 (99,652,091) rs3758249 (99,653,961) rs907577 (99,654,938) rs1867277 (99,655,735) rs3021526 (99,656,842) rs874004 (99,661,939) rs10119760 (99,664,423) OR P. 
Haplotype frequencies were estimated using the PHASE program with 10,000 permutations. 
The LD region studied spans from coordinates 99,648,503 to 99,668,059 on chromosome 9 for a total length of 19.5 kb. 
Haplotype risks were calculated using the Haplo.Stats package in R, considering the overrepresented haplotype in controls (haplotype #1) as the reference. 
Significant risk.conferring haplotype (haplotype #2) is highlighted in bold case. 
PTC, Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma; OR, Odds Ratio. 
Genotyped samples rs1867277 A frequency Unadjusted results Adjusted results g (n PTC/ n controls) PTC Controls OR het d (95% CI) OR hom e (95% CI) OR per allele (95% CI) P f OR per allele (95% CI) P f. 
rs1867277 genotypes inferred from adjacent tagSNP rs907577, after proving a total Linkage Disequilibrium between both variants (see body text). 
An additional 61 Spanish PTC genotyped for rs1867277 by means of KASPar technology. 
Validation series genotyped for rs1867277 by means of KASPar probes. 
OR heterozygous: GG vs . AG genotypes. 
OR homozygous: GG vs . AA genotypes. 
P values are derived from ORs [per allele]. 
Adjusted for age, gender, and origin. 
PTC, Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma; OR, Odds Ratio; CI, Confidence Interval. 
Kinase target IC50 value (nmol/L). 
In vitro inhibitory profile of sorafenib. Adapted by permission from Macmillan Publishers Ltd: Nat Rev Drug Discov , 5:835–44. © 2006. 
Study Phase II study ( Abou-Alfa et al 2006 ) Japanese Phase I study ( Furuse et al 2008 ). 
Phase II study of sorafenib in the US and Europe and phase I study in Japan. 
SHARP study ( Llovet et al 2008 ) Asia-Pacific study ( Cheng et al 2008 ) Sorafenib Placebo Sorafenib Placebo. 
Patient background in randomized controlled trials of sorafenib versus placebo in the SHARP trial and Asia-Pacific trial. 
Abbreviations: HCV, hepatitis C virus; HBV, hepatitis B virus; PS, performance status; BCLC stage, barcelona clinic liver cancer staging classification; ECOG PS, eastern cooperative oncology group performance status. 
SHARP study ( Llovet et al 2008 )  Asia-Pacific study ( Cheng et al 2008 ). 
Severe drug-related serious adverse events in the SHARP trial and Asia-Pacific trial. 
Drug Class Phase Concurrent therapy. 
Ongoing clinical trials evaluating tyrosine kinase inhibitors in pancreatic cancer. 
Superfamily Homomer Heteromer TOTAL. 
Breakdown of superfamily-superfamily interactions according to inter- and intra-interactions for homomers and heteromers. Intra-interactions are in the minority. 
Connectivity SCOP ID Superfamily. 
The 19 most interactive superfamilies. 
Species Superkingdoms Connectivity SCOP ID Superfamily. 
The 18 most highly diverse and hence oldest superfamilies. The species column indicates the number of species this superfamily occurs in, the superkingdom column indicates whether the superfamily occurs in eukaryota (E), archaea (A), bacteria (B), and viruses (V), connectivity refers to the number of interaction partners. 
DEGs 12th week 14th week 16th week 20th week. 
Number of differential expression genes (DEGs) of liver tissues from DEN-treated rats compared with control. 
NOTE: The words '12th week, 14th week, 16th week, 20th week' in the table indicate the cirrhosis tissue, dysplastic nodules, early cancerous nodules and cancerous nodules with metastasis, respectively. 
Functional Categories Number Of Annotated Genes    12th week 14th week 16th week 20th week 4 group. 
The deregulated DEGs sharing from cirrhosis to metastasis stage classified by the following screened GO. 
NOTE: The words '12th week, 14th week, 16th week, 20th week' in the table indicate the cirrhosis tissue, dysplastic nodules, early cancerous nodules and cancerous nodules with metastasis, respectively. The word '4 group' means the DEGs sharing for the above 4 stages of liver tissues. The numbers up and down the line indicate the number of up-regulated and down-regulated DEGs respectively. 
Gene Symbol Gene Title GO. 
The down-regulated DEGs sharing from cirrhosis to metastasis sorted out by the following GO function. 
NOTE: The numbers from 1–6 indicate GO terms: angiogenesis, apoptosis, cell adhesion, cell migration, cell proliferation and extracellular matrix, respectively. 
Gene symbol Gene name GO. 
The up-regulated DEGs sharing from cirrhosis to metastasis stage relating to the following GO process. 
NOTE: The numbers from 1–3 indicate immune response, inflammatory response and oxidative stress, respectively. 
Gene Symbol Gene Title GO. 
The down-regulated DEGs sharing from cirrhosis to metastasis stage relating to the following GO process. 
NOTE: The numbers from 1–3 indicate immune reponse, inflammatory response and oxidative stress, respectively. 
Primer name Sequence Product size (bp). 
Primer sequences. 
Selectivity of eltrombopag for TpoR-expressing cells. 
Abbreviations: EMSA, electrophoretic mobility shift assay; Epo, erythropoietin; IFN, interferon; IL-3, interleukin 3; rhTpo, recombinant human thrombopoietin; STAT, signal transducers and activators of transcription; Tpo, thrombopoietin; TpoR, thrombopoietin receptor. 
Related RTK a Non-related TK a Ser/Thr Kinases b. 
Kinase inhibition profile of ABT-869 (with permission adapted from Molecular Cancer Therapeutics 2006;5:995–1006). 
a. IC50 values determined at an ATP concentration of 1 mM. 
b. IC50 values determined at an ATP concentration of 5 to 10 ?M. 
Trial title Enrollment Trial design Last verified Recruitment Start date. 
Current listed clinical trials on ABT-869. 
Data compiled from. 
RDBT: Randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind trial. 
MC: Multicenter. 
W: Withdrawn prior to recruitment. 
RUO: Randomized, uncontrolled, open label. 
NR: Non-Randomized. 
TSGs Function References. 
TSGs that are Commonly Methylated in Lung Cancer. 
Drug Phase Cancer Results References. 
The Studies of DNMTi for Lung Cancer Therapy. 
Tissue type Sample size Score. 
Expression of APMCF1 in normal and malignant human tissues. 
As indicated in the Methods section, APMCF1 immunolabeling was scored as follows: weak immunolabeling (+), moderate immunolabeling (++), strong immunolabeling (+++), and no immunolabeling (-). 
Tissue type Sample size Positive Positive frequency (%). 
Expression of APMCF1 in human carcinomas. 
As ODN Company mRNA Target Chemistry Delivery Clinical phase Study group. 
Antisense oligonucleotides in clinical trials. 
Abbreviations: As-ODN: antisense oligonucleotide; PKC?: protein kinase C?; PKA: protein kinase A; TGF-?2: transforming growth factor ?-2; ICAM-1: intracellular adhesion molecule-1; Adenosine A1R: adenosine A1 receptor; TNF?: tumour necrosis factor?; HCV: hepatitis C virus; HIV: human immunodeficiency virus; PS: phosphorothioate; MF: morpholino; CLL: chronic lymphocytic leukemia; NSCLC: non-small cell lung cancer; AML: acute myelogenous leukemia; CML: chronic myelogenous leukemia. 
Strains Clone Type Base change Mutations Position from ATG Sequence. 
Mutations spectra observed in Canr mutant colonies from 7-d-old wild-type, sch9? , and rev1? cultures. 
Letters in bold indicate base substitutions; bold and italics indicate insertions; underline indicates deletions. NA, not applicable. 
from Madia et al. (2008) . 
cell population abbreviation description cell diameter (?m) cell volume (pL) number of colonies in soft agar tumor size (mm 2) in BALB/c nu/nu cell doubling time (h). 
Characteristics of primary, immortalized and tumorigenic cells in the panel. 
Cell diameter, doubling time, and in vitro and in vivo tumorigenic characteristics were analyzed. Values represent average ± SEM (n). Cell diameter and cell doubling time decrease significantly in H-RasV12/E1A-transformed cells. Primary and immortalized cells do not form tumors in vitro or in vivo , whereas tumorigenic capacity of H-RasV12/E1A-transformed cells increases with passage number. 
1For cell diameter analysis, approximately 120 cells per population were analyzed in each of the independent experiments. 
2Soft agar assays were carried out in duplicate in each of the independent experiments. 
3 In vivo tumor assays were conducted on a total of nine animals as described in Material and Methods. 
4For cell growth analysis and cell doubling time calculation, at least six independent experiments, each in duplicate, were conducted. Cells were seeded at 128,000 (Prim-MEF, Imm-MEF, TBX2-MEF) or 200,000 (Ras-LP, -HP, -TUM) cells per well of a 6-well plate. 
Statistics:. 
**: p < 0.01; ***: p < 0.001 compared to Prim-MEF (one-way ANOVA/Bonferroni). 
‡: p < 0.05 compared to Ras-LP (one-way ANOVA/Bonferroni). 
†: p < 0.05; ††: p < 0.01 compared to Ras-LP (Student's t-test). 
#: p < 0.10 for comparison Prim-MEF – Ras-LP (Student's t-test). 
Prim-MEF Imm-MEF TBX2-MEF RAS-LP RAS-HP RAS-TUM. 
Protein expression levels in primary, immortalized and tumorigenic cell populations. 
Semi-quantitative Western blot was performed as described in Material and Methods. Protein expression levels of Prim-MEF were arbitrarily set to 1.0. Glycolytic and mitochondrial enzymes do not show upregulation at the protein level in immortalized or transformed cell populations. Two enzymes involved in cellular NADH metabolism, MDH1 and NAMPT showed increased protein levels. 
*Indexed on Ras-LP (1.0): protein levels in Prim-MEF were extremely low and could not be reliably quantified (nd: not detectable). 
WT GluA1 -/- WTCD1 GluA2 -/-. 
Summary of basic electrophysiological properties for ACC neurons in wild-type and GluA1 and GluA2 knockout mice. 
none MV-C hPIV3-C Nipah-C. 
As described in Figure 2 , HEK-293T, Hela, Vero, A549 or BEAS-2B cells were transfected with pFA2-Elk1, pGal4-UAS-Luc, pRL-CMV to measure the activation level of MAPK/ERK signaling pathway. Cells were co-transfected with plasmids encoding 3×FLAG-tagged MV-C, hPIV3-C or Nipah-C or the corresponding empty vector pCI-neo-3×FLAG. 12 h after transfection, cells were starved and stimulated 6 h later with 100 ng/ml of EGF. After 24 h, expression of luciferase was quantified. Results were normalized so that reporter activity in cells transfected with a control vector equals 1. Experiments were performed in triplicates and data represent means±SD. 
Genotype/Allele Cases* Controls OR (95%CI) P-value. 
Genotype and allele distribution of variants in the ARLTS1 gene in BCC cases and controls. 
*The number of cases and controls included in the study was 529 and 533, respectively. The sequencing for genotyping failed for one sample among cases. 
**Global P-values calculated from chi^2 test for genotype as a single event and allele effects were adjusted for age, gender and nationality. 
Haplotype Cases Controls OR (95%CI) P-value*. 
Distribution of major haplotypes in the ARLTS1 gene in BCC cases and controls. 
*Global P-value for haplotype effect calculated from chi^2 test. 
Patients Age (years) Location HIPK2 (qPCR) BRAF (qPCR) SNP array Amplification of 7q34 pERK (IHC) BRAFV600E  . 
Characteristics of the 53 sporadic juvenile pilocytic astrocytomas (JPA) included in the study. 
N=negative; A=amplified; ND=not done; WT=wild type; Pos=positive; qPCR=quantitative real-time PCR; pERK=phospho-ERK; IHC=immunohistochemistry. 
Patients Age (years) Location Pathology HIP2K (qPCR) BRAF (qPCR) SNP array Amplification of 7q34 pERK (IHC) BRAF V600E. 
Characteristics of the other low-grade gliomas included in this study. 
JPA=juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma; M=V600E mutation; NF1=neurofibromatosis 1; SNP=single nucleotide polymorphism; qPCR=quantitative real-time PCR; pERK=phospho-ERK; IHC=immunohistochemistry; N=negative; A=amplified; ND=not done; WT=wild type; Pos=positive; M=mutated. 
Clinical characteristics of samples from children with high-rade astrocytomas included in this study. 
Minimal common region Cerebellar Brainstem and optic Hemispheric Grade II   Chr Start End Nb SNP Size (kb) JPA pathway JPA JPA astrocytoma Genes. 
Genomic alterations in 10 JPA with no 7q34 duplications and 5 grade II astrocytomas. 
MicroRNA MirBase No. Fold changes. 
Ten most downregulated miRNAs in colorectal cancer. 
Name Forward Reverse. 
Primer sequences for apoptosis-related genes. 
Biological and clinical Cases Measures Dicer characteristics n=23 111 Mean CI P -value. 
Quantitative RT–PCR analysis of Dicer expression in breast cancer cell lines and correlation with clinicopathological characteristics. 
CI=confidence interval; RT–PCR=reverse transcription PCR. 
  Metastatic progression   TMA population mRNA population Subgroups Metaprog/N HR (95% CI) (2 vs 0/1) Metaprog/N HR (95% CI) (<=8 vs >8). 
Metastasis free survival—comparison of the stratified hazard ratios. 
CI=confidence interval; ER=estrogen receptor; HR=hazard ratio; HER2=human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; N=lymph node status; PR=progesterone receptor; SBR=Scarff-Bloom-Richardson; TMA=tissue microarray. 
If HR>1, the patient has a higher risk to have a metastatic reccurrence at time t compared with the reference item. 
If HR <1, patient has a lower risk to have a metastatic reccurrence at time t compared with the reference item. 
Adjusting parameter statistically significant in the model. 
Most significant miRNAs and common miRNAs (in red) deregulated following cytogenetic alterations in AML. 
Most significant and common miRNAs (in red) deregulated following molecular alterations in cytogenetically normal AML. 
Lines Hypocotyl length (mm)  ?ACC +ACC. 
Etiolated seedlings in response to exogenous ACC. 
Twenty to twenty-five seeds from each line were surface-sterilized and grown on 120×120 mm plates containing MS with or without ACC (0.5 ?M) at 22 °C in the dark for 3 d, and the hypocotyl length was measured. The data represent the mean of two experiments. The error bars represent the standard error. 
Lines Root length (mm)  ?ACC +ACC. 
Light-grown seedlings in response to exogenous ACC. 
Twenty to twenty-five seeds from each line were surface-sterilized and grown on 120×120 mm plates containing MS with or without ACC (0.5 ?M) at 22 °C in the light for 7 d, and the root length of the seedlings were measured. The data represent the mean of two experiments. The error bars represent the standard error. 
Patient Age Sex Histological subtype. 
Median age (range) 65 (45–81) years Gender (female vs male) 29 vs 41. 
fold change Gene arrays q-RT-PCR. 
Median Survival Time (months) 95% C.I. (months) P value. 
HR value 95% C.I. P value. 
Cox regression analysis was performed (adjusted for all the other variables) for the following factors: MMP14, T stage, N stage, Histology. 
Melanoma type RET p BRAF mt  . 
RET p and BRAF mt in Non-desmoplastic Cutaneous and Desmoplastic Melanomas. 
Gene name RT primer. 
Reverse transcription primers. 
Gene name Primer sequence Anneal temperature(°C) Product length (bp). 
Quantitative Real-time PCR primers. 
Down-regulation (19) P Value Up-regulation (7) P Value. 
miRNAs differential expression in gastric cancer samples compared with the normal samples. 
Drug Relative potency. 
Relative potency of bisphosphonates 37. 
Citation Drug Study design N Follow-up (mo) Men Avg age Fracture RRR ? % increase BMD        Any Vert NV H FN LS. 
Studies of bisphosphonates for the treatment of osteoporosis in men. 
Abbreviations: RCT, prospective, randomized controlled trial; PU, prospective, unrandomized trial; vert, vertebral; NV, nonvertebral; NS, not significant; H, total hip; FN, femoral neck; LS, lumbar spine. All comparisons are statistically significant with p< 0.05. 
Citation Drug Study design N Duration (mo) Avg age ?% increase BMD       H FN LS. 
Trials in prostate cancer with ADT. 
HORIZON-RFT 69 Poole et al 72 Bolland et al 75 Brown et al 79 Ryan et al 86 Smith et al 87 Michaelson et al 88 Ryan et al 89 Composite    ZA p ZA p ZA p ZA ZA p ZA p ZA p ZA p ZA p  n =1054 n = 1057 n = 15 n = 16 n = 21 n = 22 n = 66 n = 61 n = 59 n = 55 n = 51 n = 22 n = 22 n = 22 n = 20 n = 1316 n = 1247. 
Incidence of side effects in zoledronic acid trials reporting safety analyses. 
Abbreviations: ZA, zoledronic acid; p, placebo; ADE, adverse drug effect; ARF, acute renal failure; CrCl, creatinine clearance; CVA, cerebrovascular accident; MI, myocardial infarction; CV, cardiovascular. 
Type 1 diabetic patients (n = 20). 
Characteristics of patients with DM1. Data are mean ± SEM. 
Term Category % of genes in category p value. 
Classification of differentially expressed genes between healthy controls and DM1 patients according to gene ontology (GO) terms with a p value < 0.01. 
Accession no. Protein name Molecular weight Sequence coverage Identification probability Spectral counts a Cont EGFR Y998F S991A. 
Proteins identified in EGFR immunoprecipitates are listed according to their IPI number, protein name, and molecular weight as indicated. Percent sequence coverage and protein identification probability according to the Protein Prophet algorithm ( 29 ) are also shown. LC-MS/MS analysis (LTQ-Orbitrap) was performed with trypsin-digested EGFR immunoprecipitates from unstimulated WT EGFR-expressing cells (Cont) and EGF-stimulated cells expressing WT EGFR (EGFR), Y988F variant (Y988F), and S991A variant (S991A). Spectral counts (columns 6–9) are the total number of spectra, including repeat identifications, of peptides derived from the indicated proteins. The spectral counts in each column were normalized by a factor such that the number of unphosphorylated EGFR-derived peptides (shown in the top row) were equalized to the value obtained for the EGFR sample. The actual number of non-phosphorylated, receptor-derived peptides is shown in parentheses. Note that the accession number for EGF corresponds to the 1207-residue pre/pro-EGF protein, whereas the degree of coverage, corresponding to residues 971–1011, relates to overlap within the 53-residue, processed growth factor (residues 971–1023). 
a Normalized to EGF-stimulated WT EGFR. 
Protein Peptide Q1/Q3 transition WT Y998F S991A Mean CV S.E. Mean CV S.E. Mean CV S.E. 
Cells stably expressing FLAG-tagged wild type receptor (EGFR) or the S991A and Y998F EGFR proteins (as indicated) were treated with or without EGF (100 ng/ml) for 15 min at 37 °C. Anti-FLAG immune complexes were digested with trypsin and analyzed by SRM (“Experimental Procedures”). Protein name and peptide sequence are indicated in the first two columns, respectively. The third column indicates the m / z values for the Q1-to-Q3 transitions that were monitored. In columns 4–12, the EGF-induced -fold change in abundance of associated proteins is indicated for the WT EGFR and the indicated variant receptors. -Fold changes are presented as the mean of n = 3 independent experiments with CV and S.E. and correspond to the histogram presented in Fig. 5 . 
EGFR peptide sequence Residue Spectral counts Cont EGFR Y998F S991A. 
The indicated FLAG-tagged receptor proteins were recovered by IP from unstimulated WT EGFR-expressing cells (Cont) and EGF-stimulated cells expressing WT EGFR (EGFR), Y988F variant (Y988F), and S991A variant (S991A). The immune complexes were digested with trypsin, and peptides were analyzed by LC-MS/MS. Total spectral counts, peptide sequences, and phosphosites are indicated. The bold area includes a Ser/Thr-rich region spanning 1026–1046 previously implicated to contain p38 MAP kinase phosphorylation sites ( 18 ) and includes peptides containing Ser(P)1039 and Thr(P)1041. pS, phosphoserine; pT, phosphothreonine; pY, phosphotyrosine. 
Functional classification Up (Val) Down (Val) Up (Glu) Down (Glu) Up (Gln) Down (Gln). 
Sigma factor No. (%) of differentially expressed operons by Valine No. (%) of differentially expressed operons by Glutamate No. (%) of differentially expressed operons by Glutamine. 
Characteristics Number (%). 
CCRT=concurrent chemoradiation; CT=chemotherapy; LN=lymph nodes; LVSI=lymph vascular space invasion; RT=radiotherapy. 
Variable n p-Stat3 positive (%) P -value. 
LN=lymph nodes; LVSI=lymph vascular space invasion. 
Protein Type of modification. 
List of prenylated proteins. 
Collection of existing mutation extraction approaches. 
Literature mining approaches for mutation extraction. The additional materials sections (Additional file 1 ) provides a more detailed description of each method. 
Literature derived mutations and overlap with knowledgebases. 
Overlap between the different knowledgebases and the literature extracted mutations. 
Example cases of Mutation disambiguation dictionary records and patterns. 
Mutation disambiguation patterns. 
Node attribute name Description. 
Node attribute description. 
Diagnosis Characteristic Median (range). 
Clinical features of rheumatoid arthritis, reactive arthritis and osteoarthritis patients included in the study. 
Sample # Age (Yr) Male/Fem Diagnosis Source Study Series Fractions Used. 
Clinical details and study assignments for CSF samples. 
LCMS: liquid chromatography mass spectrometry; TEM: transmission electron microscopy; WB: Western blot; S1, S3, P2, P3 as designated in figure 1. 
WT 12/15-LO KO  NC HFD Fold Change NC HFD Fold Change. 
Data are averages±standard error. 7–10 mice per group. * p<0.05 vs diet-matched WT, # p<0.05 vs strain-matched NC. ns - not significant. 
Study treatment Phase Pts Med OS (mos) Med PFS (mos) Rash [Gr3–4] (%). 
Summary of studies of EGFR targeted therapies for advanced pancreatic cancer. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; Gr, grade; mos, months; NR, not reported; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Loci Sporadic CRC a n =417 (%) Cell line total n =30 HNPCC n =7 Cell line sporadic n =22 Cell line HNPCC n =8. 
Frequency of methylation at individual loci. 
Hawkins et al (2002) . 
 . 
Effect of SR31747A and either OH-TAM or Flutamide on the proliferation of breast cancer epithelial cell lines, NBECs and prostatic cancer epithelial cell lines. 
      CDH13 methylation   Clinicopathological feature Variable No. of cases + ? P -value. 
Clinicopathological features and CDH13 promoter methylation in gastric cancer. 
? 2 test. 
Mean±s.d. 
Student's t -test. 
mt, muscular tunic. 
tub, tubular adenocarcinoma. 
por, poorly-differentiated adenocarcinoma; muc, mucinous adenocarcinoma; sig, signet-cell adenocarcinoma. 
Genetic aberration Leukemic disease Involvement of Gab2 References. 
Oncogenic events in human and murine leukemias involving Gab2. 
Major genetic alterations in primary and secondary GBM initiation and progression.*. 
Gene Chromosome Mechanism Frequency Ref. 
Genetic alterations in GBM. 
Cell line Average doubling time/hours (±sd). 
Native SeMet. 
Data collection and refinement statistics. 
Values in parentheses are for highest-resolution shell. One crystal was used for each data set. TLS (translation/libration/screw) parameters for each protomer were included in the refinement. 
345P3 34P2 35P2 45P2 3P 4P 5P Pi. 
Phosphoinositide binding constants. 
K d values in ?M. n.d. = not determined. Grb10 and Grb14 RA-PH proteins were used in the binding experiments. The PH domain of Grp1 was used as a control in the fluorescence-polarization assay. 
Average RMSD/Å to NoMnmE·GPD Domain N-Terminal Domain Helical Domain G Domain. 
Residue a Mutated to Cys Nucleotide State C?-C? Distance from X-ray Structures/Å Maximum in DEER Distance Distribution/Å b. 
Note that not all residues selected for spin labeling are resolved in all X-ray structures. 
Numbering according to E. coli MnmE sequence. 
Major maxima are highlighted in bold. 
T. maritima homodimer model (generated with pdb 1XZP). 
From E. coli G domain dimer (pdb 2GJ8). 
From CtMnmE·GDP. 
From NoMnmE·GDP. 
From CtMnmE·GppCp, dimer A. 
From CtMnmE·GppCp, dimer B. 
Name CtMnmE·GDP a CtMnmE·GppCp a NoMnmE·GDP a Pdb-code 3GEE 3GEI 3GEH. 
Values in parentheses are for the highest-resolution shell. 
Data from one crystal. 
Agent Molecule Target/mechanism Status. 
Therapeutic agents targeting the HER2 pathway in breast cancer. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; FDA, Food and Drug Administration; HER, human epidermal growth factor receptor; Hsp, heat shock protein; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; TK, tyrosine kinase; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor. 
Protein HER2 EC phospho-HER2 (pY1248) p27Kip1 Oestrogen receptor ? Progesterone receptor. 
Characteristics for immunostaining and scoring. 
Anti-HER1 to 4 and anti-Ki-67 antibodies were applied as described previously [ 27 ]. 
EC = antibody binds to extracellular domain; HER = human epidermal growth factor receptor; mAb = monoclonal antibody. 
Parameter Overall survival   HR 95% CI P. 
Univariate Cox proportional hazards analysis. 
Overall survival was defined from beginning of Herceptin™ treatment. Hazard ratios (HR), confidence intervals (CI) and P values of investigated parameters dependent on overall survival. CI with lower and upper limits. Data in bold define significant results. 
ER = oestrogen receptor; FISH = fluorescence in situ hybridisation; HER = human epidermal growth factor receptor; IHC = immunohistochemistry. 
Parameter Overall survival  HR 95% CI P. 
Last step of multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis. 
Overall survival was defined from beginning of Herceptin™ treatment, Cox analysis was performed stepwise backwards. 
CI = confidence interval; HR = hazard ratio; FISH = fluorescence in situ hybridisation; HER = human epidermal growth factor receptor; IHC = immunohistochemistry. 
Scoring HER1 (n = 48) HER3 (n = 47) HER4 (n = 48) phospho-HER2 (n = 43) p27Kip1 (n = 48) ER? (n = 45) PR (n = 46). 
Results of immunohistochemical stainings. 
All 48 patients were HER2 FISH positive (ratio > 1.5). Numbers in parentheses are percentages. Results in bold define data considered positive for immunohistochemistry. n/a = not applicable, scoring defined in methodical chapter. 
ER = oestrogen receptor; HER = human epidermal growth factor receptor; PR = Progesterone receptor. 
Genotype Frequency . 
Allele Frequencies for tested SNPs, including reported frequencies for CAUC 1 population. 
Chi-Square Degrees of Freedom Significance. 
Analysis Results, rs3741378 Chi-square and HW-equilibrium for all SNPs. 
Rs3741378 T1 analysis (mimics standard Chi-Square) T4 analysis (collapses low-count categories into the next lowest category). 
CLUMP analysis of rs3741378. 
Clone ID GenBank accession FC a UniProtKB/TrEMBL entry Swiss-Prot hit BLAST E-value Length (% identity) b Gene Symbol. 
Transcripts regulated in vitellogenic ovary relative to previtellogenic ovary. 
aFold change; b Extent of BLASTX hit aligned region (in amino acids), and percent identity over the aligned region. 
Clone ID GenBank accession FC a UniProtKB/TrEMBL entry Swiss-Prot hit BLAST E-value b Length (% identity) Gene Symbol. 
Transcripts regulated in mature ovary relative to vitellogenic ovary. 
aFold change; b Extent of BLASTX hit aligned region (in amino acids), and percent identity over the aligned region. 
Clone ID GenBank accession FC a UniProtKB/TrEMBL entry Swiss-Prot hit BLAST E-value b Length (% identity) Gene Symbol. 
Transcripts regulated in atretic ovary relative to vitellogenic/mature ovary. 
aFold change; b Extent of BLASTX hit aligned region (in amino acids), and percent identity over the aligned region. 
non-transgenic transgenic tumor. 
Protein names and Abbreviations Accession # P-Value related to Angiogenesis. 
HIV-Modulated Proteins Associated With Essential Steps During Angiogenesis. 
HIV-modulated proteins significantly associated with essential biological steps in neovascularization and angiogenesis. Four proteins were upregulated, two were downregulated and all the rest (n = 25), were expressed de novo post-HIV-infection (i.e. not expressed in uninfected counterpart cells; Figures 1–4). 
Since most of the proteins expressed in HIV-infected cells are multifunctional, the categorization of these proteins is only to facilitate a better understanding of numerous complex biological processes involved in angiogenesis. Thus, PKC is listed in categories #1 and #4 and C3/C03 is listed in #1 and #9. 
Common Mammary Liver Adipose P-Value adjusted nominal adjusted nominal Adjusted nominal adjusted nominal. 
Chickpea library and EST characterization. 
Genotype Total No. of ESTs sequenced Sequencing success percentage a Good-quality ESTs used for contigging b ESTs in contigs EST singletons. 
Sequencing and contigging statistics of chickpea ESTs. 
aSequencing success was determined by removing low quality, short insert, no insert and mitochondrial ESTs from the total number of ESTs sequenced. 
Gene indices Identity >80% Identity>90%. 
Comparative matching of Ca ESTs to the ESTs of other legume databases. 
The chickpea ESTs isolated in this study were compared to other legume databases like Arachis hypogea, Cajanus cajan, Pisum sativua, Robinia psedoacacia, Lotus japonicus, Medicago trunculata, Glycine max and Phaseolus vulgaris collected from NCBI and TIGR gene indices. The criteria for stand alone BLASTN were (1) exact match = 11; (2) e-value cutoff 1e-5; and (3) identity > 80% and 90% at DNA sequence level. 
% of positive cells  CD34 GPIIb GPIb. 
Effect of MEK inhibitors on cell surface expression markers. 
Percentage of positive cells was determined by flow cytometry using specific CD34, GPIIb, and GPIb antibodies on the whole population prior to bovine serum albumin (BSA) gradient. Mean ± standard error of mean of four independent experiments are shown. BM = bone marrow; FL = fetal liver. 
p  < 0.01, when compared with control. 
Cancer gene discovery approach Resolution Pros Cons. 
Overview of genomic technologies for cancer gene discovery. 
BCR-ABL construct Disease WBC (x106/L) Lym (x106/L) Mon (x106/L) Gra (x106/L) Liver (g) Spleen (g). 
See text for details. Pre-moribund mice transplanted with MIG vector, MIG-wild type and MIG-triple were sacrificed for pathological evaluation. Counts of total white blood cells (WBC), lymphocytes (Lym), monocytes (Mon) and granulocytes (Gra) were analyzed from peripheral blood on a VetABC blood analyzer. Livers and spleens were harvested, weighed and analyzed histologically. 
Agent Description Company Approved indications Investigational indications. 
Anti–epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) used for treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). 
First author(reference) Treatment [type of study; type of patients] No. of patients with KRAS mutation/total No. of patients (%) Outcome by KRAS status, No. of patients (%) † Association of KRAS mutation with response and survival parameters Complete or partial response Stable disease Progressive disease MT WT MT WT MT WT. 
Tumor KRAS mutations and outcome of panitumumab- or cetuximab-based treatment in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer *. 
Studies that prospectively evaluated biomarkers. BSC = best supportive care; CR = complete response; CT = chemotherapy; DC = disease control (PR or SD); FOLFIRI = folinic acid, fluorouracil, and irinotecan; FOLFOX = folinic acid, fluorouracil, and oxaliplatin; MT = mutant; NA = not available; NR = nonresponse or nonresponder; OR = objective response or responder; OS = overall survival; PD = progressive disease; PFS = progression-free interval; PR = partial response or responder; SD = stable disease; TTP = time to disease progression; WT = wild type. 
Expressed as a percentage of patients within the MT and WT subgroup. (the denominator is also shown in the first two columns). 
Phase III comparison of panitumumab vs BSC (data for panitumumab recipients only are shown). 
Patients initially assigned to BSC who crossed over to panitumumab treatment after disease progression in the phase III study. 
First author (reference) Treatment [type of study; type of patients] No of patients with increased GCN/total No. of patients (%) [cutoff†; methodology] Outcome by GCN status, No. of patients (%) ‡ Association of increased EGFR GCN with response and survival parameters Complete or partial response Stable disease Progressive disease Increased Normal Increased Normal Increased Normal. 
Tumor epidermal growth factor receptor gene copy number and outcome of panitumumab- or cetuximab-based treatment in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer *. 
CEP7 = chromosome 7 control; CISH = chromogenic in situ hybridization; CT = chemotherapy; EGFR = epidermal growth factor receptor; FISH = fluorescence in situ hybridization; GCN = gene copy number; NA = data not available; NR = nonresponders; OR = objective response or responder (ie, complete or partial response); OS = overall survival; PD = progressive disease; PFS = progression-free interval; PTEN = phosphatases and tensin homolog; TTP = time to disease progression. 
Expressed as number per nucleus. 
Expressed as a percentage of patients with increased or normal GCN (the denominator is also shown in the first two columns). 
In more than 50% of cancer cells or presence of large gene copy cluster. 
High overall response rate in this study was due to a clinical enrichment strategy. 
Relationship to response Biomarker First author (reference). 
Summary of potential predictive molecular biomarkers for response to the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)–targeted monoclonal antibodies cetuximab and panitumumab in metastatic colorectal cancer *. 
Data are based on analysis of tumor tissue from patients participating in clinical trials. COX-2 = cyclooxygenase-2; HER2 = human epidermal growth factor-2; IL-8 = interleukin-8; NF?B = Nuclear factor kappa B; pAkt = phosphorylated Akt; VEGF = vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Based on data from a study that prospectively defined biomarker analysis and included a large number of patients ( 13 ). 
Limited preliminary data. 
Data need to be confirmed in large patient datasets, preferably with prospective study design. 
Gene name position in rank list Notes reference. 
The ranked position (out of 22,690 probe sets assayed) of Northern-blot-validated transcript probe sets and references highlighting their role in normal or malignant hematopoiesis are shown. For transcripts linked to multiple probe sets, the first occurrence of transcript in the ranked probe set list is shown. 
GO_ID # cancer genes # non-cancer genes chi-square p-value Name Name space. 
Top 5 significantly over-represented GO terms of 'molecular function' and 'biological process' in cancer genes vs. non-cancer genes. 
ID # cancer genes # non-cancer genes Chi-square p-value Name Description. 
Top 10 significantly over-represented Pfam domains in cancer genes vs. non-cancer genes. 
Features cancer genes non-cancer genes COSMIC genes OMIM genes P-value c. 
Summary statistics of sequence features. 
a mean and standard deviation. 
b median. 
c from ANOVA F-test. 
Feature selection SVM Naïve Bayes Logistic regression. 
Area under ROC (AUC) for feature selections and classifiers. 
Gefitinib Erlotinib. 
Patient characteristics. 
Gefitinib Erlotinib. 
Side effects. 
Genes/pathways Function Methylation frequency. 
Summary of genes frequently hypermethylated in prostate cancer. 
References: (GSTP1): Kang, 2004 ; Woodson, 2004a ; Yamanaka, 2003 ; Yegnasubramanian, 2004 . (MGMT): Kang, 2004 ; Konishi, 2002 ; Maruyama, 2002 ; Yamanaka, 2003 ; Yegnasubramanian, 2004 . (ENDRB): Jeronimo, 2003 ; Nelson, 1997 ; Woodson, 2004a ; Yegnasubramanian, 2004 . (CDH1): Li, 2001 ; Maruyama, 2002 ; Woodson, 2004b . (CD44): Kito, 2001 ; Woodson, 2004a , 2004b . (APC): Kang, 2004 ; Maruyama, 2002 ; Yegnasubramanian, 2004 . (RAR?): Maruyama, 2002 ; Nakayama, 2001 ; Yamanaka, 2003 ; Woodson, 2004a . (AR): Kinoshita, 2000 ; Nakayama, 2000 ; Sasaki, 2002 ; Yamanaka, 2003 . (ER?): Li, 2000 ; Sasaki, 2002 ; Yegnasubramanian, 2004 . (ER?): Nojima, 2001 ; Sasaki, 2002 ; Zhu, 2004 . (RASSF1A): Kang, 2004 ; Kuzmin, 2002 ; Liu, 2002 ; Maruyama, 2002 ; Woodson, 2004a and 2004b ; Yegnasubramanian, 2004 . (DAPK1): Kang, 2004 ; Maruyama, 2002 ; Yamanaka, 2003 . (TIMP-2): Pulukuri, 2007 . (TIMP-3): Jeronimo, 2004 ; Yamanaka, 2003 . (CDKN2A/p16): Jarrard, 1997 ; Konishi, 2002 ; Maruyama, 2002 . (CDKN1C/p57): Lodygin, 2005 . (CDKN1A/p21): Konishi, 2002 . (CDKN1B/p27): Konishi, 2002 . (Cyclin D2): Padar, 2003 . (SFN): Henrique, 2005 ; Lodygin, 2004 ; Mhawech, 2005 . 
Genes Function Methylation frequency References. 
Summary of hypomethylated genes in prostate cancer. 
Angiogenesis inhibitor name Human ?1(IV)NC1 Human ?2(IV)NC1 Human ?3(IV)NC1. 
Signaling mechanisms mediated by type IV collage derived angiogenesis inhibitors. 
Disease N % Response   Cytogenetic response   CHR Major Complete Overall survival. 
Phase 2 data for nilotinib second-line to imatinib failure. 
Abbreviations: CHR, complete hematologic response; CML, chronic myeloid leukemia; ALL, acute lymphoid leukemia; Ph, Philadelphia chromosome. 
Route and formulation Oral: 200 mg caps. 
Pharmacokinetics ( Nilotinib 2008 ). 
Von Bubnoff et al53 Bradeen et al52 Ray et al54. 
In vitro mutagenesis for resistance to nilotinib. 
Sensitivity of Bcr-Abl mutants to nilotinib56. 
Probe set ID Gene symbol Gene title Included in HG-U133 array. 
The 31 probe sets (29 genes) in Rapamycin Metagene Index listed by probe set identifier. 
ID, identifier. 
Miller et al . [ 27 ] Wang et al . [ 28 ] van 't Veer et al . [ 29 ]. 
Cox multivariate regression analysis of survival according to clinical factors in the primary breast cancer data sets used. 
Clinical data and the RMI with relative risk (hazards ratio), confidence interval, and P value were fitted to each of the clinical factors. 
aA coefficient of 0.03 means that the model gives a 97% decrease of the predicted hazard for an increase of 1 unit of RMI. 
bThere was no stratification of the variables, actual values were used in analysis. 
HR, hazards ratio; CI, confidence interval; LN, lymph node; NS, not significant; ER, estrogen receptor. 
Targets Relative expression a    L2.5 L5.5     Mu-1 Mu-2 Mu-3 Mu-4. 
Levels of c-Myc targets involved in ribosome biogenesis and translation. 
aResults are relative expression levels in mutant mice compared with levels in the corresponding wild type (WT) littermates. Four mutant mice (Mu-1 to -4) were analyzed on lactation day 2.5 and 5.5 and each value is relative to the matched WT value. bDirect targets of transcription activated by c-Myc, chosen from [ 46 ]. 
Media VEGF Protein Control ALN ALN + FOH ALN + GGOH. 
VEGF Protein (pg/ml), Adjusted for Total Protein, Secreted into the Media or Cell Associated from Murine Endochondral Chondrocytes Treated with Alendronate (ALN) and Mevalonate Intermediates Farnesol (FOH) and Geranylgeraniol (GGOH) for 72 h. 
Values expressed as LSMEANS ± SEM. Different superscripts within ALN dose (row) indicate means differ (p < 0.001); n = 6 for each different treatment group within a row. 
P-gp 1 p53 mutation 2 Endothelial cell growth (%) 3 Endothelial cell survival (%) 4. 
Influence of supernatants from different neuroblastoma cell lines on endothelial cell growth and endothelial cell survival. 
1 P-glycoprotein (P-gp) expression; + = overexpression, - = no overexpression. 
2 p53 status; + = mutated p53, - = wild-type p53. 
3 endothelial cells were grown in cancer cell culture supernatants mixed 1:1 with IMDM supplemented with 10% FCS; cell number was determined after 120 h. 
4 confluent endothelial cell monolayers were incubated with cancer cell culture supernatants mixed 1:1 with IMDM supplemented with 10% FCS; cell number was determined after 48 h. 
5 IMDM supplemented with 15% FCS, 5% human serum, bFGF 2.5 ng/ml. 
6 IMDM supplemented with 10% FCS. 
* P < 0.05 relative to corresponding parental chemosensitive neuroblastoma cell line. 
# P < 0.05 relative to the parental chmosensitive neuroblastoma cell lines UKF-NB-3, UKF-NB-2, and IMR-32. 
Chromosome SQnon-met LiverMet. 
Summary of acquired copy number changes identified by oligonucleotide array CGH in liver metastases (LiverMet) from NE-10 allografts, and in non-metastasizing (SQnon-met) NE-10 allografts. 
N.A. = not applicable. 
*Nucleotide sequences are from NCBI build 35. 
Tumor Type Cell lines. 
The cancer cell lines in the NCI60 collection sorted by tissue of origin. 
Reference Tissue of origin Number of transcriptional profiles GEO Number. 
Gene expression profiling datasets of NCI60 cell lines and normal tissues analyzed in this study. 
Gene expression profiles retrieved from the GEO Database. Dataset A (60 profiles) is made up of the NCI60 cell lines [ 31 ]. Dataset B (13 profiles) is a subset of transcriptional profiles of a diverse array of tissues, organs, and cell lines from a normal human physiological state [ 106 ]. Dataset C (4 profiles) encompasses the normal human adult samples derived from colonoscopic biopsy present in a database comprising samples of patients with Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis [ 107 ]. Dataset D (4 profiles) contains normal control samples present in a database containing transcriptional profiles of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) obtained by juvenile arthritis patients and healthy controls [ 108 ]. 
Probeset Unigene Symbol Description. 
PKA related genes identified in all the datasets shown in Table 2 and used in this study. 
Class Normal Transformed. 
Correlation between PKA related gene patterns and tissues. 
Six different classes, corresponding to the main arms of the dendrogram derived from clustering according to "Tissue and cell line", were identified. The number on the right of each tissue represents the number of samples belonging to a class as compared to the total sample analyzed. 
Tumor Type Ras PI3K Other Mutation Not Tested. 
NCI60 cell lines with predicted active pathways by mutational analysis. 
The 60 cell lines reorganized in 4 categories, as described in the text, on the basis of the most representative mutation of each cell line:. 
Cell lines carrying mutations able to interfere with Ras-Raf-MAPK pathway (i.e., mutations in genes encoding Ras, B-Raf, ERBB2, PDGFRA, referred to as Ras);. 
Cell lines carrying mutations able to interfere with PI3K-Akt pathway (i.e., mutations in genes encoding PI3KCA, PTEN and Lkb1, referred to as PI3K);. 
Cell lines carrying no somatic mutations interfering with the two above pathways (i.e., mutations in genes encoding for CDKN2A, p53, referred to as Other Mutation);. 
Cell lines for which the presence of somatic mutations interfering with the two above pathways has not been searched, referred to as Not Tested. 
GeneName Computational data Literature data. 
Comparison between computational data and literature data. 
The table shows the transcriptional factor families identified by computational analysis and the transcriptional factors/transcriptional family identified by analysis of literature data. The factors identified by both analysis are shown in bold . 
Gene name 5? primer 3? primer. 
Oligo name Sequence. 
Mouse Model C(3) T- antigen WAP- T antigen MMTV- c- myc MMTV- Neu MMTV- HA-ras MMTV- PyMT K4-Cre APCcko/+. 
LMO4 mRNA expression in murine models of breast cancer. 
Expression profiles of mammary gland tumors from mice overexpressing T-antigen, myc, ErbB2/Neu, HA-ras and polyoma middle T antigen ( PyMT ) ( Desai, et.al., 2002 ) and mammary gland tumors from mice with targeted deletion of Adenomatous Poliposis Coli (APC), which results in aberrant Wnt signaling ( Kuraguchi, et.al., 2009 ), were compared to normal mammary glands. Results for LMO4 mRNA levels are shown above: (n.c.) no change, (+) increased levels and (++) highly increased levels, relative to control glands. 
LMO4 overexpression is associated with high-grade, poorly differentiated breast cancers. 
Two publicly available cohorts of human breast tumors were ranked according to LMO4 mRNA expression. The number of tumors corresponding to each clinical parameter was then evaluated for the first and fourth quartile fractions of LMO4 expression. 
Patient number Fisher test Statistical significance a. 
GILZ immunostaining scores versus Ki-67 proliferation index and p-AKT immunostaining in ovarian carcinoma tissues (n = 50). 
Patient number Median Percentage Min-Max. 
Clinical and histological parameters of patients. 
Genotype a Temperature (°C) %Malformed (n)b. 
Balanced, Rho heterozygous mutant virgin females were crossed to either w 1118 males, or males bearing RhoGEF2 or zip mutations over a second chromosome balancer at 21°C and 25°C. b% malformed indicates the percentage of animals of the indicated genotype showing a malformed leg phenotype in at least one leg. n , total number of flies of the indicated genotype that were scored. ND, not determined. 
% malformed (n)c Primary screen Df a Secondary screen Df or specific mutation Cytologyb Rho1E(br)246 Rho1E(br)233 Rho1E3.10. 
Exelixis deficiencies identified in the primary screen that interact with more than one Rho1 allele and have been confirmed by the identification of overlapping Rho1 -interacting deficiencies. bCytology is based upon flybase annotations as of January 2009 (reflects release 5 of the Drosophila genome). c% malformed indicates the percentage of animals heterozygous for the indicated Rho1 allele and heterozygous for the indicated deficiency or specific mutation showing the malformed leg phenotype in at least one leg. n , total number of flies of the indicated genotype that were scored. dData from [25] . 
% malformed (n)b Primary screen Df Specific mutation Cytology a zipE(br) RhoGEF211-3b. 
Cytology is based upon flybase annotations as of January 2009 (reflects release 5 of the Drosophila genome). b% malformed indicates the percentage of animals heterozygous for the indicated Exelixis deficiency or specific mutation and heterozygous for zip E(br) or RhoGEF2 11-3b showing the malformed leg phenotype in at least one leg. n , total number of flies of the indicated genotype that were scored. Background penetrance of malformed legs: RhoGEF2 11-3b/+ 1% ( n ?=?398), zip E(br)/+ 2% ( n ?=?126) with zip E(br)/SM5 fathers and 6% ( n ?=?116) with zip E(br)/SM5 mothers. cData from [25] . 
Potential RhoGEF Cytology a Protein domainsb Df or mutation tested Cytology a % malf. ( n )c. 
Cytology is based upon flybase annotations as of January 2009 (reflects release 5 of the Drosophila genome). bDH, Dbl homology domain; PH, pleckstrin homology domain; SH2, Src homology 2 domain; SH3, Src homology 3 domain; C1, Protein kinase C conserved region 1 domain; CH, Calponin homology domain; RasGEF, Ras guanine nucleotide exchange factor domain; PDZ, domain found in PSD-95, Dlg and ZO 1/2; BRCT, BRCA1 C-terminal domain; FERM, Protein 4.1, Ezrin, Radixin, Moesin homology domain. c% malformed indicates the percentage of animals heterozygous for the indicated Rho1 allele and heterozygous for the indicated deficiency or specific mutation showing the malformed leg phenotype in at least one leg. n , total number of flies of the indicated genotype that were scored. 
Drug Trial Patients Regimen Outcome Citation. 
Clinical experience with current small molecule Hsp90 antagonists. 
Ped, pediatric patients; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; HRPC, hormone-refractory prostate cancer; MM, malignant melanoma; GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; NR, no objective response; PR, partial response; MR, minor response; SD, stable disease. 
Brain region Genes with increased regional number of detections Genes with decreased regional number of detections. 
Region-specific transcripts identified based on differential detection. 
The comparisons were done on a pairwise basis between tissues, and a probe was differentially detected in two tissues if in one tissue it was detected in less than two subjects and in the other tissue it was detected in nine or more subjects. This table is based on all 22 184 transcripts. Underlined—transcripts exclusively detected in all samples from a given brain region while was absent in all samples form other brain regions or transcripts absent in all samples from a given tissue while detected in all samples from other brain regions. 
aStatistically significant functional associations of Panther ontology terms with listed gene transcripts; BP, biological process; MF, molecular function. 
bOrbital frontal cortex, DLPFC and frontal pole versus all other tissues. 
Probe ILMN_ Gene symbol Entrez Gene name Brain expressiona H2r P -value H2r Covariateb Relation to disease. 
Thirty-two candidate genes for mapping brain eQTL in peripheral blood. 
aGenes ?up- or ?down-regulated in a single-brain region compared with all other regions, CV, cerebellar vermis; Ch, head of caudate; OP, occipital pole; H, hippocampus. 
bImportant covariates: A, age; S, sex; B, batch. 
cProbe region uninterrupted by SNPs in vervet. 
dProbe region containing SNPs in vervet. 
eGenetic Association Database (GAD). 
Reference Treatment Patients ( n ) Pathologic cr [% (95% ci )] dfs [% (95% ci )]    h arm Non- h arm h arm Non- h arm. 
Key neoadjuvant trials of trastuzumab ( h ). 
Combined values, includes additional patients. 
3-Year follow-up, does not include additional patients ( n = 42). 
1-Year follow-up, including additional patients. 
Overall survival data not yet mature. Preliminary results show 17 events in the h arm and 22 events in the non- h arm. There is a positive trend for the h arm at a median follow-up of 3 years: p = 0.18; hazard ratio: 0.65. 
3-Year median follow-up. 
Presented as event-free survival, defined by either progression on therapy or relapse after surgery or death from any cause. 
cr =complete response; ci = confidence interval; dfs = disease-free survival; p = paclitaxel; fec = 5-fluorouracil, epirubicin, cyclophosphamide; ap = doxorubicin, paclitaxel; cmf = cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, 5-fluorouracil; hr = hazard ratio; ibc = inflammatory breast cancer. 
Trial name (ClinicalTrials.gov id ) Type Treatment Expected accrual Estimated completion date. 
Future studies with her 2–targeted therapy in the neoadjuvant setting. 
f = 5-fluorouracil; e = epirubicin; c = cyclophosphamide; t = paclitaxel; h = trastuzumab; l = lapatinib; d = docetaxel; c b= carboplatin; a = doxorubicin; b = bevacizumab; p = pertuzumab. 
Tumorigenesis Method Technique Tumor Animal Ref. 
A summary of existing animal models of brain tumors. 
(abbreviations (GS-Gliosarcoma, GBM-glioblastoma multiforme, Astro-astrocytoma, ODG-oligodendroglioma, MB-Medulloblastoma, KO-knockout). 
Genotype Viability  30°C 34°C 37°C. 
n/a?=?Not tested. 
Strain Genotype Reference or Source. 
All strains are isogenic to DK186 and are in the W303 background except as otherwise noted ( leu2-3,112 ura3-1 can1-100 ade2-1 his3-11,15 trp1-1 bar1 ? GAL+ ssd1-d2 ). 
BY4741 Strain background ( MAT a his3 ? 1 leu2 ? 0 met15 ? 0 ura3 ? 0 SSD1-v1 ). 
Condition BLAST options Number of RBHs Normalized value. 
The effect of BLAST filtering options on the performance of RBH. 
This table shows the performance of RBH using the different BLAST filtering options with eukaryotic sequences. The results from this analysis showed the soft filtering option with no Smith and Waterman produced the highest number of successful RBHs. 
Number of contiguous sequences RBH successful orthologs SRBH successful orthologs CSRBH successful orthologs Number of genes Number angiogenic genes Number of up-regulated genes Number of up-regulated angiogenic genes. 
A summary of the results for the bioinformatic analyses. 
This table displays the number of human protein orthologs found using CSRBH for the 16,650 cDNA carp contiguous sequences. 3,762 total none redundant genes were found and 908 of them were predicted as angiogenesis genes. From the re-analysis, 567 genes were up-regulated and 24% of them were predicted as angiogenesis genes. 
Heart tissue Muscle tissue Combined results. 
A numerical breakdown of cDNAs differentially expressed due to cold temperature. 
This table conveys the numerical breakdown of results for the differential cDNA expression due to cold temperatures on the carp array. 171 were the total number of putative cold induced angiogenic genes. 
Gene Accession Gene product. 
A selection of cold induced angiogenic genes predicted in this work. 
From the 135 putative angiogenic genes up regulated due to cold temperatures, 12 genes considered biologically interesting in terms of angiogenesis are listed. The four highlighted in bold are reviewed in the text. 
ID Age M/F Survival (weeks) from resection Survival (weeks) from diagnosis Pathology Prior Treament. 
Demographic and pathologic description for 27 study patients. Survival is shown from time of resection of study tumor: “+” ?=? still alive and parentheses mark patients lost to follow-up. For recurrent tumors, prior treatment and survival from initial diagnosis. 
Gene Scaffold coordinates Gene predictions ESTs. 
Catalogue of Spätzle genes found in the Daphnia pulex genome. 
Only Spätzle gene predictions with supporting ESTs are reported. An asterisk (*) indicates identical sequences in multiple copies on the same or different scaffolds. All EST numbers are for Daphnia pulex unless otherwise stated by Daphnia magna . 
Spz type Standard conditions Stress factor. 
Origin of Daphnia pulex Spätzle ESTs. 
The first column lists the different Spätzle paralogues. When encoding ESTs were derived from animals kept in standard laboratory conditions, the GenBank EST accession numbers figure in the "Standard conditions" column. When encoding ESTs were derived from animals subjected to a stress, the GenBank EST accession numbers figure in the "Stress factor" column. The particular stress is defined further in the column next to the EST GenBank accession number. 
System Blood volume per test (mL) Time for enrichment (minute) Principle of CTC enrichment and detection Sensitivity Reference. 
Common techniques for CTC-enrichment and detection. MACS (Magnetic Activated Cell Separation), ISET (Isolation by Size of Epithelial Tumor Cells), FISH (Fluorescent in Situ Hybridization), RT-PCR (Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction). 
Patients analyzed Type of cancer Method of CTC detection Results Reference. 
CTCs studies and clinical outcome in gastrointestinal malignancies. 
OMIM Query Number of Records. 
OMIM text-based query for variants of the phrase “large bones.”. 
EQ Descriptions Entity Quality. 
The following free-text describing the branchiootorenal syndrome I (OMIM#113650) phenotype is annotated using multiple EQ phenotype descriptions: “sensorineural, conductive, or mixed hearing loss, structural defects of the outer, middle, and inner ear, branchial fistulas or cysts, and renal abnormalities ranging from mild hypoplasia to complete absence.” EHDAA, Human Developmental Anatomy; FMA, Foundational Model of Anatomy; GO, Gene Ontology; PATO, quality ontology. 
Gene Number of Genotypes Number of Annotations Distinct EQs. 
For each OMIM gene, the number of alleles annotated and the total number of EQ annotations are listed. Of these total number of annotations, the number of which were unique amongst the set are also listed. This set of annotations provides the basis for the analysis presented in Figure 5 . Genes annotated in triplicate are indicated in bold . 
Source Ontologies Used Number of Genes Number of Unique Descriptions. 
Data were comprised of annotations and ontologies from a variety of sources. Listed are the ontologies used in the annotations from each data source, along with the number of genes annotated, and the number of unique phenotype descriptions (EQs). Annotations from MGI and GAD were made using the pre-coordinated ontologies MP and DO. 
this study. 
http://mgi.org . 
http://www.zfin.org . 
http://www.gad.org . 
Gene simIC simJ ICCS maxIC Role in Hedgehog Pathway Ref. 
All genes ranking in the top 23 are listed, ordered by rank of simIC, together with their ranks by all metrics and a short description of a putative function of the gene product with particular reference to the hedgehog pathway. Known hedgehog pathway members indicated with an a. The rank for each score (simIC, simJ, ICCS, and maxIC) was determined by its position in a sorted list, with tied rankings representing a shared score; next-lower scores ranked at their position in the list. The set of the top 23 most similar genes includes the top 10 by each metric, with the exception of maxIC, where the top eight were included due to many ties. The chances of retrieving 11 of the 20 pathway members, based on a hypergeometric distribution, in the top 23 out of 2,908 genes is very low ( p <E-19). Genes that scored in the top 23 are in bold . A full table of results is listed in Table S1 . 
Mouse Zebrafish   simIC simJ ICCS maxIC simIC simJ ICCS maxIC. 
The four similarity metrics are reported for each human-mouse or human-zebrafish ortholog pair. The rank shows where the ortholog is returned using each similarity metric in the top 250 most similar genes (by simJ) with the human gene queried against all mouse or zebrafish genes, respectively. “NF” indicates that the ortholog was not found in the top 250 genes. Cases where the orthologs ranked in the top 10 are bold . No comparison between human TNNT2 and mouse Tnnt2 could be made, because no mouse annotations were available at the time that OBD was loaded. In cases where two zebrafish paralogs existed, the “a” gene was used for comparison: pax2a , shha , and sox9a . 
Mouse Zebrafish Gene simIC simJ ICCS maxIC simIC simJ ICCS maxIC. 
Shown are the highest scoring genes when comparing a human gene versus either mouse or zebrafish, using the four different similarity metrics (as in Table 6 ). Sequence orthologs that are the top hit are in bold . For maxIC, there were often ties for the top rank, which are all listed with the exception of Tnnt2 versus mouse, where there were 20 genes ranked as the most similar. Please see Tables S2–S23 for a full listing. 
Inhibitor IC50 (nM) Format Assay Staur. GW5074 ZM336372 U0126 PD98059. 
Inhibitor IC50 Values for Direct and Cascade Kinase Assays. Kinase Reactions were Conducted in the Presence of Increasing Inhibitor Concentrations for the FRET Direct, FRET Cascades, and TR-FRET Direct Assays Using 100 ?M ATP. 
Gene Forward primers (5?-3?) Reverse primers (5?-3?). 
DNA primers used for QRT-PCR experiments. 
Category Gene Fold change ( P value) 2 h 4 h 6 h 8 h. 
Microarray analysis of gene expression changes in infected HEp-2 cell monolayers. 
ND: Not determined. Data not shown due to low signal intensity (<50). 
Category Gene Fold change ( P value) 2 h 4 h 6 h 8 h. 
Validation of selected genes by QRT-PCR. 
Cell type Incubation time (h) 2 4 6 8. 
Cholesterol quantification [( ? g/105 cells) ± SD] in uninfected and infected HEp-2 cell monolayers. 
Ensembl ID Transcript ID Gene Symbol p-value Differential Exon Reduced Strain Interpro Domain Domain Function. 
Differential Exon - alternatively spliced between strains; Reduced Strain - lower expression of indicated exon;. 
Interpro Domain - protein domain encoded in alternatively spliced exon. 
Ensembl ID Transcript ID Gene Symbol p-value Differential Exon Reduced Strain Interpro Domain Domain Function. 
Differential Exon - alternatively spliced between strains; Reduced Strain - lower expression of indicated exon;. 
Interpro Domain - protein domain encoded in alternatively spliced exon. 
Category Representative GO Term Genes Count/List Pop Hits/Total Fold Enrichment p-value. 
GO?BP - Gene Ontology, Biological Process; p value - modified Fischer Exact Test. 
NAME Top 10 genes Source SIZE NOM p-val FDR q-val. 
Top 10 genes – top 10 ranking genes belonging to a gene set; source – source for the gene set; size – number of genes in a gene set; NOM p-val – nominal p value; FDR q-val – false discovery rate. 
Category Representative GO Term First 10 Genes Count/List Pop Hits/Total Fold Enrichment p-value. 
GO?BP - Gene Ontology, Biological Process; p value - modified Fischer Exact Test. 
QTL Chromosome Position (Mb) Candidate Genes Related Publication. 
QTLs in quotations or unnamed are based on personal communication; Genes - differentially expressed between DA and PVG in day 7 ex vivo lymph node cells; Genes - differentially expressed in MOG re-stimulated cells; Genes - differentially expressed in both ex vivo and re-stimulated conditions; Genes - alternatively spliced. 
Target Type of Protein Genetic Aberration Tumor Types. 
Components of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR Pathway Frequently Deregulated in Cancer. 
Target Type of Protein Genetic Aberration Potential Relevance in RCC. 
Components of the PI3K-Akt-mTOR Pathway Deregulated in RCC. 
mTOR Inhibitor T 1/2 (h) Primary Metabolite Dose and Schedule MTD DLTs (all grade 3) Suggested Phase II Dose. 
mTOR Inhibitors: Phase I and Pharmacokinetic Data. 
*In heavily pretreated patients. 
†In minimally pretreated patients, no MTD was established, but the maximum acceptable dose was 19 mg/m2 due to grade 3 stomatitis and dose reductions in 2 patients. 
NR = Not reached. 
  Tiam2 Native I Tiam2 Se-Met Tiam2 Native II Tiam1 Native     Peak Edge    . 
Crystallographic data. 
aEach pair of values are for overall/outer shell. 
  Tiam2 Native I Tiam2 Native II Tiam1. 
Structural refinements. 
Patient ID FAB % CD34 Karyotype FLT3-ITD Responses to cytokines. 
AML cells derived from peripheral blood (PB); Percentage of CD34+ (% CD34) in the total AML mononuclear cell fraction; FAB, French-American-British classifications; FLT3-ITD (internal tandem duplication) was present (+) or absent (?) in the AML cells; ND, not determined; N, normal; c.a. constitutive activation of STAT5. 
N?=?435, Mean values Low Cystatin C (staining under 2) (n?=?315) High Cystatin C (staining 2–3) (n?=?120) P values. 
BCR: Biochemical Recurrence. 
Type of screen Cell type Virus References. 
High-throughput analyses of virus-host interactions in HIV infection. 
(A) Degenerate primers; (B) Primers for RACE; (C) Primers for full length cDNA constructs; (D) Primers for inverse PCR; (E) Primers for quantitative RT-PCR. 
Samples Condition attributes (genes) Decision attributes (classes)  Gene 1 Gene 2 ... Gene n Class label. 
Microarray data decision table. 
Methods (feature selection + classification) a #Selected genes #Correctly classified samples (accuracy) Rule-based classifier. 
Comparison of best classification accuracy for the Leukemia dataset 1. 
aThe text before "+" states the feature selection method, while that after it states the classification method. The absence of "+" means that the same method was used for both feature selection and classification. 
bThe decision trees are also involved in feature selection. 
c"unknown" means that no related data are provided in the article. 
These explanations apply to the other tables. 
Methods (feature selection + classification) #Selected genes #Correctly classified samples (accuracy) Rule-based classifier. 
Comparison of best classification accuracy for the Lung Cancer dataset. 
Methods (feature selection + classification) #Selected genes #Correctly classified samples (accuracy) Rule-based classifier. 
Comparison of best classification accuracy for the Prostate Cancer dataset. 
dIn [ 18 ], as both raw and normalized datasets were used, two groups of prediction results were obtained. Here, we chose their results from the normalized dataset. Another small difference is that we obtained the dataset from the Kent Ridge Bio-medical Data Set Repository, where the prostate test set includes 25 tumor and 9 normal samples instead of the 27 tumor and 8 normal samples studied in [ 69 ]. To facilitate comparison, the correctly classified sample numbers were calculated according to the total of 34 samples. 
Methods (feature selection + classification) #Selected genes #Correctly classified samples (accuracy) Rule-based classifier. 
Comparison of best classification accuracy for the Breast Cancer dataset. 
eLOOCV result in the total of 97 samples. 
Methods (feature selection + classification) #Selected genes #Correctly classified samples (accuracy) Rule-based classifier. 
Comparison of best classification accuracy for the Leukemia dataset 2. 
fLOOCV result in a total of 72 samples. 
gLOOCV result in a total of 57 training samples. 
hIn [ 20 ], only 3 of 8 AML testing samples in the dataset were mentioned. Thus, their test set contained 10 rather than 15 samples. 
iExcept for C4.5, all the others are not rule-based classifiers. 
Dataset # Original genes Class # Training samples # Test samples. 
Summary of the five gene expression datasets. 
1st - 2nd Probe ID Classification results in LOOCV Classification results in the test set    # Correctly classified samples Accuracy (%) # Correctly classified samples Accuracy (%). 
Thirteen gene pairs with high classification accuracy in the Leukemia dataset 1. 
Probe ID Classification results in LOOCV Classification results in the test set    # Correctly classified samples Accuracy(%) # Correctly classified samples Accuracy(%). 
Sixteen genes with high classification accuracy in the Lung Cancer dataset. 
1st - 2nd Probe ID Classification results in the test set    # Correctly classified samples Accuracy (%). 
Twenty-five gene pairs with 100% LOOCV accuracy in the Lung Cancer dataset. 
Probe ID Classification results in LOOCV Classification results in the test set ?     # Correctly classified samples Accuracy (%) # Correctly classified samples Accuracy (%) . 
Eight genes with high classification accuracy in the Prostate Cancer dataset. 
1st - 2nd Probe ID Classification results in LOOCV Classification results in the test set ?     # Correctly classified samples Accuracy (%) # Correctly classified samples Accuracy (%) . 
Three gene pairs with good classification accuracy in the Prostate Cancer dataset. 
GenBank accession number Classification results in LOOCV Classification results in the test set ?     # Correctly classified samples Accuracy (%) # Correctly classified samples Accuracy (%) . 
Eight genes with high classification accuracy in the Breast Cancer dataset. 
Probe ID Classification results in LOOCV Classification results in the test set ?. 
Twenty-one genes with high classification accuracy in the Leukemia dataset 2. 
Human miRNA Involvement       Cancer Oncomir Suppressor miRNA Oncogene Target References . 
Oncomir and Tumor Suppressor miRNA Profiles in Human Cancers. 
Note:. 
mouse-model. 
Gene Int 407 (mean±s.e.) Caco-2 (mean±s.e.)  . 
Overexpression of ? -catenin increases mitochondria-encoded genes activity. 
Levels of ND2, ND6, and 16?s mRNA in Int 407 and Caco-2 cells were measured after 5 days of cell growth, transfection was performed on the forth day in complete growth medium. Thereafter, cells were stimulated or not for 1?h with 40?n M LTD4. The expression of the genes of interest were normalised to the expression of the housekeeping gene actin B. The presented data are given as means±s.e. of four separate experiments. First, we compared ? -catenin constructs transfections and stimulations with unstimulated empty vector control for each gene, * P <0.05; ** P <0.01; *** P <0.005. Second, we compared stimulated with LTD4 to unstimulated for each vector transfection, ### P <0.005. 
Probe set Gene name in array HG-U133 Plus 2.0 Official symbol a Accession number Biological process b LBFC P -value. 
Main characteristics of differentially expressed genes in poorly differentiated tumours. 
Abbreviations: DBS=double-strand breaks; LBFC=lower bound of fold change; snRNA=small nuclear RNA. 
Assigned in EntrezGene . 
Information taken from Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) or from EntrezGene . P values for difference in mean expression between groups were calculated using an unpaired t -test. 
Probe set Gene name in array HG-U133 Plus 2.0 Official symbol a Accession number Biological process b LBFC P -value. 
Main characteristics of differentially expressed genes in the four thyroid tumour histotypes vs normal thyroid tissues. 
Abbreviation: LBFC=lower bound of fold change. 
Assigned in EntrezGene. 
Information taken from Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) or from EntrezGene . P values for difference in mean expression between tumours and normal tissues were calculated using an unpaired t -test. 
Gene set name a Gene set description Nominal P -value FDR FWER Reference. 
Gene sets enriched in the poorly differentiated vs the well-differentiated groups. 
Abbreviations: BUB1=budding uninhibited by benzimidazoles 1 homolog (yeast); BUB1B=budding uninhibited by benzimidazoles 1 homolog beta (yeast); CD=cluster of differentiation; IL6=interleukin 6; CDKN1A=cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1A (p21, Cip1); CKS1B=CDC28 protein kinase regulatory subunit 1B; ESPL1=extra spindle pole bodies homolog 1 ( S. cerevisiae ); FDR=false discovery rate; FWER=family wise-error rate. 
Assigned in Molecular Signatures Database ( www.broad.mit.edu/gsea/msigdb/index.jsp ). References are supplied as supplementary data. 
Primers 5' ? 3'     Gene symbol Accession number [GenBank:] Forward Reverse. 
List of primers used for Q-PCR experiments. 
Gene symbol Accession Number [GenBank:] Gene description Chromosome location Expression array (log2 ratio) Q-PCR. 
Selected list of genes associated with 1,25D resistance identified by expression array analysisa. 
-. Not available. 
a. Genes were identified considering FDR<0.05 as significant, with the exception of VDR due to flagging (see text for explanation). 
b. Additional genes selected for Q-PCR quantification. 
Pathway Over/under representation FDR (<0.05). 
Pathways associated with 1,25D resistance identified using Panther Ontology gene enrichment analysis. 
NOTE: + denotes over-representation in 1,25D resistant cells. 
Panther Ontology Pathway    Gene symbol Accession number [GenBank:] B cell EGFR PDFG Interleukin FGF Toll. 
Genes present in at least three of the significant pathways identified. 
NOTE: B cell activation; EGF receptor signaling pathway; PDGF signaling pathway; Interleukin signaling pathway; FGF signaling pathway; Toll receptor signaling pathway; + denotes involvement in the pathway. 
Up-regulated proteins in hyperplastic bladder tissue. 
*The "Z score" is estimated when the search result is compared against an estimated random match population. For instance, a Z score of 1.65 for a search means that the search is in the 95th percentile. Conceptually, this "95th percentile" is different from "95% confidence" that the search is a correct identification. ( http://129.85.19.192/profound/help.html#ZSCORE ). 
Down-regulated proteins in hyperplastic bladder tissue. 
*The "Z score" is estimated when the search result is compared against an estimated random match population. For instance, a Z score of 1.65 for a search means that the search is in the 95th percentile. Conceptually, this "95th percentile" is different from "95% confidence" that the search is a correct identification. ( http://129.85.19.192/profound/help.html#ZSCORE ). 
Shift up Shift down Current-State Updated-State Current-State Updated-State. 
Membranous form (% positive cells) Soluble form (pg/mL)  gp130 gp80 IL-6 gp130 gp80 IL-6. 
Membrane staining of gp130 and gp80 and intracellular staining of IL-6 were performed on 2×105 cells as described in materials and methods with 1 µg/mL primary antibody. Results were expressed as the mean % of positive cells of two independent experiments realized in duplicate. IL-6, soluble gp130 (sgp130) and sgp80 were measured by ELISA on 100 µL supernatants as described in materials and methods . Results were expressed as the mean±SD of three independent experiments realized in duplicate (pg/mL). 
U266 Namalwa Daudi BL-36 Raji RPMI 8226 BJAB U937 Ramos Rs4; 11. 
Cells were exposed to doxorubicin, vinblastine and taxol at 0.1 µg/mL, to vincristine and cisplatin at 1 µg/mL in a 96 well plate at 5,000 cells/well for 48 h. An ATP-based proliferation assay was conducted as described in materials and methods . (?): resistance?=?proliferation >50%, (+/?) intermediate sensitivity?=?30%< proliferation <50%, (?) sensitivity?=?proliferation <30%. 
Pathway P -value* (gene) P -value* (protein). 
Pathways mutually represented by differentially expressed Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 1 (STAT1)-dependent genes and proteins. 
*P -value, Fisher's exact test. 
Pathway Gene Symbol Description Function. 
Enzymes co-regulated at the gene and protein level by Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 1 (STAT1). 
GG, glycolysis/gluconeogenesis; OP, oxidative phosphorylation; CC, citrate cycle. 
Cells expressing (p) str-2 ::RFP 2 AWCON 1 AWCOFF/1 AWCON 2 AWCOFF n. 
Animals containing the transgene ( p)str-2 ::RFP were scored for the str-2 expression pattern. The chemoreceptor STR-2 is asymmetrically expressed in the AWCON and not the AWCOFF cell. Data represents transgenic animals from at least three independent lines. In each case animals were scored under three categories for ( p)str-2 ::RFP expression: ( p)str-2 ::RFP expression in both AWC neurons; ( p)str-2 ::RFP expression in only one AWC neuron; ( p)str-2 ::RFP expression in neither AWC neuron. 
Data from Troemel et al. 1999 [70] . 
Demographic data Total n (%) Primary CRC Liver metastasis   T-Ag positive n(%) T-Ag negative n(%) p-value T-Ag positive n(%) T-Ag negative n(%) p-value. 
NS: non-significant (p>0.05) using where appropriate Fishers exact test or unpaired t-test. 
Mutation Cell lines NRAS WT/WT V600E BRAF V600D BRAF. 
Genotyping data of melanoma cell lines. 
The N-RAS or BRAF mutational status of melanoma cell lines RGP (Sbcl2, WM3211), VGP (WM1366, WM3248), MET (WM9, WM239). 
Diabetes type Model Cardiac mass Cardiomyocyte diameter Cardiomyocyte loss Mitochondria SR Apoptosis Intramyocardial lipid Fibrosis. 
? indicates increase; ? indicates decrease; = indicates no difference. BB, BioBreeding; ZDF, Zucker diabetic fatty. 
Diabetes type Model Microvascular changes. 
BB, BioBreeding; ZDF, Zucker diabetic fatty. 
Study Correlation with ACF size/number Significance. 
ACF, aberrant crypt foci; AUC, area under the curve. 
Type of cancer Relative risk (95% CI) Number of cases. 
CI, confidence interval. 
Pathway JAK/STAT Notch Hippo/Warts Myc EGF/ras Dpp Reporter Assay STAT-{GFP} m ? {LacZ} 1 / m ? ,eyg QPCR 2 ex {LacZ} 1 / mer,ex,Diap QPCR 2 Fibrillarin 3 Capicua P-SMAD . 
Summary of signaling reporter assays for mitogenic pathways tested in PRC1 mutant eye discs. Immunofluorescence microscopy assays on eyFLP clones and quantitative realtime PCR assays of downstream signaling targets in eyFLP/cell-lethal discs were used to analyze growth pathway signaling. Note that eyFLP/cell-lethal eye imaginal disc contain a proportion of wild type tissue. 
Assayed by LacZ reporter immunofluorescence in tissue. 
Assayed by QPCR of downstream pathway targets (see Fig.S5A ). 
Assay determines nuclear/nucleolar size ratio. 
nd - not determined. 
ID Symbol Name Fold change. 
Candidate Mediators of Ctrl-Independent Morphogenesis. 
aList of Xenopus laevis transcripts with expression up-regulated at least threefold in fibroblast growth factor (FGF)-treated animal cap explants from embryos injected with a Ctrl-specific morpholino (XctrlMO). Only annotated genes are listed. 
Items Direction Sequence. 
siRNA sequences of rat TRPC1, 5 & 6. 
Target Sympathetic receptor. 
The ?-adrenergic system. 
Patient # Sex Breed Age BW B/T Stage Survival Diagnosis. 
Demographic data of dogs in the study. 
Abbreviated breeds include American cocker spaniel (Am Co Sp), English springer spaniel (Engl Spring), Staffordshire terrier (Staff Terr), Blue tick hound (Blue Tick), Golden retriever (Golden) and mixed-breed dogs (Mix). Age is listed in years. Body weight is listed in kilograms. The immunophenotype (B/T) is listed. The stage is according to the World Health Organization staging standards. Survival is listed in days. Survival times marked with "@" to denote dogs alive at final analysis or lost to follow-up. Diagnosis is listed according to the Working Formulation where the tissue blocks could be retrieved or as lymphoma where they could not. Abbreviations for the diagnoses are as follows: DSLL, diffuse small lymphocytic lymphoma; DLCL, diffuse large cell lymphoma; LBL, lymphoblastic lymphoma; FL II, follicular lymphoma II; FL III, follicular lymphoma III. 
Dog B or T Cell Rel Intensity Meth at HpyCh4IV Rel Intensity Meth at TaqA Rel Intensity Meth at BstuI Meth:Unmeth Ratio for MSP Relative Expression. 
Results of COBRA and MSP methylation analysis and real time expression analysis. 
There are seven control and 21 lymphoma samples. COBRA results are described as relative intensity of the methylated band out of all bands in the lane. The MSP results are described as a ratio between the methylated and unmethylated primer sets. Because these primer sets use different conditions for amplification, the ratio cannot be directly interpreted as a proportion of methylated DNA, but as a number relative to the other samples. Samples marked N/A were unavailable for the particular analysis. 
Representative gene expression changes increased in BALBLsp-d compared to BALB mice. 
These genes were identified in profile "BHT-1day_up" (A) and profile "BHT-1day_down" (B) below the p value set for the DAVID analysis (p < 0.0003)*; see Additional file 2 , Table S1 for the complete profile gene lists. 
*These genes were identified after bioinformatic analysis filtering first on biological patterns using both Genespring and Spotfire Software followed by filtering on GO biological categories using the DAVID Bioinformatics Database. †These genes were upregulated ? 2-fold in BALB Lsp - d vs. BALB 1 day following protocol 1 (chronic BHT) (P < 0.05). ‡Significant interaction effects between strain (BALB vs BALB Lpsd mice) and treatment (oil, 1 or 3 days following 4BHT) (p < 0.05). Bolded genes are those genes in common with the gene list identified for Protocol 2 (see Table 2). 
B . Gene Symbol* Gene Name Affymetrix Probe ID Major GO Category(ies). 
Representative gene expression changes decreased in BALBLsp-d compared to BALB mice. 
* These genes were identified after bioinformatic analysis filtering first on biological patterns using both Genespring and Spotfire Software followed by filtering on GO biological categories using the DAVID Bioinformatics Database. †These genes were down-regulated ? 2-fold in BALB Lsp - d vs. BALB 1 day following protocol 1 (chronic BHT) (P < 0.05). 
Representative gene expression changes increased in BALBLps-d tumors. 
These genes were identified in the "Up-in-KO_tumor" profile (A) and "Down in WT tumor" profile (B) that are below the p value set for the DAVID analysis (p < 0.0001); see Additional file 2 , Table S1 for the complete profile gene lists. 
*Representative increased genes from the "Up-in-KO_tumor" profile that were higher in the BALB Lpsd tumors compared to BALB mice. These genes were identified after bioinformatic analysis filtering first on biological patterns using both Genespring and Spotfire Software followed by filtering on GO biological categories using the DAVID Bioinformatics Database. †Genes upregulated ? 1.5-2-fold in BALB Lspd tumors vs. BALB tumors based on GeneSpring. ‡Genes with significant interaction effects comparing strain (BALB vs BALB Lspd ) and treatment (MCA, MCA/BHT tumors, MCA/BHT uninvolved tissue) (p < 0.05). Bolded genes are those genes in common with the gene list identified for the 4BHT study (see Table 1). 
Gene Symbol Gene Name Affymetrix Probe ID Major GO Category(ies). 
Representative gene expression changes decreased in BALB tumors. 
These genes were identified in the "Up-in-KO_tumor" profile (A) and "Down in WT tumor" profile (B) that are below the p value set for the DAVID analysis (p < 0.0001); see Additional file 2 , Table S1 for the complete profile gene lists. 
*Representative decreased genes from the "Down in WT tumor" profile for genes BALB tumors compared to BALB Lsp - d tumors. These genes were identified after bioinformatic analysis filtering first on biological patterns using both Genespring and Spotfire Software followed by filtering on GO biological categories using the DAVID Bioinformatics Database. †Genes down-regulated ? 50% in BALB tumors compared to BALB Lspd tumors based on GeneSpring. 
Proteins Binding sites/associated viral proteins Viruses Refs. 
Cellular proteins involved in picornaviral RNA replication. 
*PCBP, poly(rC) binding protein; hnRNP, heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein; PABP, poly(A)-binding protein; La, Lupus autoantigen; EF-1?, eukaryotic elongation factor 1 alpha. 
Proteins Binding sites/associated viral proteins Viruses Refs. 
Cellular proteins involved in picornaviral IRES-mediated translation. 
*PTB, polypyrimidine tract-binding protein; nPTB, neural polypyrimidine tract-binding protein; PCBP, poly(rC) binding protein; Unr, upstream element binding protein; La, Lupus autoantigen; hnRNP, heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein; DRBP 76: NF45 heterdimer, dsRNA binding protein 76: NF45 heterdimer; GAPDH, glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase; FBP2, far upstream element binding protein 2; PABP, poly(A)-binding protein. 
Disorder Peripheral blood Bone marrow. 
WHO classification and criteria for the myelodysplastic syndromes 3. 
Factor Value IPSS score Notes. 
International Prognostic Scoring System (IPSS) 7. 
Notes: The numeric scores for the blast %, the cytogenetic changes and the cytopenias are combined to give the total numeric score. The scores equal a risk category:. 
Low. 
Intermediate-1. 
Intermediate-2. 
High. 
. 
The risk categories are sometimes combined as. 
Low and intermediate-1 = low-risk MDS. 
Intermediate-2 and high = high-risk MDS. 
. 
Oligonucleotide Catalog No . Consensus binding motif. 
Commercial consensus oligonucleotide sequences (Santa Cruz). 
  hSef protein   All tissue samples ( n =219) ?/+ ++ +++  . 
Analysis of hSef expression in association with clinical disease parameters. 
Abbreviation: Stage=local tumour stage. 
A: Protein expression of total hSef analysed by clinical parameters in 219 tissue samples. 
B: Specific hSef full-length isoform expression by in situ hybridisation in a subset ( n =49) of benign and cancer tissue samples. 
    Activatory Relative Structural signalling Allelic Putative functional murine Principal effector-cell expression profile a Receptor CD inhibitory affinity for IgG components variants analogue m ? DC N B NK. 
Fc ? -receptors in human and mouse. 
Abbreviations: DC=dendritic cell; ITAM=immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activatory motif; ITIM=immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif; m ? =macrophage; N=neutrophil, B=B cell; NK=natural killer cell. 
Fc-receptor expression is variable and can be modulated on certain cell populations, for example, by cytokine signalling and activation status. Data shown are intended to indicate expression on key effector-cell populations involved in Fc-mediated immune responses. 
Human and murine Fc ? RI have high affinity for monomeric IgG irrespective of antigen binding. 
Ab name Target Technology Clinical phase Company. 
Clinical-phase anticancer antibodies incorporating Fc modifications. 
Abbreviation: EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Fc protein engineering to increase Fc receptor engagement. 
FUT8-knockout CHO cells producing non-fucosylated antibodies with increased Fc-receptor engagement. 
Genetically engineered cells producing antibodies bearing bisected non-fucosylated oligosaccharides with increased receptor engagement. 
PPV (%) 1   P-score CASVM-Model GraBCas-Model. 
Positive predictive values (PPV) of model prediction at various P-score cut-offs. 
1PPV calculations are limited to P-score cut-off of 0.75 as all predicted cleavage sites were eliminated beyond this point for both models. CASVM-Model and GraBCas-Model indicate the use of either CASVM or GraBCas at the first step of the model. 
TTS length Number of unique pTTSs Ratio of [B] and [A]       Wu et al. 2007 [A] TTS mapping [B] . 
A comparison of the frequencies of uniquely mapped pTTSs found in the TTS databases. 
G4 ID Sequence Chr Start End Strand TSS ID. 
G4 and pTTSs overlapping in the MYC promoter and MYC intragenic regions pTTSs overlapped with G4s are in bold type. 
TTS ID Sequence TTS Length Chromosome Start End Strand %G sno/miRNA ID. 
Four TTSs overlapped with mir-483 precursor. 
Type of Regulation Type of Tumor and Normal Cell Gene Rank (top %) P value Reference. 
Searches were done using the following Oncomine parameters: gene: VAV1 or RASGRF2 ; analysis type: cancer vs normal analysis; dataset sizes: microarray data with a minimum of 75 independent samples; microarray platform: non restricted; gene rank, top 10%; P value?0.001. 
Type of Regulation Tumor type Gene Rank (top %) COPA value Percentile (%) Reference. 
Searches were done using the following Oncomine parameters: gene: VAV1 ; analysis type: outlier analysis; cancer type: leukemia, lymphoma and myeloma; dataset sizes: microarray data with a minimum of 75 independent samples; microarray platform: non restricted; gene rank, top 10%; P value?1×10–4; COPA value: less than –3. 
Type of Regulation Tumor type Gene Rank (top %) COPA value Percentile (%) Reference. 
Searches were done using the following Oncomine parameters: gene: VAV1 ; analysis type: outlier analysis; cancer type: leukemia, lymphoma and myeloma; dataset sizes: microarray data with a minimum of 75 independent samples; microarray platform: non restricted; gene rank, top 10%; P value?1×10–4; COPA value: less than –3 for downregulated genes and higher than 3 for upregulated genes. 
Product Company  Material Processing Form. 
A selection of ECM based products is listed below as identified by Badylak et al . [ 17 ]. 
Product Com pany Material  Processing Form . 
Additional ECM based products listed below as identified by the authors. 
Anginera™ was formally known as Dermagraft (ii) Allogenic neonatal fibroblasts (iii) Fibroblasts & keratinocytes (iv) Hydroxyapatite (v) Tricalcium Phosphate (vi) Chondroitin Sulphate (vii) Glycosaminoglycans. 
Vessel type Compliance Modulus of Elasticity (E) Reference. 
Compliance and Modulus of Elasticity of native blood vessel and various graft materials. 
SIS UBM . 
Biaxial failure load of multi-laminated bioscaffolds [ 182 ]. 
Graft Material Location Biological Response in anastomosis site Reference Methodology Up-Regulated Biomarkers Down-Regulated Biomarkers. 
Regulation of the molecular cascade in the area of turbulent flow. 
Model Reference. 
Cell culture based experimental characterisation of ERK1/2 association with breast cancer pregression. 
aPKC = atypical PKC; EGF = epidermal growth factor; EGFR = EGF receptor; EMT = epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition; ER = oestrogen receptor; ERK = extracellular regulated kinase; IGF = insulin-like growth factor; MAPK = mitogen-activated protein kinase; MEC = mammary epithelial cell; MMP = matrix-metalloproteinase; Par = Partitioning defect; PI3K = phosphoinositide 3-kinase; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; TGF = transforming growth factor; uPA = Plasminogen activator, Urokinase; uPAR = Urokinase receptor; VEGF = vascular epidermal growth factor. 
Norepi Dopamine Sub P. 
Summary of neurotransmitter effects on CD8+ T lymphocytes. 
Biological process 1 day 4 days 7 days. 
Upregulation/downregulation ratios. 
Ratio of proteins upregulated and downregulated for biological process categories at 1, 4, and 7 days post amputation (dpa). Numbers in parentheses represent numbers of proteins in each category. 
Biological process Protein 1 day 4 days 7 days. 
Highly regulated proteins. 
Priority 1 and 2 proteins upregulated or downregulated by a value of 2.00 or more on one or more days post amputation (dpa). Asterisks indicate exceptionally high values (over 3.00) on one or more dpa. 
Protein Comparison Fold change      LC-MS/MS Densitometry. 
Liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) versus densitometry measurements. 
Comparison of fold changes for NOS1, fibronectin and ?-actinin with densitometry measurements on immunostained sections. Six images were collected for each immunostained section. Mean pixel intensities were calculated for each image by sampling 20 randomly-distributed regions of each image using the measurement package of the Axiovision software (Zeiss). Statistical comparisons were performed using ANOVA. A P value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. 
* P < 0.001; ** P < 0.01; *** P < 0.05. 
ANOVA = analysis of variance; dpa = days post amputation; NOS1 = nitric oxide synthase 1. 
No Sex Tumour histology Tumour size (mm) Mitotic activity Group Tumour grade CD 117 Mutation. 
Patient clinical, pathological and molecular characteristics of analyzed GIST samples. 
Gene  Fold Increase Due to Density-Induced Matrix Stiffness Fold Decrease in HD Matrices after ERK Inhibition. 
Differentially expressed transcripts implicated in the conserved human breast carcinoma-associated “proliferation signature” ( Whitfield et al., 2006 ) are upregulated due to increased density-induced matrix stiffness (HD/LD). Greater than 95% of these transcripts are significantly reverted to near LD levels following inhibition of ERK1/2 phosphorylation (HD+U0126/HD+DMSO). 
Residue In structure Conservation a. 
Percentages from one hundred and ten sequences. 
? (Leu/Val/Ile/Met). 
Leu 19% . 
Val 4%. 
Gene Mutation Domain Phenotype a Human TOR ref. 
R, resistance; D, dependence. 
S. pombe Tor2 corresponds to S. cerevisiae Tor1. 
G2128R (typo) in the reference. 
Chimeric ScTOR2 (1?1689) and rat TOR (1721?2549), multiple mutations were in two of three isolated mutants. 
Gene Expression Knockout mouse phenotypes Relevance to human pathologies. 
Phenotypes of Cav-1 null mice and their implications in human pathologies. 
Genes Expression Knockout mouse phenotypes Relevance to human pathologies. 
Phenotypes of Cav-2 and Cav-3 knockout mice and their implications in human pathologies. 
EGFR assay method Assay output Performed in ovarian cancer? Platform for ovarian cancer References for ovarian cancer. 
Summary of assays used in detecting EGFR in vitro and in vivo . Aside from high-throughput methods (such as cDNA arrays, comparative genomic hybridization, and reverse phase protein arrays) and xenograft tumor assays, more broadly encompassing biological methods such as assays for invasion, migration, or gene knockouts have been excluded. cDNA: complementary DNA; PCR: polymerase chain reaction. 
*EGFR was detected and reported, but samples were not necessarily preselected for alteration of EGFR sequence, expression, or activity. 
Study and Year CT no. Phase # Pts Therapy Selection criteria Outcome Comments. 
(a) Monoclonal Antibodies. 
Study and Year CT no. Phase # Pts Therapy Selection criteria Outcome Comments. 
(b) Small Molecule Inhibitors. 
UniGeneID Gene name Gene Symbol Fold change(ratio ? 2)        Ad5-HIF-1alpha/Ad5 Ad5-siHIF-1alpha/Ad5 Hypoxia/normoxia. 
65 genes upregulated by HIF-1alpha more than 2.0-fold in three pairwise comparisons. 
UniGeneID Gene name Gene Symbol Fold change(ratio ? 2)        Ad5-HIF-1alpha/Ad5 Ad5-siHIF-1alpha/Ad5 Hypoxia /normoxia. 
28 genes downregulated by HIF-1alpha more than 2.0-fold in three pairwise comparisons. 
Gene Symbol Gene ID Hits in subset Number of associations in subset Total number of hits Total number of associations p-Value p-Value (Bonferroni corrected). 
TFs that are predicted to have a central role in regulating miRNAs. 
Table 1 shows the TFs that have been identified through statistical analysis to be statistically enriched (corrected p-value < 0.01) within the upper quartile of predicted TF?miRNA associations (see text). The correction factor utilised for the Bonferroni-correction is the number of unique TFs in the complete set of predicted TF?miRNA associations (258). 
a. HDACs (Histone deacetylases). 
Chromatin-modifying enzymes. 
This table summarizes the main family members of HDACs (panel a), HATs (panel b), HMTs (panel c), HDMTs (panel d) and DNMTs (panel e). To facilitate comprehension, enzymes that appear in the text of this review are indicated in bold. 
Abbreviations used in table 1: ACTR: Activator of thyroid and retinoic acid receptors; ALL-1: acute lymphoblastic leukemia; ALR: ALL- 1 related gene; AsH1: absent small or homeotic discs1; ATF-2: Activating Transcription Factor; CARM1: coactivator-associated arginine methyltransferase 1; CBP: CREB binding protein; DOT1: disrupter of telomeric silencing; ELP3: elongation protein 3 homolog; ESET: SET domain bifurcated 1; Eu-HMTase: euchromatic histone methyltransferase 1; EZH2: enhancer of zeste homolog 2; Gcn5: General control nuclear factor 5; GNAT: Gcn5-related N-AcetylTransferase; GRIP: glucocorticoid receptor-interacting protein 1; HBO1: HAT bound to DNA replication origin complex; HKMT: Histone methyltransferase; JARID: Jumonji, AT rich interactive domain; JHDM: JmjC domain containing histone demethylases; JMJD: Jumonji-domain containing; LSD1: lysine-specific demethylase 1; MLL: Mixed-lineage leukemia; JBP1: Janus kinase binding protein 1; MOF: males absent on the first; MORF: MOZ-related factor; MOZ: Monocyte leukemia zinc-finger protein; MYST: named for its founding members MOZ, YBF2 /SAS3, SAS2, and Tip60; NSD1: nuclear receptor binding SET domain protein 1; p/CAF: p300/CBP associated factor; p/CIP: p300/CBP interacting protein; PRMT: Protein arginine methyltransferase; RBP-2: retinol-binding protein 2; RIZ1: retinoblastoma protein-interacting zinc-finger 1; SAS2: serum antigenic substance 2; SET1: SET domain containing 1; SETDB1: SET domain bifurcated 1; SIRT: Sirtuin; SMC: Structural Maintenance of Chromosomes-1; SMYD: SET- and MYND-domain-containing; SRC: Steroid receptor coactivator; Suv39 h1: suppressor of variegation 3-9 homolog 1; Suv4-20 h1: suppressor of variegation 4-20 h1; TAF1: TATA-binding protein (TBP)-associated factor; TFIIB: Transcription factor IIB; TIP60: Tat interacting protein (60 kD). 
Purpose Primer sequence (5'-3')  Forward Reverse. 
Primers used in this study. 
Functional clustering of transcription factor regulations associated genes differentially expressed in human ESCs treated with SU5402 or exogenous FGF-2. 
Functional clustering of molecular or biochemical pathways associated genes differentially expressed in human ESCs treated with SU5402 or exogenous FGF-2. 
Ovarian cancer cell lines CXCR4 expression CXCL12 expression References. 
CXCR4 and CXCL12 expression in human ovarian cancer cell lines. 
Ovarian carcinoma CXCR4 expression CXCL12 expression References. 
CXCR4 and CXCL12 expression in human ovarian carcinomas and tumor ascite cells. 
HCT116. 
Differentially expressed genes (>2 Fold) in response to HDACi in HCT116 colon cancer cells. 
HT29. 
Differentially expressed genes (>2 Fold) in response to HDACi in HT29 colon cancer cells. 
HCT116 HT29. 
Summary of changes in gene expression for the core set of HDAC inhibitor regulated genes. 
Gene   . 
qPCR Primer Sequences. 
Patient characteristics ( N = 37). 
Grade 1 Grade 2 Grade 3 Grade 4. 
Worst toxicity expressed as N (%) during CCRT (RTOG criteria). 
n Primary site Gender Age Response EGFR EGFR EGFR MET MET MET p-53 HPV-16 p16   (years)  (IHC) (FISH) (mRNA) (IHC) (FISH) (FISH) (IHC) (DNA) (IHC). 
Selected patient and tumor characteristics, EGFR, MET, p-53, HPV-16, and p16 status and response to CCRT. 
n = sample order number, M = man, W = woman. 
CR = complete response, PR = partial response, SD = stable disease, PD = progressive disease, NE = nonevaluable, ED = early death. 
LLG = low level gain, DI = disomy, HP = high polysomy, LP=low polysomy, TR = trisomy, AMPL = amplification. 
P = positive, N = negative, H = high, L = low, Undet. = undetermined by real time PCR. 
ERCC1 ERCC1 ERCC1 C8092A/ ERCC2- ERCC2- XRCC1- MMP9 n Primary site Gender Age Response (IHC) (mRNA) CD3EAP Q504K# 312# 751# 399# (mRNA). 
Selected patient and tumor characteristics and response to CCRT in comparison to excision repair genes and MMP9 status. 
n = sample order number; M = man; W = woman; H = high; L = low; P = positive; N = negative; # = genotypes from tumor tissue or from matched peripheral blood and tumor tissue samples, unless otherwise specified; ? = mismatched tumor/peripheral blood genotypes (tumor data are shown); * = peripheral blood data only; Undet. = undetermined by real time PCR. 
ERCC1 C8092A/              CD3EAP Q504K ERCC2-312 Asn/Asp ERCC2-751 Lys/Gln XRCC1-399 Gln/Arg  (CAG/AAG) (AAC/GAC) (AAG/CAG) (CAG/CGG). 
Incidence of excision repair genotypes in head and neck cancer patients. Peripheral blood (PB) and tumor tissue (TT) data. 
Undet. = undetermined with real time PCR. 
GO term annotation Category HT p-value Enrichment. 
GO-analysis of gene expression alterations over time. 
The list of 925 significantly altered genes was submitted to GO analysis elucidating over-represented GO terms. HT p-value represents the hypergeometric test p-value score for each GO term. Enrichment represents the ratio of the number of times a GO term occurs in the significant gene list to the number of times this GO term exists in the list of the entire array. Selected categories for further analysis are shown in bold, italics. 
Family p-value % TF site containing promoters. 
Common TF motif families in cluster 2. 
Common statistically significant TF motif families found in proximal promoter sequences of genes contained in cluster 2, which are present in both mouse and human genomes. The column family refers to families of functionally similar motifs grouped together. The p-value is the probability to obtain a greater or equal number of sequences with a match in a random sample of the same size as the input sequence set. The percentage column depicts the percentage of genes in cluster 2 whose promoters have at least one match with the respective motif family. In each family identifier, V$ stands for "Vertebrates". Percentages and p-value calculations are based on mouse promoters. 
Copy Number Increase Copy number decrease  region size (bases) CNV (LN vs GFP) region size (bases) CNV (LN vs GFP) Chromosome Median range Median range Median range Median range. 
Tumor type1 No. Methylated (%)2 Unmethylated (%). 
Methylation in the CpG island encompassing the PTPRR isoform 1 start site in colorectal tumors. 
1 The normal mucosa counterpart was also analyzed for 21 samples (see Results). 
2 Positivity threshold: ? 5% alleles (see Methods). 
3 Associated with 8 of the 44 primary cancers listed above. 
Source Compounds (type) Mode of action tested* Refs. TI comments. 
Compounds selected as tyrosinase inhibitors by extraction from natural sources and the (possible) isolation and characterization of the active ingredients. 
Source Compounds (type) Mode of action tested( * )( ** ) Refs. TI PI other. 
New whitening agents from natural sources and their mode of action as tyrosinase inhibitor (TI), inhibitor of pigment synthesis (PI) or by other mechanisms. Azelaic acid, Kojic acid, Arbutin and Aloesin are often used as positive skin whitening agents. 
Modes of action tested; TI; tyrosinase inhibition, (c)competitive (u) uncompetitive (nc) non-competitive and (m) mixed mode; PI; pigment inhibition, SB; Streptomyces bikiniensis, B16 or other melanoma cultures, melan-a mouse melanocytes, nHEM; normal human epidermal melanocytes, SEM; skin equivalent model, (?)-msh; (?)-melanocyte stimulating hormone, UV; ultraviolet, GP; guinea pig + msh or uv induced pigmentation; CT; tested in clinical trial. 
Comparison of effects on tyrosinase inhibition (TI) and pigmentation inhibition (PI) are mostly done in comparison to Arbutin (Arb), Kojic acid (KA) Ascorbic Acid (AA) and phenylthiourea (PTU). Other modes of action; AO; antioxidant; TE; tyrosinase expression (mRNA), MT; melanosome transport; 8OHdg = 8 hydroxy deoxy guanosine. 
Company Product Ingredients Documentation; in Vitro/in Vivo Effect. 
Limited selection of whitening products available on the market with some information on active ingredients. 
Culture Vessel Surface Area (cm2) Buffer Volume (ml). 
Volumes of buffer required for protocol scale up according to culture vessel surface area. 
Characteristics of TRAPs. 
Tumor Differentiation RalA Expression Total Above Median Below Median. 
Microarray data was sorted by differentiation status (poor vs. better than poor) and sub-classified based on RalA expression relative to the median for the entire sample set. p = 0.157 by Fisher's exact test. 
G ene Forward Primer Reverse Primer Anneling temprature (X) C ycle (Y). 
List of primers employed for RT-PCR. 
Origin Gene regulation Serum levels Affinity for insulin/IGF family members Function. 
Normal physiological role of insulin/IGF family members. 
Insulin/IGF components No. of patients Modulation Reference. 
Tissue expression modulations of the insulin/IGF system in ovarian cancer. 
EOC: epithelial ovarian cancer. 
Insulin/IGF components No. of patients Modulation Reference. 
Circulating protein levels of the insulin/IGF system in ovarian cancer. 
EOC: epithelial ovarian cancer. 
Case Gender Histology Grade Site BRAF mutations P-ERK1/2 * MCL-1 * P-ERM *. 
Characteristics of OS case series. 
Gender, histological subtypes, grading, site of tumor origin, immunohistochemical results of P-ERK1/2, MCL- 1 and P-ERM expression and BRAF exon 15 mutations of each osteosarcoma samples from patients. intensity of expression: (-)< 10% positive cells scored -, 10-50% positive cells scored +;> 50% positive cells and high staining intensity scored ++). 
Cell line IC50 (?M) Confidence Intervals (?M). 
Concentrations of sorafenib inhibiting 50% of OS cell line proliferation. 
IC50 values (?M) and relative 95% confidence intervals obtained after 72 hours of sorafenib exposure.* IC50: Sorafenib concentration inhibiting 50% of the cell line proliferation. 
Epithelial ovarian tumors (90%) Mostly diagnosed after the age of 50 . Germ cell neoplasm (3%) Mostly diagnosed under the age of 30 Gonado-stromal tumors (6%) No particular pattern with age. 
Classification of ovarian tumors. 
Metastatic tumors: Ovaries may have tumors due to secondary metastatis of stomach, colon, pancreas, appendix, breast, and hematopoietic system. 
Stage Features % 5 year Survival. 
Stage and Features of the Ovarian Tumors. 
Gene Normal Ovary Borderline (Mucinous) Low Stage (Stage 1-2) High Stage (Stage 3-4) Detection method. 
Comparative expression profile of mucins in different stages and histological types of ovarian cancer. 
Note: C, M, E, and S are abbreviated for clear cell, mucinous, endometroid and serous histological types of ovarian tumors, respectively. 
ISH, in-situ hybridization; NB, northern blotting; IHC, immunohistochemistry, TMA, tissue microarray, OMA, oligonucleotide microarray. 
Antibody targeting Vaccines    Antibody-based Antigen-based Cell-based. 
Some mucin-based and other emerging therapies for ovarian cancer treatment [ 88 - 94 ]. 
Stage of the disease Phase Intervention Trial number. 
Ongoing studies with bevacizumab (BEV) in ovarian cancer. 
Studies were accessed from http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ on May 17, 2009. 
IV = intravenous, IP = intraperitoneal. 
Agent Targets Phase Intervention Stage of the disease Trial number. 
Ongoing trials with multitargeted tyrosine kinase inhibitors in ovarian cancer. 
Studies were accessed from http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ on May 17, 2009. 
VEGFR = vascular endothelial growth factor receptor, PDGFR = platelet-derived growth factor receptor,. 
GenBank Accession number Enzyme Signalling pathway NrSeq€ Fold change P -value£. 
Signal transduction-related transcripts exhibiting differential expression between original parental line (OHB) and trait-deteriorated (inbred) line (L5M) in Heterorhabditis bacteriophora . 
€Number of differentially expressed sequences mapped to a given signalling pathway. 
£According to student t-test; P < 0.05. 
Gene Name Symbol Ct: galectin-1 siRNA-transfected (siGal1) Scrambled siRNA: siGal1. 
Genes involved in integrin trafficking and export whose expression is modified following galectin-1 small interfering RNA (siRNA) treatment. 
Galectins Structures Cell types expressing and influenced by galectins in glioma context Biological functions in gliomas Presumed mechanism of action in glioma context Intracellular (IC) or extracellular (EC) role References. 
Biological functions of galectins in gliomas. Abbreviation: CRD = carbohydrate-recognition domain. 
Human Cells Mouse Cells. 
Not required , gene expression is dispensable for oncogene-induced cell cycle arrest and senescence. Required , loss of gene expression overcame oncogene-induced cell cycle arrest. 1IMR90 cells senesce with longer telomeres and have higher basal levels of p16INK4a than BJ cells [64, 73]. 2Fibroblasts from melanoma prone individuals with germline mutations inactivating p16INK4a. 3Loss of gene expression delayed or reduced oncogene-induced cell cycle arrest or SA-?-Gal activity. 4Loss of gene expression reduced oncogene-induced formation of SAHF. 5Overexpression of gene partially suppresses oncogene-induced SA-?-Gal activity. 6IL-6 expression is induced by oncogenic B-RAF in human melanocytes. 
Population Marker and parameter WT Nfil3 ?/?. 
Comparison of blood cell parameters in WT and Nfil3 ?/? mice. 
Data shown are the mean ± SD of nine independent experiments using mice of 6–8 wk of age. No significant differences in the indicated cellular distributions were observed between WT and Nfil3 ?/? mice (unpaired Student's t test). 
Mixed lineage kinase 3 (MLK3)  Mutational status Type of mutation  Wild-type, n (%) Mutant, n (%) Missense, n (% total mut) Frameshift/nonsense, n (% total mut). 
Frequency of cases with MLK3 mutations found in MSI and MSS gastrointestinal tumours and cell lines. 
The frequency of MLK3 mutations found in primary MSI gastrointestinal tumours (24/114) is significantly different from the frequency of MLK3 mutations in primary MSS tumours (1/60) ( P = 0.0005). P -value was calculated using Fishe?s exact test and P < 0.05 was taken as statistically significant. 
MSS, microsatellite stable; MSI, microsatellite unstable; CRC, colorectal cancer; GC, gastric cancer. 
Tumour type Mut Case MLK3 alterations Other alterations Missense mutations Frameshift and nonsense mutations Exon Nucleotide change Amino acid change KRAS BRAF Altered MMR gene. 
Type of MLK3 mutations and association with other genetic alterations in hereditary and sporadic MSI gastrointestinal tumours and colorectal cancer cell lines. 
c, coding DNA; p, protein; X, stop codon; >, substitution; del, deletion; ins, insertion; nd, not determined—patients fulfilled the clinical criteria. 
Assembly Number of sequences Number of contigs Number of singlets Average contig length (bp) Average singlet length (bp) Total length of sequences (Mbp). 
Annotation of sequence. 
All the sequences shown have e-value less than 3.5E-17. 
Annotation of sequence Annotation of sequence. 
All the sequences shown have e-value less than 8.2E-16. 
Annotation of sequence Annotation of sequence. 
All the sequences shown have e-value less than 1.0E-35. The asterisk indicates genes commonly found in ovary ESTs but not in intact limb ESTs [unpublished data]. 
Identified Protein MW (kDa) Pept. Total NCBI GI Number References. 
The table shows proteins identified with a significant Mascot score in GST-Rab4-GTP pull-downs from pig brain extracts. The list is corrected for background proteins, which were identified in a control GST-Rab4-GDP and GST pull-down. For each identified protein, the list is filtered for duplicates and shows only the hits with identified peptides. 
No. of patient Promoter methylation status Frequency of methylationincidence         Methylated Unmethylated  . 
Correlation between RASSF1A promoter methylation and clinicopathological index in NPC. 
Immunosuppressive agent Target pathway. 
Commonly used immunosuppressive agents in liver transplantation and their target pathways. 
Side effects of corticosteroids. 
Glucocorticoid Dose (milligrams). 
Equivalent doses of steroids. 
Immunosuppressive agent Target pathway. 
Investigational immunosuppressive agents in liver transplantation. 
Protein spot No. Peptide sequence obtained by tandem mass spectrometry Identification of protein Localization Mr (kDa) pI. 
Identification of endonuclein interacting proteins by peptide sequencing using tandem mass spectrometry. 
*Determined by laser scanning confocal microscopy in present work. 
High penetrance, Low penetrance, Low penetrance, low frequency low frequency High frequency. 
Genetic loci implicated in hereditary, familial, and sporadic breast cancer susceptibility. 
Expression Status of p16 in Squamous Cervical Carcinoma. 
cGIN, cervical glandular intraepithelial neoplasia; CA, Cervical adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; CIN, cervical intraepithelial neoplasia; LSIL, low-grade squamous intraepithelial; HSIL, high-grade squamous intraepithelial; IC, invasive carcinoma; CIS, carcinomas or carcinoma in situ; GCA, genital condyloma acuminate; DC, dysplasia of the cervix; LR-HPV, low-risk HPV; MSP, methylation-specific PCR; PCR-SSCP, polymerase chain reaction-single strand conformation polymorphism. 
Expression Status of Cyclin D1 in Squamous Cervical Carcinoma. 
CIN, cervical intraepithelial neoplasia; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; LSIL, low-grade squamous intraepithelial; HSIL, high-grade squamous intraepithelial; LR HPV, low risk HPV; HR HPV, high risk HPV; CI, cyclin index; RT-PCR, real-time polymerase chain reaction. a not published. *Authors of this review. 
Percentage Number Location. 
The location of basal cell carcinoma. 
Margins      Positive Negative. 
HPV positivity in basal cell carcinoma lesions and their margins. 
P > 0.05, power > 90%. 
Margins       Negative Positive. 
HPV positivity in basal cell carcinoma lesions and in their margins in women and men separately. 
P > 0.05, power > 90%. 
In vivo models of metastasis in which ?6 integrins were targeted or manipulated. 
Abbreviations: Ab, antibody; shRNA, short hairpin RNA. 
aMDA-MB-435 cells originally believed to be breast carcinoma appear to be melanoma-like. 
?-6/?-3 ratio. 
Fatty acid ratio (?-6/?-3) in wild-type and fat-1 mice. 
Genes whose expression is down-regulated Genes whose expression is up-regulated. 
Genes whose expression is altered in transgenic fat-1 mouse (see Ref. [ 46 ]). 
Down-regulated proteins Fold change. 
Proteins that are either upregulated or downregulated in the brain of fat-1 transgenic mouse (see Ref. [ 46 ]). 
Parameter Wild type Fat-1 mouse. 
Proposed differences between the wild type and Fat-1 mouse. 
CHD = Coronary heart disease. 
Inflammatory diseases * include: rheumatological conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, scleroderma, ankylosing spondylitis, vasculitis, interstitial lung disease, etc; neurological conditions such as stroke, Huntington's disease, Alzheimer's disease, depression, schizophrenia, familial and non-familial neurodegenerative conditions, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, bulbar palsy, pseudobulbar palsy, inflammatory diseases of the bowel such as ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, Celiac disease, etc., psoriasis, glomerulonephritis, atherosclerosis, Parkinson's disease, hepatitis both specific and non-specific types, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, osteoporosis and all other conditions in which inflammation plays a role. 
? Indicates normal frequency or incidence of the disease. 
In the Fat-1 mouse, all the diseases enumerated above either will be less common or when they are induced or occur will run a much milder course compared to the severity of the disease seen in the wild type mouse. 
Marker Genetic LOD score at ? Z max ? max Distance (cM) 0.00 0.01 0.05 0.10 0.20 0.30 0.40. 
Two-point linkage analysis between the HGF locus and chromosome 2p markers. 
aThe physical map of chromosome 2 (NCBI draft sequence of the human genome, build 36.3) indicates that D2S2201 localizes centromeric to D2S220, contrasting with the Marshfield genetic map of chromosome 2. 
Gene Symbol Gene title Comment. 
Deregulated genes in lung SCC signatures and the SOX2-squamous signature (from Table S4 ) were selected based on their known function related to cancer or correlation to patient prognosis in the scientific literature. 
Therapy Molecular target Metabolite changes in cells Metabolite changes in vivo/ex vivo References. 
Summary of MRS studies used to assess response to different classes of molecular-targeted therapies in pre-clinical tumour models. 
Abbreviations: F1,6BP=fructose 1,6-bisphosphate; GPC=glycerophosphocholine; GPE=glycerophosphoethanolamine; G3P=glycerol 3-phosphate; G6P=glucose-6-phosphate; NAD=nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide; NTP=nucleotide triphosphate; PCr=phosphocreatine; PC=phosphocholine; Pi=inorganic phosphate; PME=phosphomonoester. 
Parameter Number of patients 5-yr DFS % HR (95% CI) P -value a 5-yr OS % HR (95% CI) P -value a. 
Univariate survival analysis for p-EGFR and EGFR staining intensity. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; DFS, disease-free survival; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HR, hazard ratio; MMR, mismatch repair; OS, overall survival. 
Score P -value stratified by adjuvant study. 
  Phospho-EGFR intensity ( N =388) EGFR intensity ( N =361) Characteristic Absent (0) ( N =231) Weak/Moderate (1+, 2+) ( N =157) P -value b Other (0, 1+, 2+) ( N =301) Strong (3+) ( N =60) P -value b. 
Association of EGFRa and phospho-EGFR expression with clinicopathologic variables. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; MMR, mismatch repair. 
Data are for membranous EGFR staining. 
Chi-square P -value. 
1, 2 (well/moderate); 3, 4 (poor/undifferentiated). 
Wilcoxon's rank-sum P -value. 
190 cases with p-EGFR and Ki67, caspase-3. 
189 cases with p-EGFR and caspase-3?:?Ki67 ratio. 
Variable Hazard ratio (95% CI) P -value a. 
Multivariate analysis of EGFR intensity as a continuous variable. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; MMR, mismatch repair. 
Likelihood ratio P -value. 
Virulence determinant Model Reference. 
Virulence determinants which have been demonstrated to play a role in the pathology of experimental S. aureus bone infections. Most studies have utilised the murine model of septic arthritis. 
A, arthritis; O, osteomyelitis. 
Compound Colony diameter (mm) % growth. 
The growth of A. nidulans FGSC4A in response to treatment with PAF (100 ?g ml?1), caffeine (20 mM), CFW (100 ?g ml?1) or a combination of PAF plus caffeine or PAF plus CFW after 72 h of incubation at 37°C. 
The % of growth was calculated from % changes in radial growth of compound-treated samples compared with untreated controls (= 100%). Colony diameters are given as mean ± SD ( n = 5). 
RKIS1 ? pkaA Compound Colony diameter (mm) % growth Colony diameter (mm) % growth. 
The growth of A. nidulans ? pka and its respective isognenic control strain RKIS1 in response to treatment with PAF (20 and 100 ?g ml?1), caffeine (10 and 20 mM), or a combination of PAF plus caffeine after 48 h of incubation at 37°C. 
The % of growth was calculated from % changes in radial growth of compound-treated samples compared with untreated controls (=100%). Colony diameters are given as mean ± SD ( n = 5). 
Strains Relevant genotype Source or reference. 
Fungal strains used in this study. 
Small intestine Colon Lesion/tumor Pat. No. Sex Age Pathology (Tumor staging) Fc?RI-? Def. 5 Fc?RI-? Def. 5 Fc?RI-? Def. 5. 
n.d., not determined; n.a., not applicable; Pc, Paneth cell staining; M, Membrane staining; sV, single cell staining in villi; V, all villus epithelium. 
Small intestine Colon Lesion/tumor Pat. No. Fc?RI-? Fc?RI-? Fc?RI-? Fc?RI-? Fc?RI-? Fc?RI-? Fc?RI-? Fc?RI-? Fc?RI-?. 
n.a., not applicable;. 
Gene Name Forward Primer (5'-3') Reverse Primer (5'-3') Product size (bp) Primer location relative to TSS (bp) Ref. 
MSP primers. 
*exon 1. 
**promoter. 
HMEC vHMEC vector ras ras0.5 184-A1 MCF-10A MCF-7 MDA-231. 
Methylation-specific PCR analysis of genes methylated in the human mammary epithelial cell progression model and in mammary cell lines. 
SFRP1 * Methylation status of the CpG island located in exon 1 is shown. 
Sample Description RASSF1A SFRP1. 
Description of normal, premalignant, and malignant breast tissues utilized for MSP analysis along with methylation status of RASSF1A and SFRP1 in each tissue. 
ADH = atypical ductal hyperplasia; CCL = columnar cell lesion; DCIS = ductal carcinoma in situ; IDC = invasive ductal carcinoma; ER = estrogen receptor; U = unmethylated; M = methylated. For SFRP1 , methylation status of the CpG island located in exon 1 is shown. 
Protein ID Protein Function Expression Ratio tor1 /wt. 
Cytokines concentration (+/- SD)  IL-2 IFN-? IL-4 IL-10. 
PBMC from 3 HLA-A0201 HD were stimulated twice in vitro with LB1319-MEL cells untreated (NT); or pretreated with 50 UI/mL hIFN-? (IFN); 10 µM GGTI-298 (GGTI); or the combination of 50 UI/mL hIFN-? and 10 µM GGTI-298 (IFN+GGTI) as indicated. 24h after the second in vitro stimulation, cytokine secretions in the culture supernatants were measured by Multi-Plex human cytokine assays. Results are illustrated in pg/mL for secretions of IFN-?, IL-2, IL-4 and IL-10. Data are shown as mean (+/? standard deviation) of duplicate values and were obtained from one donor representative of the two others giving comparable results. 
Percentage (%) of cells CD8+ and MART1/HLA-A2+ Fold Induction (FI) of cells CD8+ and MART1/HLA-A2+  HD1 HD2 HD3 HD1 HD2 HD3. 
PBMC from 3 HLA-A0201 HD were stimulated twice in vitro with LB1319-MEL cells untreated (NT); or pretreated with 50 UI/mL hIFN-? (IFN); 10 µM GGTI-298 (GGTI); or with a combination of 50 UI/mL hIFN-? and 10 µM GGTI-298 (IFN+GGTI) as indicated. At the end of the culture period, PBMC were stained with FITC-conjugated anti-CD8 monoclonal antibody and with PE-conjugated MART-1/HLA-A2 tetramers. Percentages of double positive CD8+ and MART-1/HLA-A2 tetramers+ PBMC are shown. Fold induction between double positive CD8+ and MART-1/HLA-A2+ cells obtained after co-culture with untreated or pre-treated LB1319-MEL cells is shown. We defined the percentage of double positive cells obtained with the untreated melanoma cells (NT) as equal to 1 and compared this to the values obtained in the other culture conditions. 
Clinicopathologic Characteristics of the 44 Patients with Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma. 
*classified according to the American Joint Committee on Cancer classification. 
Relationship between p16 Protein Expression and Clinicopathologic Characteristics of the Patients with Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma. 
Relationship between Aberrant p53 Protein Expression and Clinicopathologic Characteristics of the Patients with Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma. 
Locus Chromosome location Gene Protein Cellular localisation Function. 
MCPH genes, proteins, localisations and functions a. 
The HGNC name is highlighted in bold for each gene, although the most common alternatives are also given. 
Gene Symbol Forward primer 5?-3? Reverse primer 5?-3? AmpliconSize(bp). 
GO term and Gene Symbol * Transcription Factors Probability **. 
*Genes that clustered together and occurred within the same GO term. 
**Significant probability of the binding of the respective transcription factors to the indicated sets of genes. 
FP: Forward Primer. 
RP: Reverse Primer. 
Poistions of alterations in the mutated oligonucleotides within the binding motifs are shown by bold and underlined bases. 
Sequence identity Protein interaction Ligand Overlap bind site domain. 
The overlap (Eqn 2) between each ligand and protein interface is shown along with the sequence identity of the ligand binding site and the full-length domain sequence. (d) refers to inter-molecular domain–domain, (p) refers to domain–peptide interactions, and (*) indicates ligands that were present at domain interfaces. 
PRRs Location MAMPs MAMPs   Non Viral Ligands Viral Ligands. 
Pattern recognition receptors (PRRs), microbial-associated molecular patterns (MAMPs), and expression patterns (see, [ 3 , 12 , 14 ]). 
Abbreviations: dsRNA: double-stranded RNA; EBV: Epstein-Barr virus; ECMV: encephalomyocarditis virus; GPI: glycosylphosphatidylinositol; HA: hemagglutinin; HCV: hepatitis C virus; HCMV: human cytomegalovirus; HIV: human immunodeficiency virus; HSP: heat-shock protein; HSV: herpes simplex virus; LPS: lipopolysaccharide; MCMV: murine cytomegalovirus; MMTV: mouse mammary tumor virus; RSV: respiratory syncytial virus; ssRNA: single-stranded RNA; VSV: vesicular stomatitis virus. 
ITAFS Effect on IRES activity IRES targets Functions in RNA metabolism. 
RNA-binding proteins interacting with viral IRES. 
*No effect, #suppression. 
MicroRNA mRNA Target References. 
Key Regulatory Cell Cycle Components Experimentally Determined to be Targeted by microRNAs. 
Patient demographics and clinical characteristics of primary ccRCC screening set. 
Gene Initial Screen Mutations Follow-up Screen Mutations Additional RCC cell line mutations * Total mutations. 
Mutation summary of highlighted genes in ccRCC. 
no matching normal sequence available, presumptive somatic mutation. ND=not done. Detailed mutation annotation can be found in Supplementary Table 8. 
Clone group Homology (accession number) Size (bp) E-value Clone numbers. 
Clones identified by Y3H screening using the tandem SH2-domain of SmTK4 as bait (SmTK4-SH2SH2 + SmTK3-TK pBridge). From the 77 initial prey clones obtained after library screening (mating) 14 clones resisted subsequent selection strategies, and their inserts were sequenced. BLASTX analyses showed that these clones represented four groups (A–D); a nonsense mRNA reducing factor (NORF1, group A), a dipeptidyl peptidase III (group B), a novel Src kinase (SmTK6) with similarity to the Src/Fyn kinase SmTK5 (group C), and the already known schistosome Src kinase SmTK3 (group D). To depict the e-values of the candidate clones, of which only partial sequences were obtained from the Y2H library, the full-length cDNA sequences (fl) of the clones were identified in the genome data set of the S. mansoni sequencing project ( [6] ; www.sanger.ac.uk , www.genedb.org ), or in the NCBI database ( www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov ) and used for BlastX analyses. The sizes of the full-length sequences, the appropriate e-values, and the yeast clone numbers are given. 
Clone group Homology (accession number) Size (bp) E-value Clone numbers. 
Clones identified by Y3H library screening using the linker region combined with the TK-domain of SmTK4 as bait and separately the TK domain of SmTK3 (SmTK4-linker+TK + SmTK3-TK pBridge). From the 72 initial prey clones obtained following library screening (mating) 19 clones remained positive after further selection procedures. From these clones the preys were isolated, their inserts sequenced, and after BLASTX analyses arranged into five groups (A–E) due to their homologies. The last group contains the clones showing no significant homology in the BLAST analyses (group E). The other four groups represent proteins with homology to small HSPs as well as to the schistosome major egg antigen Smp40 (group A), a caspase 3 (group B), a MAPK-activating protein (group C), and a leucine-rich protein with homology to mapmodulin (group D). To depict the e-values of the candidate clones, of which only partial sequences were obtained from the Y2H library, the full-length cDNA sequences (fl) of the clones from group A–D were identified in the genome data set of the S. mansoni sequencing project ( [6] ; www.sanger.ac.uk , www. genedb.org ), or in the NCBI database ( www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov ) and used for BlastX analyses. The sizes of the full-length sequences, the appropriate e-values, and the clone numbers are given. 
Tannin 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15. 
Ellagitannin monomers found in the Myrtales. 
Family Plant species C -Glycosidic tannins Ref. 
C -Glycosidic ellagitannins in the order Myrtales. 
Biological activity Compound (source) Ref. 
Biological activities of ellagitannins found in the Myrtales. 
L. speciosa: Lagerstroemia speciosa. 
Substance groups Derivatives Isotype. 
Overview of frequently used histone deacetylase inhibitors that are available for clinical and research purposes. 
Class I: HDAC1, -2, -3 and -8; class IIa: HDAC4, -5, -7, and -9; class IIb: HDAC 6, and -10; class III: SIRT1-7; class IV: HDAC11. 
HDACI Cell line ED50 (M). 
Data investigating endometrial cancer cell lines treated with different classes of HDACIs. 
Patients Age (years) Gender Location Infiltrated tissues (on MRI and/or CT) Infiltrated tissues (pathological examination) Recurrence WHO grade Pathology subtype MIB-1 Mitoses in 10 fields (40×). 
Location (F?=?frontal, T?=?temporal, P?=?parietal, PF?=?posterior fossa, SB?=?skull base); infiltrated tissues (nd?=?no identification possible on pathological examination as the tumor removal concerned its extension outside the invaded sinus; hence infiltration was stated on MRI or CT data only; sup longitudinal sinus?=?superior longitudinal sinus); WHO grade (II*?=?grade II according to the number of mitoses per field (Perry1999)11; pathology subtype (M?=?meningothelial, Mi?=?microcystic, T?=?transitional, P?=?psammomatous, S?=?secretory). 
Training set Testing set Total. 
Characteristic No of patients ( n =52) %. 
Patient and tumour characteristics at baseline. 
Abbreviation: ECOG=Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group. 
  No. of patients (%) ( n =51) Toxicity Grade 1–2 Grade 3–4 Total. 
Haematological and non-haematological toxicities (National Cancer Institute Common Toxicity Criteria, Version 3.0). 
Response according to RECIST No. of patients %. 
Anti-tumour activity (evaluable patients, n =46). 
Abbreviation: RECIST=Response Evaluation in Solid Tumours. 
  EGFR detectable EGFR non-detectable. 
Clinical outcome according to EGFR immunohistochemistry. 
Abbreviations: CR=complete response; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; PR, partial response; SD=stable disease. 
System Complex Arf1 Arno Arno. 
, in . 
after C superposition of the indicated species. 
after C superposition on Arf1. 
System Interface     Arf1-Arno Arno-GDP. 
interface area in . 
interaction energy in kcal/mol. 
System           . 
all values given in kcal/mol. 
L. longbeachae L. pneumophila  NSW 150 Paris Lens Philadelphia Corby. 
a Updated annotation; CDS ?=? coding sequence; in parenthesis data from plasmids. 
L. longbeachae     NSW 150 ATCC39462 98072 C-4E7. 
*N50 contig size, calculated by ordering all contig sizes and then adding the lengths (starting from the longest contig) until the summed length exceeds 50% of the total length of all contigs (half of all bases reside in a contiguous sequence of the given size or more);. 
**for SNP detection. 
L. pneumophila L. longbeachae Name Description Phila-1 Paris Lens Corby NSW150 A B C  . 
*pseudogene, lpp1612a et 1612b; A: L. longbeachae strain ATCC39462; B: 98072; C: C-4E7. 
NSW150 ATCC39462 98072 c-4E7 Motif A B C. 
(A) Presence of a hydrophobic residue or a proline in positions -3 or -4 according to [35] . (B) Enrichment in amino acids that have small side-chains (alanine, glycine, serine and threonine) at positions -8 to -2 according to [36] . (C) Percentage of Polar aminoacids that are favored at positions ?13 to +1 according to [36] . 
Gene Annotation SignalP Predicted localization (PSORTb+) ATCC39462 98072 c-4E7 Homology with L. pneumophil a. 
frameshift at the N-terminus. 
+ PSORTb bacterial protein localization prediction tool ( http://www.psort.org/psortb/ ). 
Cases vWF (number of vessels/mm2) ?-SMA (number of vessels/mm2) VEGF (% of positive staining cells) Flk-1 (% of positive staining cells) ED-1 (number of macrophage/mm2). 
Histological scores of Von Willebrand Factor (vWF), alpha-Smooth Muscle Actin (?-SMA), Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor (VEGF), Kinase Domain Receptor (Flk-1) and ED-1-macrophage in eutopic endometrium and endometriotic lesions after15 and 30 days. 
a P < 0.05 (the scores for all markers are significantly higher in endometriotic lesions compared to eutopic endometrium). 
b P < 0.05 (the scores are significantly higher in endometriotic lesions after 30 days for ?-SMA compared to lesions with 15 days). 
Values are mean ± standard error. 
Genetic changes associated with biological features in sporadic colorectal cancers. 
*Location: R, ceceum to splenic flexure of transverse colon, L, splenic flexure of transverse colon to sigmoid colon, P, rectum; AJCC stage, cancer staging according to the American Joint Committee on Cancer (6th ed., 2001); Differentiation, WD, MD, PD, and muc, well-, moderately-, poorly-differentiated, and mucinous; LVN invasion, lymphovascular or neural invasion of tumor cells (Am J Surg Pathol 2003; 27(5);563-70); †Includes RAF V600E mutation, RAS codons 12 and 13 mutations, and MEK-suppressed alterations; ‡Both APC/Wnt-activated and MMR/RAF-mediated alterations. 
MMR, mismatch repair; APC, adenomatous polyposis coli. 
mRNA expression of invasion-related genes in association biological features in sporadic colorectal cancers. 
*, mRNA expression of tumor/mRNA expression of normal epithelium, >1; Location: R, cecum to splenic flexure of transverse colon, L, splenic flexure of transverse colon to sigmoid colon, P, rectum; AJCC stage, cancer staging according to the American Joint Committee on Cancer (6th ed., 2001); Differentiation, WD, MD, PD, and muc, well-, moderately-, poorly-differentiated, and mucinous; LVN invasion, lymphovascular or neural invasion of tumor cells. 
CEA, carcinoembryonic antigen; MMP, matrix metalloproteinases; VEGFA, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Differential mRNA expression of invasion-associated genes associated with genetic alterations in sporadic colorectal cancers. 
*, mRNA expression of tumor/mRNA expression of normal epithelium, >1; †, Both APC/Wnt-activated and MMR defects/RAF-mediated alterations. CEA, carcinoembryonic antigen; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; VEGFA, vascular endothelial growth factor; APC, adenomatous polyposis coli. 
Cancers Micro rna let-7 family members References. 
Deregulation of micro rna let-7 family members in various cancers. 
Cancer Micro rna let-7 Model used References Expression Targets Effect on targets. 
Micro rna let-7 targets in various cancers. 
fgfr = fibroblast growth factor receptor; ? = downregulation. 
Cell Line Cancer Type P53 Status. 
Human tumor cell lines. 
a [ 42 ], b [ 43 ], c [ 44 ], d [ 45 ], e [ 46 ]. 
Drug Cell line EC50 (?M)   Untreated Electroporated Control siRNA XIAP siRNA. 
Sensitivity of XIAP depleted HCT-116, SW-620 and PC-3 tumor cells to various mechanistically distinct anti-cancer agents. 
Potency (EC50) determinations from the dose response curves in Figure 5 (HCT-116 and SW-620) and Additional File 5 (PC3) were determined using non-linear regression and a least squares fit (GraphPad Prism software). 
Characteristics Mitotic catastrophe Senescence. 
Comparison between senescence and mitotic catastrophe. 
Subject Number % Senescent Cells ** Age (years) Gender Site Thompson Grade. 
Demographic Features of Subjects and Percentages of Senescent Cells *. 
* * L, lumbar; S, sacral; C, cervical. 
** Determined from measurement of senescent cells (using SA-?-gal immunohistochemistry) on sections adjacent to those used for LCM. 
Gene Name Ratio/Fold Change Direction P value Gene Identifier. 
Senescence-Related Genes with Significant Differences in Gene Expression Levels in Senescent vs. Non-Senescent Annulus Cells. 
Gene Name Ratio/Fold Change Direction P value Gene Identifier. 
Cell Proliferation or Cell Cycle Genes with Significant Expression Differences in Senescent vs. Non-Senescent Annulus Cells. 
Cell Lines Schedule FA CI Effect. 
Effect of gefitinib and rofecoxib combination in MM cell lines according to the Chou and Talalay method. 
Note: G indicates gefitinib, R indicates rofecoxib, FA denotes the fraction of growth affect of drug-treated cells compared with control cells and CI denotes the combination index. 
Probe Set 1 Name 1 Change 1 Gene Description 1 Biological Process 2. 
ORGs Up-regulated 3-fold or Greater. 
1Affymetrix Data. 
2GeneInfoVis program [ 20 , 22 ]. 
MAPK Signaling p = 0.00006 3 Cytokine-Cytokine Receptor Interaction p = 0.006 Jak-STAT Signaling p = 0.06. 
ORG Signaling Pathways in MM Cells. 
1Gene symbol, Affymetrix data. 
2Gene description, Affymetrix data. 
3p values from [ 22 ]. 
Shared pathways. 
1 Pathway description. 
Gene name Symbol Quiescent versus TGF- ? 1+EGF. 
Transcript levels for select Cancer Pathway genes. 
General Preconditioning specific. 
Main futures of cerebral ischemic tolerance. 
Protection* (%) Follow-up** Ref. 
Amount of histological protection afforded by preconditioning in selected studies of focal cerebral ischemia. 
Ref, references; *Reduction in the ischemic damage due to preconditioning; **Time-point of the histopathological analysis after final ischemia. 
Case APC methylation † RASSF1A methylation † p16 INK4A methylation † RAR-? methylation † LINE-1 methylation † Genotypes * no. mean % (range) % mean % (range) % mean % (range) % mean % (range) % mean % (range) % MEN1 HRPT2. 
† ?=? Mean CpG methylation density in % (X% CpG1+Y% CpG2)n/n, range within parenthesis. 
n.d: not determined; wt ?=? wild-type, Mut (S/G) ?=? somatic/germline mutation. 
* Genotypes according to previous publications [3] , [43] – [44] . 
Parameter RASSF1A APC. 
n.s: not significant. 
Parameter  . 
n.a: not available. 
Stain % of cells with ruffles Ruffles per cell (+/- S.D.). 
Ruffle Summary Statistics. 
Spot Protein name GenBank accession number Mascot Score Organism homology and respective GenBank accession number Peptides sequences (LC MS/MS). 
Comparative analysis of proteins regulated in a control culture medium or in a stress medium inducing flocculosin synthesis in Pseudozyma flocculosa cells. 
*Similarity was found in the MIPS Ustilago maydis database http://mips.helmholtz-muenchen.de/genre/proj/ustilago. 
Inhibitor Company Phase Status. 
Small molecule MEK1/2 inhibitors in clinical trials. 
NPcis, fos (?/?)  Littermates  [NPcis, fos(+/+) and fos(+/?)]  Mouse lifespan tumor littermate tumor age (days) when % with (N°) (days) burden (N°) burden tumor was detected tumor. 
Tumor burden in all NPcis littermates was determined (or confirmed in the case detection was prior to sacrifice) at the time of death of the NPcis, fos (?/?) mice. No differences were observed in tumor burden between NPcis, fos (+/+) and NPcis, fos (+/?) mice which were pooled as a single group and compared to their NPcis, fos (?/?) littermate. Mean tumor incidence in the NPcis, fos (+/+) plus NPcis, fos (+/?) animals was 71.4% (n?=?13) contrasting with the 0% (n?=?6) found in the NPcis, fos (?/?) group. 
*v.a.s.: verified at sacrifice. 
Species    miRNA family H. sapiens M. musculus G. gallus D. melanogaster C. elegans Identity (%). 
List of miRNAs conserved among various bilaterian animals. 
H. sapiens M. musculus G. gallus D. melanogaster C. elegans Ratio of predicted miRNA/target-gene pairs (%) Ratio of experimentally verified miRNA/target-gene pairs (%) Enrichment. 
Summary of target gene extraction after each screening step. 
The total number of possible target genes for the five miRNAs ( let-7 , miR-1, miR-124, miR-125/lin-4 , and miR-34 ) is represented for the five model species at each screening step (see Figure 1). Asterisks indicate the number of orthologous genes conserved among at least four species. Enrichment was calculated as the "ratio of experimentally verified miRNA/target-gene pairs" divided by the "ratio of predicted miRNA/target-gene pairs". 
Target gene            ID Name Function let-7 miR-1 miR-124 miR-125/lin4 miR-34. 
Evolutionarily conserved genes regulated by miRNAs. 
List of conserved targets regulated by conserved miRNAs. Transcript of Band 4.1-like protein 4B is only regulated by two miRNAs ( miR-1 and miR-124 ). "*" and "**" indicates experimentally verified miRNA-mRNA and possible miRNA-mRNA candidates revealed by microarray data, respectively. 
Genotype Dose (Gy) Total number of clones scored Number of transformed clones Transformed clones (%). 
Transformation frequencies of unirradiated or irradiated cells differing in the status of Atm and Brca1 . 
Atm hz/ Brca1 wt Atm wt/ Brca1 hz Atm hz/ Brca1 hz. 
Comparisons of radiation induced transformation between MEFs of different genotypes vs. wild type MEFs. 
Relative transformation is defined as the ratio of the number of transformed clones per surviving hemizygous cells relative to the number of transformed clones per surviving wild type cells. The statistical significance of differences in transformation frequency between the various cells with hemizygous genotypes and wild type cells was analyzed by the Student's t-test. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Primer sequences used for the amplification of probe DNA. 
Total probe-sets Unique transcripts   Analysis up down total up down Total. 
Summary of probe sets found differentially regulated in all three systems of v-Src regulation. 
Number of transcripts differentially expressed in the Transformation-Regulated dataset (RCASBP(A), NY315, SR-A RSV analysis) and the ts NY72-4 RSV infected CEF and CNR cells is shown. Numbers under the total probe-sets heading indicate the total number of Affymetrix probe-sets hybridizing to differentially expressed transcripts, whereas unique transcripts do not include redundant probe-sets whose Entrez Gene and/or reference sequence ID were identical. 
#Input genes in pathway Corrected ? p-value    Pathway Name # genes in pathway TR CEF NY72-4 CNR NY72-4 TR CEF NY72-4 CNR NY72-4. 
Pathway Express output summary. 
Common pathways found to be dysregulated in the Transformation-Regulated (TR), CEF NY72-4 and CNR NY72-4 gene sets are shown. The number of genes in the pathway refers to the number of genes in the associated KEGG pathway (Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes, http://www.genome.jp/kegg/ ; [ 102 ]). Input genes refer to the number of differentially expressed genes that were found in that pathway. Corrected ? p-value is a measure of significance as calculated by Pathway Express. N.D. and N.S. indicate not determined and not significant (corrected ? p-value > 0.05) respectively. 
Gene symbol Gene name. 
v-Src aggressive tumor gene signature. 
Aggressive gene signature used as a predictor of poor prognosis as determined by hierarchal clustering enrichment regime (see text, Figure 5). 
Primer name Primer sequence. 
Site-directed mutagenesis (SDM) primers for Kirsten-Ras ( K-Ras ) mutation generation. 
Mutation Nucleotide change Amino acid change Frequency (%). 
Frequencies of hotspot and novel mutations in Kirsten-Ras ( K-Ras ) in colorectal tumours. 
The sequence change at codon 173 is a single-nucleotide polymorphism, not a tumour-specific mutation. 
    Fold change     Cluster 1 Cluster 2 Gene Gene function G12V G12C G12D G13D A146T K117N Q61H R164Q L19F. 
Summary of genes differentially expressed by the different Kirsten-Ras ( K-Ras ) mutations relative to NIH3T3 cells mock transfected with pEF vector. 
Abbreviation: ND=statistically significant fold change not detected. 
Gene Cell lines T-ALL (%) B-ALL (%) PB/BM controls Expression upregulation after 5azaDC. 
Summary of the promoter hypermethylation frequencies and expression analysis of candidate genes in ALL. 
The table summarises the genes showing a methylation frequency of 25% or above (with the exception of UBE2C and KNDC1 ) in either T or B-ALL or both, that were unmethylated or showed much lower frequency of methylation in control blood/bone marrow DNA. Also indicated are the genes showing upregulated expression in methylated leukemia cell lines (but were not upregulated in unmethylated cell lines) after 5-azaDC treatment ('YES' in the expression upregulation after 5-azaDC column). PB ; peripheral blood lymphocytes from healthy donors. BM ; bone marrow DNA from healthy donors. ND ; not determined. †; significantly differential methylation in T-ALL vs B-ALL. 
GENE CP BC. 
Genes showing differential methylation between chronic phase (CP) and blast crisis (BC) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). 
Gene Colorectal LUNG BREAST KIDNEY GLIOMA Prostate. 
Summary of the promoter hypermethylation frequencies in epithelial cancer cell lines. 
The table summarises all of the genes assessed for hypermethylation across cell lines from six epithelial cancers. The symbol * indicates genes showing methylation frequency of 50% or above in 3 or more epithelial cancer cell lines. 
Primers for 3'RACE   . 
List of primers used for 3'RACE, real time polymerase chain reaction (PCR), multiplex PCR, genotyping, and northern probe preparation. All primer sequences are in 5'-3' direction. 
Variable No. of cases. 
Only patients with paired samples (tumor and surrounding tissue) are described here. 
Vaccine-delivery systems Immunization against multiple antigens* Immunization against specified antigen(s). 
Vaccine-delivery systems. 
*Vaccine??formulation includes known and unknown antigens. 
Carcinoma antigens* Tumor-specific antigens Tumor-associated antigens. 
Human carcinoma antigens. 
*Included??is only a partial list of antigens for human carcinomas. 
Strategy. 
Strategies to enhance antitumor T-cell responses*. 
* Only a partial list is included here. 
DGC member Species Human/mice Expression domain Drosophila Expression domain (embryo). 
Compilation of the known expression domains of DGC components of human/mice and Drosophila. 
The data reviewed in this table are taken from [ 1 , 7 , 10 , 14 – 16 , 25 , 32 , 39 , 182 ]. 
Time Treatment Caco-2 SW-480 HT-29 P value. 
Comparative study of the percentage of viability among Caco-2, SW-480 and HT-29 cell lines at different time of treatments. 
Number of cases Age Cancer subtypes        Serous carcinoma Mucinous carcinoma Endometroid carcinoma Clear cell carcinoma Others*. 
Clinical characteristics and age distribution of study samples (serum samples) used for E2F5 and CA125 expression studies. 
Type of tissue Number of cases Number positive Percentage positive. 
Summary of Immunohistochemistry results for E2F5 antibody tested on OEC. 
Note: Stage I/II (E); Stage III/IV (L) and data not available 5. 
E2F5/CA125 E2F5/CA125 E2F5/CA125  Benign Early Late  Yes No Yes No Yes No. 
Details of E2F5/CA125 expression pattern on different subtypes of OEC performed using western blotting technique. 
Kstar classification (Our method) RMI > 200 criterion. 
Malignancy prediction using Kstar classification as well as using RMI index for ovarian cancer. 
With 13 features CA125 excluded from 13 features E2F5 excluded from 13 features RMI > 200. 
Diagnostic accuracy developed for ovarian cancer detection with 13 features using Kstar classification based on SMOTE algorithms. 
Variables Patients. 
Clinical and pathological characteristics of patients with NSCLC. 
Gene Name Primers (F, R) and probe (Z) sequences 5' ? 3' Amplicon lengh. 
Primers and probes for target and reference genes for expression levels and copy number studies. 
Clinical stage/Groups Frequency (FD) a and level of mRNA decrease (LD av ) b   RBSP3 (59 tumors) NPRL2 (59 tumors) RASSF1A (36 tumors)   AC SCC AC SCC AC SCC. 
The frequency of mRNA decrease (FD) and the average level of mRNA decrease (LDav). 
a -- Frequencies of expression decrease are shown as percentages. The number of cases with decreased expression and all tested samples are shown in parentheses. 
b -- Level of expression decrease in tumor samples is shown in n-fold relative to expression in normal controls. 
* -- cases when decrease of target gene expression (FD and LDav) in tumor samples relative to normal controls was statistically valid according to the non-parametric Wilcoxon test (P ? 0.05 -0.001). 
Bold font designates cases when: (i) FD and LDav for NPRL2 genes was more strongly pronounced in SCC than in AC samples according to the Mann -Whitney test (P = 0.002) and (ii) the difference of the FD and LDav for RASSF1A gene was statistically valid during AC progression according to the Mann -Whitney test (P < 0.05). 
Underlined italics highlights positive tendency of FD and LDav differences of RBSP3, NPRL2 and RASSF1A genes during progression (AC and SCC respectively). 
Groups a FD, (%)   RBSP3 /NPRL2/G21 RBSP3/ RASSF1A RASSF1A/ NPRL2/G21 RBSP3/NPRL2/G21 /RASSF1A. 
The frequencies of simultaneous mRNA level decreases (FD) for the combination of genes RBSP3, NPRL2/G21 and RASSF1A in different groups. 
aNumber of cases with reduced mRNA level/to all cases is shown in parenthesis. 
bGroup I without metastases, group II+III -- with metastases. 
cThe rs are the Spearmen's coefficient values of rank correlation. Bold designates the highest correlations between pairs of genes. P < 0.001 in all groups. 
Sample number qPCR b Not I-microarrays Possible reason of mRNA decrease  mRNA decrease a DNA copy number  . 
Comparison of qPCR data and NotI-microarrays for RBSP3 gene. 
a + deletion, - retention. 
b+ deletion and/or methylation, - no changes. 
Clinico-pathological feature  Frequency n (%). 
Characteristics of patients with mismatch repair-proficient colorectal cancer. 
*G1-G2: well and moderately differentiated tumours; G3: poorly differentiated tumors. 
VEGF-A/VEGFR1 VEGF-A/VEGFR2 VEGF-B/VEGFR1 VEGF-C/VEGFR2    P-value  P-value  P-value  P-value. 
VEGF-A/VEGFR1, VEGF-A/VEGFR2, VEGF-B/VEGFR1, and VEGF-C/VEGFR2 ratios and association with clinico-pathological features in mismatch repair-proficient colorectal cancer. 
Mean ± SD, median values. Kruskal Wallis or Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test. PM = pushing/expanding margin; IM = infiltrating margin; PTL = peritumoral lymphocytic. 
VEGF-C/VEGFR3 VEGF-D/VEGFR2 VEGF-D/VEGFR3    P-value  P-value  P-value. 
VEGF-C/VEGFR3, VEGF-D/VEGFR2, and VEGF-D/VEGFR3 ratios and association with clinico-pathological features in mismatch repair-proficient colorectal cancer. 
Mean ± SD, median values. Kruskal-Wallis or Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test. PM = pushing/expanding margin; IM = infiltrating margin; PTL = peritumoral lymphocytic. 
Feature  HR (95%CI) P-value HR (95%CI) P-value. 
Multiple Cox regression analysis of VEGFR1 adjusting for T stage, N stage, vascular invasion as well as post-operative adjuvant therapy. 
TF A Biofilm Planktonic Gain-of-function Loss-of-function. 
Construction of gain-of-function and loss-of-function subnetworks. 
The table demonstrates the gain-of-function and loss-of-function subnetworks construction shown in Figure 3. The gain-of-function and loss-of-function subnetworks were constructed by comparing the network structure of biofilm gene regulatory network with that of planktonic gene regulatory network via the comparison scheme. 
Systematic name TF* RV Adjusted p -value§ Literature evidence. 
Identification of potential C. albicans biofilm-related TFs. 
*The TF names are retrieved from CGD database http://www.candidagenome.org/ . 
§The adjusted p -values are obtained by Bonferroni correction. 
Target Drug Animal Model Results Reference. 
Some novel experimental therapies alter the severity of arthritis in animal models. 
†Type II Collagen-Induced Arthritis. 
‡FAM-atelocollagen + miR-15a. 
*Recombinant human TRAIL. 
**IL-1 ? -transfected human fibroblasts engrafted into rabbit synovial joint. 
Gene Species Sense Antisense. 
probeset gene SAM results * Leukaemic samples**   d-score FDR T1 T2 T3 B1 B2 B3 M E1 E2 E3 Mk1 MK2 Mk3. 
Genes specific to the erythroid and megakaryoblastic leukaemias. 
* SAM p-value less than 0,001 for every sample. 
** amplitude of deviation from the mean calculated from the RMA values. 
Probeset Gene SAM results Leukaemic samples * GSE 6593   d-score p-value FDR T1 T2 T3 B1 B2 B3 M E1 E2 E3 Mk1 Mk2 Mk3 . 
Genes over-expressed in the megakaryoblastic leukaemias. 
* amplitude of deviation from the mean calculated from the RMA values. 
** cell cycle/cell growth/development/angiogenesis/DNA repair/transcription regulation. 
ND (not determined), NS (not significant). 
Probeset Gene SAM results Leukaemic samples*   d-score p-value FDR T1 T2 T3 B1 B2 B3 M E1 E2 E3 Mk1 MK2 Mk3 E-CE G1E. 
Genes specific to the erythroid leukaemias. 
* amplitude of deviation from the mean calculated from the RMA values. 
** ratio E-CE: mean of the deviation of E1, E2 and E3/erythroid control value. 
*** cell cycle/cell growth/development/angiogenesis/DNA repair/transcriptionregulation. 
Sample Chromosome Genome Upstream genes* Integra-tion within a gene Downstream genes*. 
Graffi-virus integration sites in the megakaryoblastic leukaemias. 
* the 2 most proximal genes located at a maximum distance of 500kb upstream (5') or downstream (3') of the integration site. 
** genes present in the RTCGD database. 
Characteristic Patients (n = 78). 
Description of the patient population and biomarker expression. 
pGSK-3? (+) pGSK-3? (-)    No (%) No (%) x 2 value P value. 
Correlation between pGSK-3? ( s 9) expression and PMS2 expression in cervical carcinoma patients. 
Characteristic n %. 
Tumor characteristics of the 15 patients' primary carcinomas. 
mRNA forward primer reverse primer. 
Primers' sequences. 
Sequences of the primers used in reverse transcription semi-quantitative and quantitative PCR. GeneBank accession numbers are indicated for each transcript except for variant V where transcript ID from Vertebrate Genome Annotation (VEGA) database is shown. 
Characteristic n HAX1 (I) expression: HAX1 (II) expression:   median of relative over- expression (lower and upper quartile values) median of relative over- expression (lower and upper quartile values). 
Relation of HAX1 expression to breast cancer prognostic factors. 
* denotes a P-value of < 0.005. 
Relationship between the expression of the HAX1 splice variants I and II and established prognostic factors in breast cancer. Median of relative overexpression was calculated for each group (lower and upper quartile values in parenthesis). Statistical significance was denoted in the groups were the number of cases was sufficient to perform the Wilcoxon matched-pairs test (size, nodal status, ER, PR, HER2 status) and a P-value of < 0.05 was observed. 
Patient HAX-1 ER. 
IHC analysis confirms HAX-1 overexpression in tumors. 
Immunohistochemical analysis of the 15 matched pairs of normal/tumor samples shows in most cases significant overexpression of HAX-1 in tumors. Up-regulation was observed in cytoplasm as well as nuclei of the tumor cells. Staining intensity was estimated as follows: negative = 0; weak = 1; intermediate = 2; and strong = 3. Nuclear staining was categorized as negative or weak (0-1:"-") and intermediate-strong (2-3: "+"). Strong nuclear HAX-1 staining was associated with strong ER immunopositivity. Fisher's exact test indicates that nuclear staining of HAX-1 and ER is significantly related (P = 0.01). 
Trial identification Trial name Phase Sponsor Number of patients Status. 
Current trials involving zoledronic acid in conjunction with letrozole, actively recruiting or results awaited, in breast cancer patients. 
Patients may be also receiving chemotherapy or other endocrine agents, not exclusively letrozole, with or without zoledronic acid. 
Sources : UK clinical trials gateway (http:// www.controlled-trials.com ) and Clinicaltrials.gov (http:// www.clinicaltrials.gov.ct2/home ). 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Primers used for semi-quantitative RT-PCR. 
Functional classification Functional classification. 
A list of representative genes that are upregulated in PC12 (DN-Akt) cells compared to PC12 (WT-Akt) cells. 
Antibody (clone) Isotype Dilution Antigen retrieval Source. 
Gene name Primer name Primer sequence Concentration (nM). 
Number of genes FC ?2, p?0.05 Number of genes FC ?2, p?0.05 Biological process Downregulated Upregulated. 
Pathway/Probe ID Gene symbol Fold change. 
(Fold change: positive numbers indicate upregulated, whilst negative numbers depict downregulated transcripts). 
Gene Microarray fold change Q-PCR fold change (p value). 
The p value for the Q-PCR was calculated using an unpaired t test. 
Mutations detected with OncoCarta. 
Mutation No. Mutated Samples Frequency in Primary Tumor* in COSMIC† Multiple Mutations‡. 
Frequency of colon cancer mutations. 
*% of C-07 samples with this mutation. 
†Data from COSMIC for colon adenocarcinoma limited to the same mutations interrogated with OncoCarta. The mutations listed are only the ones found in C-07. Some COSMIC amino acid changes are not shown here if they were not mutated in C-07. 
‡% of samples with a mutation in the gene shown and at least one other mutation in C-07 samples. 
§COSMIC data are from large intestine, not specific to colon. 
Sequenom's Assay Name Amino Acid Change. 
ColoCarta panel. 
* HRAS _6 was included in panel but occurred in < 0.1% of samples. 
Double Mutation Frequencies   KRAS PIK3CA All other  Single Actual Expected Actual Expected Actual Expected. 
Single and double mutations in C-07. 
No of Samples KRAS/PIK3CA. 
KRAS/PIK3CA ratio mutation frequencies within primary tumors. 
Sample Mutations Mutant Allele Frequency Mutation Ratios   Primary Lymph Node Primary M1/M2 Lymph node M1/M2. 
Allele frequencies for primary tumors with two mutations and metastatic lymph nodes. 
Clinicopathological factors (N = 56) N (%). 
Patient characteristics. 
Gene Normal tissue from unaffected women (N = 9) Normal tissue from cancer patients (N = 56) Cancerous tissue (N = 56) P-value a P-value b. 
DNA methylation of 6 genes associated with breast carcinogenesis in normal and cancerous breast tissues. 
a Comparison between normal tissues from different sources. 
b Comparison between normal tissue from unaffected women and cancerous tissue. 
Median methylation ratios and range are shown. 
Gene T+ N+ T- N+ T- N- T+ N- Kappa P-value. 
Concordance between the methylation status of cancerous and matched normal breast tissues (N = 56). 
Abbreviations: T, tumor; N, normal. 
Primary tumors Sex Age Diagnosis Motility (?m/min). 
Motility of pancreatic cancer cells. 
PT = Primary Tumor; PDAC: pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, ACT: Acinar Tumor, IPMT: intraductal papillary mucinous tumor, PET: pancreatic endocrine tumor, MCT-CR: mucinous cystic tumor-carcinoma, AVC: ampulla Vateri cancer. Data calculated by evaluation of three microscopic fields containing an average of 10 cells. 
Mice n. S2-CP9 S2-m. 
Number of lung metastases in nude mice from subcutaneus implant of the subclones S2-CP9 and S2-m. 
Histotype Incidence. 
Correlation between incidence and histological type of TCs. 
Genes PTC FTC ATC. 
Prevalence of major genetic alterations in all of the TCs but MTC. 
RET receptor protein RET mutation CMT progression Level of the risk of progression. 
RET and MTC: Genotype-phenotype correlation. 
Blood malignancy miRNA Regulation References. 
Relevant miRNAs associated with leukemia. 
Type of solid cancer miRNA Function References. 
Overview of prominent miRNAs associated with solid cancers. 
Therapeutic modulation Chemical-biological characteristics Strategies Delivery system Clinical application References. 
Methodological characteristics of chemical and biological therapeutic tools*. 
*Abbreviations: GFP, green fluorescent protein; CMV, cytomegalovirus. 
1C3'-endo (beta-D-LNA) or C2'-endo (alpha-L-LNA) stereoisomer. 
miRNA Disease state Biological target In vivo model Delivery system References. 
Overview of in vivo delivery systems for snoRNAs and miRNAs*. 
*Abbreviations: CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; E2F, E2 transcription factor; LPS, lipopolysaccharide; Plk1, Polo-like kinase 1; SCID, severe combined immunodeficient; SHIP1, Src homology-2 domain-containing inositol 5-phosphatase 1; TLR, Toll-like receptor. 
# Genes # TFs # Proteins # TF-gene interactions # Protein-protein interactions. 
Comparison of the three yeast integrated cellular networks under hyperosmotic stress, heat shock, and oxidative stress. 
The first row indicates the statistics of the candidate integrated network, which are extracted from omics data and database information. The second to fourth rows represent the statistics for integrated network identified under each stress conditions. The fifth to seventh rows reveal the crosstalks among each two of three stress conditions and the last row shows the crosstalks among all three stress conditions. 
Monovalent Cations (Ionic radius in picometers) Specific Activity (min?1). 
Specific activity is represented as the amount of Pi released for a given concentration of enzyme for a certain time (min). Experiments were conducted in duplicates and were reproduced at least twice. The errors represent the standard deviation from the average. Absorbance was corrected for the background intrinsic GTP hydrolysis and the background GTP hydrolysis (represented as amount of Pi released to the amount of GTP added, per min) is indicated in brackets. ** indicates that the activity could not be measured. 
Construct Specific Activity (min?1). 
Specific activity was measured in the presence of KCl and it is represented as the amount of Pi released for a given concentration of enzyme for a certain time (min). Value for wild type was taken from Table 1 . Experiments were conducted in duplicates and were reproduced at least twice. The errors represent the standard deviation from the average. Values were corrected for the background intrinsic GTP hydrolysis. ** indicates that the activity could not be measured. 
Melanoma Gender/age Stage/site BRAF/NRAS mutation PTEN. 
Sources of patient’s derived melanoma cells and their mutations status. 
ND, not determined. 
The melanoma cell 501 mel carries also activating S33C mutations in mutation in ?-catenin ( Halaban et al., 2009 ). 
Group Fold induction Gene Functions. 
Caveolin-1 modulates transport-related genes. 
Gene Array qPCR MYC DB Myc ChIP. 
The table lists 30 validated cdr2-regulated c-myc target genes. Cdr2 knockdown microarray and qRT-PCR data are indicated for each gene; values >1 indicate up-regulation, values <1 down-regulation. Y indicates whether the gene is present in the c-myc cancer gene or c-myc ChIP date sets. 
Gene Myc Regulation Array qPCR Cdr2 Regulation Predicted cdr2 action on c-myc. 
The table lists 15 genes that are either up-regulated (U) or down-regulated (D) by c-myc and have been previously independently validated. For 13/15 of these mRNAs (#'s 2-14), cdr2 appears to activate c-myc function, while for 2/15 genes (#'s 1 and 15) cdr2 appears to inhibit c-myc function. 
Gene Array qPCR c-myc ChIP (HeLa) Kinetochore Spindle. 
List of 10 mitosis-related mRNAs from the 324 cdr2-regulated genes data set. Cdr2 knockdown microarray and qRT-PCR data are indicated for each gene; values <1 indicate down-regulation. Y indicates whether the gene is on the c-myc ChIP list and whether it is involved in kinetochore or spindle function. 
Strain Homolog Synthetically sick or suppressor Function. 
The homolog category indicates yeast genes with clear human homologs. 
Ingenuity Canonical Pathways p Ratio Genes. 
Tyrosine kinase receptor canonical pathways significantly enriched for genes significantly upregulated when gained. 
Symbol Description Cytoband Start (Mb) End (Mb) MWU Adjusted p value amplification. 
Genes that are significantly over-expressed when amplified. 
MWU: Mann Whitney U test. 
Variable mtTFA in mtTFA in Endometrioid adenocarcinomas Nonendometroioid carcinomas Positive Negative P value Positive Negative P value n ?=?123 n ?=?122  n ?=?17 n ?=?14 . 
Clinicopathologic variables and mtTFA expression. 
mtTFA mitochondrial transcription A, LVSI lymphovascular space invasion, LI labeling index. 
aThe retroperitoneal lymph node adenectomy or sampling was done in 211 endometrioid cases and 20 nonendometrioid cases. 
Variables Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis HR 95%CI P value HR 95%CI P value. 
Uni- and multivariate analyses of prognostic variables for overall survival of the patients with endometrioid adenocarcinoma by Cox proportional hazards model. 
LVSI lymphovascular space invasion, mtTFA mitochodrial transcription factor A, HR hazard ratio, LI labeling index, 95%CI 95% confidence interval. 
Type I (EEC) Type II (NEEC). 
Clinical and pathological features of endometrial carcinoma. 
EEC NEEC. 
Genetics features of endometrial carcinoma. 
Stem cell system DNA repair mechanism/enzyme Higher Similar Lower Remarks Ref. 
DNA repair capacity in embryonic, adult and mesenchymal stem versus differentiated cells. 
Stem cell marker Clinical model Animal model Association to poor outcome Ref. 
Stem cell involvement in high grade glioma patient's outcome. 
Lipid Half life (T 1/2 ) Plasma Concentration (endogenous) Method of synthesis Receptors. 
A comparison between certain biological properties of TXA2 and 8-iso-PGF2?. 
Gene symbole Description CD34+ cells: Mononuclear cells:   SAM score 1 Fold change q-value(%) 2 SAM score Fold change q-value(%). 
Top genes differentially expressed in MDS compared to normal bone marrow. 
Score—The T —statistic Value. 
q-value—The lowest false discovery rate at which the gene is called significant (Like the “p value” adapted to analysis of a large number of genes). 
Gene symbole Gene description Linear slope 1 P (linear slope). 
Top genes differentially expressed in Advanced Disease (RAEB and RAEBT) compared to RA compared to normal bone marrow. 
Linear Slope—Change of value in the dependent variable (gene expression change) per unit of independent variable (disease stage); The changes in gene expression in the different stages of MDS. 
Anti-angiogenic agents trialled in high-grade glioma and their respective targets. 
Level of action Natural TLR4 signaling inhibitor . 
Some of the natural inhibitors of TLR4 signalling. 
Mode of action of various molecules targeting TLR4. 
Sample ID Sample Name FFPE Tissue Type Percentage Tumor or Nevus Total RNA yield (ug) ng/ul RNA OD 260/280 OD 260/230. 
Summary Of RNAs Extracted From FFPE Melanoma And Nevus (Control) Specimens Obtained From Pediatric Or Young Adults < 30 Years Of Age And Older Adults > 60 Years Of Age. 
Top group (PM/PN): young adults <30 yrs old; lower group (AM/AN): adults >60; PM = pediatric and young adult melanoma (<30 yrs); AM = adult melanoma (>60 yrs);PN = pediatric and young adult nevus (<30 yrs); AN = adult nevus (>60 yrs); % tumor refers to the percentage of tumor in the area that was ID & scraped for RNA isolation. Quality of RNA was established by Nanodrop OD reading. 
Parametric p-value t-value % CV support Geom mean of intensities in class 1 Geom mean of intensities in class 2 Fold-change MiR. 
Class Prediction Analysis: Young Adult-Pediatric (Mel 30) vs Adult Melanoma (Mel 60). 
Class prediction analysis was computed using BRB tools between Class 1: Mel 30 (10 specimens) and Class 2: Mel 60 (10 specimens) across the global data set of 666 MammU6 normalized MiRs (Analysis II). MiRs significantly different between the classes at 0.001 significance level were used for class prediction. 
Performance of the Compound Covariate Predictor Classifier:. 
Performance Of Classification Methods used for Class Prediction Analysis. 
The performance of classification methods used for class prediction analysis in Table 10 was conducted as follows: the Leave-one-out cross-validation method was used to compute mis-classification rate. Based on 100 random permutations, compound covariate predictor p-value = 0.04, diagonal linear discriminant analysis classifier p-value = 0.04, 1-nearest neighbor classifier p-value = 0.02, 3-nearest neighbors classifier p-value = 0.03, nearest centroid classifier p-value = 0.04, support vector machines classifier p-value = 0.72, Bayesian compound covariate classifier p-value = 0.05. For each classification method and each class: Sensitivity = the probability for a class A sample to be correctly predicted as class A, Specificity = probability for a non class A sample to be correctly predicted as non-A, PPV = probability that a sample predicted as class A actually belongs to class A, NPV = probability that a sample predicted as non class A actually does not belong to class A. 
T-values used for the (Bayesian) compound covariate predictor were truncated at abs(t) = 10 level. Equal class prevalence was used in the Bayesian compound covariate predictor. Threshold of predicted probability for a sample being predicted to a class from the Bayesian compound covariate predictor was 0.8. % CV support proportion of the cross-validation loops that contained each MiR in the classifiers. T value = ratio of the estimate divided by the standard error. 
Sample name Mel 60/30 or Nevus 60/30 Age Age range Gender Diagnosis Site T Stage N Stage M Stage Stage Group at Diagnosis- AJCC 6th Ed . 
Patients Characteristics. 
PM = pediatric and young adult melanoma (<30 yrs);AM = adult melanoma (>60 yrs);PN = pediatric and young adult nevus(<30 yrs); AN = adult nevus(>60 yrs); Mel 60: adult melanoma (>60 yrs); Mel 30: pediatric and young adult melanoma (<30 yrs); Nevus 60: adult nevus(>60 yrs); Nevus 30: pediatric and young adult nevus(<30 yrs). TNM Staging:regardless of year of diagnosis, all cases staged according to AJCC 6th Edition. P:pathologic staging; c: clinical staging. * Not able to stage T further as Clarks level missing in original path report. 
Array A Hsa-miR Name-Assay# FC (MEL60/MEL30) Log2(FC) p value FDR (BH) FC Bin. 
Mirs Significantly Differentially Expressed Between Older Adult Melanoma (Mel 60) And Pediatric And Young Adult Melanoma (Mel 30). 
Array A: TLDA panel A (377 functionally defined microRNAs) array B: TLDA panel B (290 MicroRNAs whose function is not yet completely defined) TLDA A and B totaled 667 microRNA assays. FC: fold change; Pvalue student T test ? 0.05; FDR: false discovery rate; FC bin: Range of fold change. MirRs in bold font were found to be significantly differentially expressed between the two groups by the relative quantification (ABqPCR software-Analysis I) based method and by Class Comparison (BRB tools-Analysis II) based on absolute CT values normalized to endogenous control MammU6 (see materials and methods). N/A: not applicable. 
Array A Hsa-miR Name-Assay# FC (NEVUS60/MEL60) Log2(FC) p value FDR (BH) FC Bin. 
Mirs Significantly Differentially Expressed Between Adult Nevus (Nevus 60) And Adult Melanoma (Mel 60). 
Array A: TLDA panel A (377 functionally defined microRNAs) array B: TLDA panel B (290 MicroRNAs whose function is not yet completely defined) TLDA A and B totaled 667 microRNA assays. FC: fold change; Pvalue student T test ? 0.05; FDR: false discovery rate; FC bin: Range of fold change. MirRs in bold font were found to be significantly differentially expressed between the two groups by the relative quantification (ABqPCR software-Analysis I) based method and by Class Comparison (BRB tools-Analysis II) based on absolute CT values normalized to endogenous control MammU6 (see materials and methods). N/A: not applicable. 
Array A Hsa-miR Name-Assay# FC (NEVUS30/MEL30) Log2(FC) p value FDR (BH) FC Bin. 
Mirs Significantly Differentially Expressed Between Pediatric And Young Adult Nevus (Nevus 30) Vs Pediatric And Young Adult Melanoma (Mel 30). 
Array A: TLDA panel A (377 functionally defined microRNAs) array B: TLDA panel B (290 MicroRNAs whose function is not yet completely defined) TLDA A and B totaled 667 microRNA assays. FC: fold change; Pvalue student T test ? 0.05; FDR: false discovery rate; FC bin: Range of fold change. MirRs in bold font were found to be significantly differentially expressed between the two groups by the relative quantification (ABqPCR software-Analysis I) based method and by Class Comparison (BRB tools-Analysis II) based on absolute CT values normalized to endogenous control MammU6 (see materials and methods). N/A: not applicable. 
Array A Hsa-miR Name-Assay# FC (NEVUS60/NEVUS30) Log2(FC) p value FDR (BH) FC Bin. 
Mirs Significantly Differentially Expressed Between Adult Nevus (Nevus 60) And Young Adult/Pediatric Nevus (Nevus 30). 
Array A: TLDA panel A (377 functionally defined microRNAs) array B: TLDA panel B (290 MicroRNAs whose function is not yet completely defined) TLDA A and B totaled 667 microRNA assays. FC: fold change; Pvalue student T test ? 0.05; FDR: false discovery rate; FC bin: Range of fold change. MirRs in bold font were found to be significantly differentially expressed between the two groups by the relative quantification (ABqPCR software-Analysis I) based method and by Class Comparison (BRB tools-Analysis II) based on absolute CT values normalized to endogenous control MammU6 (see materials and methods). N/A: not applicable. 
Class Comparison Array Aa Array Ba Total # of significant MiRs Array A+B Analysis Ia Total # of significant MiRs Array A+B Analysis IIb MiRs common in Analysis I and II. 
Summary Of Number Of Mirs Identified By Class Comparison Analysis I and II. 
a Number of MirRs that were found to be significantly differentially expressed at p = 0.05 level between the two groups by the relative quantification (ABqPCR software) based method. bNumber of MiRs identified by Class Comparison (BRB tools) based on absolute CT values normalized to endogenous control MammU6 (see materials and methods). 
MiR Parametric p-value FDR Permutation p-value Geom mean of intensities in class 1 Geom mean of intensities in class 2 Fold-change. 
MiRs Significantly Differentially Expressed Between Stage I-II Adult Melanoma (Mel 60) And Stage I-II Young Adult-Pediatric Melanoma (Mel 30). 
Stage I-II Adult melanoma were compared with stage I-II pediatric melanoma by Two-sample T-test on the global data set of 666 miRs CT values normalized to MammU6 endogenous control (see analysis II). Class 1: Mel 30 Stage I-II; Class 2: Mel 60 Stage I-II. Exact permutation p-values for significant genes were computed based on 462 available permutations. Nominal significance level of each univariate test: 0.001. Global test: probability of getting at least 4 genes significant by chance (at the 0.001 level) if there are no real differences between the classes: 0.02597. 
MiR Parametric p-value FDR Permutation p-value Geom mean of intensities in class 1 Geom mean of intensities in class 2 Geom mean of intensities in class 3 Geom mean of intensities in class 4. 
Mirs Differentially Expressed Between Node Positive And Node Negative Adult (Mel 60) And Young Adult-Pediatric (Mel 30). 
The univariate F-test at the nominal significance level of 0.001 was performed among 4 classes: Class 1: Node-negative-Mel 30; Class 2: Node-negative-Mel 60; Class 3: Node-positive-Mel30; Class 4: Node-positive-Mel60. Permutation p-values for significant MiRs were computed based on 10000 random permutations. The Global test: probability of getting at least 2 genes significant by chance (at the 0.001 level) if there are no real differences between the classes was 0.137. 
Network Node Edge Comp Nei Path Dia Den Din Dout Rin Rout. 
Node?=?Number nodes, Edges?=?Number edges, Comp?=?Number of connected components, Nei?=?Average number of neighbours, Path?=?Average shortest path, Dia?=?network diameter, Den?=?Network Density, Din?=?In-degree distribution power law exponent, Dout?=?Out-degree distribution power law exponent, Rin?=? value for in-degree distribution power-law fit, Rout?=? value for out-degree distribution power-law fit, Main?=?cell interaction map, Mod?=?Module, B_PBMC?=?Blood_PBMC, B+PMN?=?Blood_PBMC plus PMN, Cart?=?cartilage, SF?=?Synovial Fibroblast, S_PMN?=?Synovial_PMN. 
Pathway Count List Total Bonferroni FDR. 
hsa?=?homo sapiens, FDR?=?false discovery rate. 
Tissue type B_PBMC B+PMN Cart SF S_PMN. 
B_PBMC?=?Blood_PBMC, B+PMN?=?Blood_PBMC plus PMN, Cart?=?Cartilage, SF?=?Synovial Fibroblast, S_PMN?=?Synovial_PMN. Some nodes were assigned to multiple tissue types. Nodes that could not be identified by tissue type were not included in this part of the analysis. 
Spot No. SwissProt Access. No. Gene symbol Protein name MW (Da) p I Seq. cov. (%)/No. pept. a Av. ratio b Function. 
All the listed proteins showed a statistical difference of spot volume ratio between SW480-ADH Snail1 and Mock cells within the 95th confidence level (Student's t -test, p <0.05). 
The majority of the proteins were identified only by ESI-linear ion trap, except of TPT1 that was identified by MALDI-TOF-TOF, and VIM, ENO1, PA2G4 and LASP1 that were identified using both techniques. 
aSequence coverage (%) and number of peptides identified with ?1% FDR (false discovery rate cut-off against decoy-concatenated randomized database). Coverage and FDR were determined by SEQUEST algorithm for all proteins except for TPT1, which score was determined by MASCOT algorithm. 
bAverage ratio of protein expression between SW480-ADH Snail1 and Mock cells. 
Gene Pc vs. D Immune Response (23 genes) Inflammation (23 genes) Cell Death (29 genes) Phagocytosis (25 genes). 
Genes involved in the four major AM functions affected by Pneumocystis infection. 
Values shown are fold changes. Pc vs. D: expression affected by Pneumocystis (Pc) infection compared to the Dex (D) control. Up arrow (?): up regulated by Pneumocystis infection; down arrow (?): down regulated by Pneumocystis infection; NA: not applicable to the function. 
Gene Pc vs. D D. vs. N Immune Response (16 genes) Inflammation (15 genes) Cell Death (22 genes) Phagocytosis (18 genes). 
Genes involved in the four major AM functions affected by both dexamethasone and Pneumocystis infection. 
Values shown are fold changes. D vs. N: expression affected by dexathamethasone (D) treatment compared to the normal control (N); Pc vs. D: expression affected by Pneumocystis (Pc) infection compared to the Dex (D) control. Up arrow (?): up regulated by Pneumocystis infection; down arrow (?): down regulated by Pneumocystis infection; NA: not applicable to the function. 
Gene D vs. N Pc vs. D. 
Rat AM genes up-regulated by dexamethasone but down-regulated by Pneumocystis infection. 
Values shown are fold changes. D vs. N: expression affected by dexathamethasone (D) treatment compared to the normal control (N); Pc vs. D: expression affected by Pneumocystis (Pc) infection compared to the Dex (D) control. 
Gene D vs. N Pc vs. D. 
Rat AM genes up-regulated by dexamethasone and further up-regulated by Pneumocystis infection. 
Values shown are fold changes. D vs. N: expression affected by dexathamethasone (D) treatment compared to the normal control (N); Pc vs. D: expression affected by Pneumocystis (Pc) infection compared to the Dex (D) control. 
Gene D vs. N Pc vs. D. 
Rat AM genes down-regulated by dexamethasone but up-regulated by Pneumocystis infection. 
Values shown are fold changes. D vs. N: expression affected by dexathamethasone (D) treatment compared to the normal control (N); Pc vs. D: expression affected by Pneumocystis (Pc) infection compared to the Dex (D) control. 
Gene D vs. N Pc vs. D. 
Rat AM genes down-regulated by dexamethasone and further down-regulated by Pneumocystis infection. 
Values shown are fold changes. D vs. N: expression affected by dexathamethasone (D) treatment compared to the normal control (N); Pc vs. D: expression affected by Pneumocystis (Pc) infection compared to the Dex (D) control. 
Gene Microarray a Real-time RT-PCR b. 
Confirmation of fold changes by real-time RT-PCR. 
aFold changes determined by microarray. 
bFold changes determined by real-time RT-PCR. 
genotype Average area (mm2) N. 
Genotype Branching points N. 
Accession Protein Description N. Peptides Peptide sequences* Theor. Mw (kDa). 
(*) The Mascot score for each individual peptide is reported in parenthesis. Significance threshold (p<0.05) corresponded to a Mascot score of 15. Protein identifications based on a single peptide above the significance threshold were validated by careful visual inspection of MS/MS data and western blot analysis. 
CASE AGE DIAGNOSIS. 
Summary of cases. 
Gene Description Fold up or down regulation SNB19 U251 5310 4910. 
Human PI3K-Akt PCR arrays (SA Biosciences) were run using cDNA from single and co-cultures of glioma cells with hUCBSC. Real time PCR was carried out and changes in gene expression were illustrated as a fold increase/decrease according to manufacturer's instructions. The cut-off induction determining expression was 2.0 or ?2.0 fold changes. Genes that met these criteria were considered to be upregulated or downregulated. 
GO description (biological process) Features. 
Top biological and molecular GO terms (level 3) on the gilthead sea bream cDNA microarray. 
Putative Id Uniprot Accession Score Description Fold change (6, 24, 72, 120 h). 
K-means clustering of down-regulated genes (Set 4). 
Genes involved in similar pathways or processes are grouped and with the same font (italic/non-italic). 
Gene name Primer sequence. 
Primer sequences for quantitative PCR validation. 
Corn Oil (Control) MCA-treated    Strain PBS V 2 O 5 PBS V 2 O 5. 
Lung tumor multiplicity and size (in parenthesis) among inbred mice following sub-chronic V2O5 exposure.a, b, c, d. 
a A/J, BALB, and B6 mice were treated with or without the initiator MCA (10 ?g/g), followed by sub-chronic administration of V2O5 (4 mg/kg) or PBS. 
b Number of mice per treatment group: A/J, Oil/PBS and Oil/V2O5 (n = 3), MCA/PBS (n = 4), MCA/V2O5 (n = 15); BALB, Oil/PBS and Oil/V2O5 (n = 3-5), MCA/PBS (n = 8), MCA/V2O5 (n = 13); B6, Oil/PBS and Oil/V2O5 (n = 3-8), MCA/PBS (n = 7), MCA/V2O5 (n = 12). 
c No tumors were detected in B6 mice in any of the experimental groups examined (data not shown). 
d A significant strain effect was detected for tumor size (mm) between A/J (0.72 ± 0.012) and BALB mice (0.59 ± 0.054) ( P < 0.05). 
* Significantly different from strain-matched MCA-treated/PBS controls ( P < 0.05). 
# Significantly different than treatment-matched BALB mice (A/J vs BALB, P < 0.05). 
Treatment Protein (?g/mL) Total Cells (×10 3 ) Macrophages (×10 3 ) Lymphocytes (×10 3 ) PMNs (×10 3 ). 
Pulmonary inflammation and hyperpermeability in A/J mice treated with either corn oil or MCA (10 ?g/g) and then aspirated with 5 weekly doses of V2O5 (4 mg/kg) or PBS.a. 
a A/J mice were treated with corn oil (control) or MCA (10 ?g/g) and then aspirated with 5 weekly doses of either PBS or V2O5 (4 mg/kg). Animals were sacrificed 21 days after the last aspiration. Protein (?g/mL) concentration and inflammation were measured in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) and data are expressed as cells (×103) per mL of BALF. Data represent the mean ± SEM (n = 4-7 animals/group). 
* Significantly different from PBS exposed animals ( P < 0.05). 
Clinical characteristics Cases (n = 40) Methylation ratio (%)      Region 1 p Region 2 p Total p. 
Correlations of SPARC methylation with clinical characteristics of pancreatic cancer. 
Correlations of SPARC methylation with clinical characteristics of pancreatic cancer were determined by general linear model univariate analysis. 
Clinical characteristics Region 1 Region 2 Whole region. 
The standardized coefficient beta value of multiple regression analysis. 
Clinical characteristics of pancreatic cancer were analyzed using a stepwise multiple regression to assess their independent contribution to the methylation level, with entry and removal at the 0.05 and 0.1 significance levels, respectively. 
Chip No. Green Label Red Label Segment Segment Segment Segment Segment Segment. 
Chromosome Segment Genes of Interest. 
Drug Brand name Drug target* Cancer types. 
Some examples of targeted therapies for cancer. 
*Target abbreviations: BCL-2, anti-apoptotic protein BCL-2; BCL-XL, anti-apoptotic protein BCL extra large; BCR-ABL, fusion protein of breakpoint cluster region and tyrosine kinase ABL1; BRAF, protein tyrosine kinase BRAF; CD20, B-cell phosphoprotein CD20; CDKs, cyclin-dependent kinases; CHK1, serine/threonine kinase CHK1; cKIT, tyrosine kinase c-KIT; COX2, cyclooxygenase 2; DHFR, dihydrofolate reductase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ER?, estrogen receptor ?; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; HSP90, heat shock protein 90; hTERT, telomerase reverse transcriptase; MDM2, murine double minute 2; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PARP1/2, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase 1/2; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; RAF, small GTPase RAF; SMO, Smoothened; TRAIL receptor, TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand receptor; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; VEGFR, VEGF receptor. 
Parameter Categories Frequency. 
Clinical features of 264 cases of gastric cancers analyzed for mutations in PI3KCA. 
Mutation Overall frequency (MSI only) Percent/total cases Percent/mutated cases. 
Frequency of PI3KCA mutations found in 264 gastric cancers, by mutation type. 
Parameter Categories Wt Mutated Odds Ratio (95% CI) P. 
Distribution of Clinical-pathological covariates according to the presence of PI3KCA mutations in 264 gastric cancers. 
Parameter Category HR (95% CI) P-Value. 
Multivariate Cox survival analysis of 245 gastric cancer patients. 
Tumor Type nr. series total cases Exon 9 Exon 20 Ex20/Ex9 Prevalence Ratio (95% CI) P-value. 
Overall frequency and pooled prevalence ratio of mutations affecting the two hot spots of PIK3CA located in Exon 9 and exon 20 in 36 series grouped by cancer type. 
Gene classification/description Gene symbol Fold change GenBank accession Chromosome location. 
Gene classification/description Gene symbol Fold change GenBank accession Chromosome location. 
HPV positivity n % % total. 
Location of the tumors throughout the colon in correlation to the presence of HPV. 
N = number of HPV positive samples, % = percentage of HPV positive samples per location separately, total %: percentage of HPV positive samples in proximal, distal and rectal tumors. 
- HPV % + % . 
Possible associations between HPV and clinicopathological parameters of colon cancer. 
Possible associations were investigated using the ?2-test or Fisher's exact test (when appropriate) for categorical variables and using Student t-test or Mann-Whitney U test (when appropriate) for continuous variables (MSI: microsatellite instability, MSS: microsatellite stability). 
Intensity # cells 0 1 2 3. 
Scoring system for P16INK4A. 
p16 expression   neg % weak % mod % strong % P. 
Possible associations between p16INK4A expression and clinicopathological parameters of colon cancer. 
Possible associations were investigated using the ?2-test or Fisher's exact test (when appropriate) for categorical variables and using Student t-test or Mann-Whitney U test (when appropriate) for continuous variables (MSI: microsatellite instability, MSS: microsatellite stability). 
p16 expression   negative weak moderate strong. 
The location of the tumors throughout the colon in correlation to the p16INK4A expression. 
The actual location of the tumor in the large bowel could not be retrieved in 2 cases. 
pGL3 -357/+769 Forward: 5'-aaaggtaccCGAGCCCAGAGGGTTTACTT-3'  Reverse: 5'-cccaagcttGCCTCAATCTTCCCTGCTTC-3'. 
Primer pairs used for generating NGX6 promoter construct pGL3 -357/+769, pGL3-357/+276, pGL3 +276/+769, pGL3 -357/-159, pGL3 -159/+276. 
Methylation status    variable n Absent Present. 
NGX6 promoter methylation frequency in colorectal cancer and adjacent normal mucosa. 
Methylation status     Variable Absent Present P -value. 
Clinicopathological parameters compared to NGX6 promoter methylation analyed by Chi-square Test or Fisher' s Exact Test. 
miRNA processing components Position in the promoter sequences (human) p53/p63-REs present in the promoters of the microRNA-processing components. 
p53/p63/p73 may regulate the microRNA processing components through its responsive elements present in their promoters. 
* Microarray data suggest that this gene is induced in response to TA-p63/?N-p63 expression (Promoter sequence of this gene serves as a positive control). 
miRNA processing components Target miRNAs Target scan's Context percentile/Mami score(in decimals)/miTG score ( in italics ) Transcriptional targets of p53/p63/p73/target miRNA- processing components/comments. 
p53/p63/p73 proteins increase the expression of miRNAs to regulate the components of the miRNA-processing complex [56, 69, 70, Boominathan, unpublished]. 
* Experimentally verified transcriptional targets of p53. 
p53 related proteins Targeting miRNA (verified) Putative miRNAs that target p53 related proteins (human and mouse). 
miRNAs targeting p53, p63, and p73 were analyzed using the Target scan, Diana and Mami softwares. 
Components of miRNA- processing complex p53-miRs that commonly target components of the miRNA processing complex Target scan/Mami(in decimals)/miTG( in italics ) score (human). 
No. Sex Age Disease status CML treatment Current status. 
Characteristics of CML patients in ex vivo study. 
Abbreviations: CCR=a complete cytogenetic response means that no blood or bone marrow cells contain the Ph chromosome; CML=chronic myeloid leukaemia; M=male; F=female; MCR=a major (or partial) cytogenetic response the presence of less than 35% Bcr-Abl-positive cells. 
Relevant medical and personal data were obtained from newly diagnosed and imatinib-resistant CML patients enrolled in an ex vivo PBOX study carried out in St. James's Hospital, Dublin 8 in collaboration with Dr. Eibhlin Conneally and Professor Mark Lawler. Information obtained included the sex of the patient, age at diagnosis and a short description of their medical and CML-specific treatment. 
Gene Promotion or inhibition of senescence Potential senescence-associated pathway/mechanism of action Biological Function Refe-rence Cell type. 
The table shows the diversity of genes which either promote senescence or its bypass as identified in cellular screens for senescence bypass. Genes well known to be important in cellular senescence such as p53, p21 and PAI-1 are not included here. aOther genes identified in this screen: BNIP3L, BIN1, HSPA9, IL1R1, PEA15, RAP1GAP, DMTF1, FOXA1, IRF1, MEN1, HIRA, SMARCB1, FBXO31, NF2 [ 25 ]. bAdditional genes identified in this screen: RPS6KA6, HTATIP, HDAC4, SAH3, CCT2 [ 24 ]. 
?N-ChoK?1·ADP·HC-3 ?N-ChoK?·ADP·Pho-HC-3. 
Crystallographic data and refinement statistics. 
a Values in parentheses are for the highest resolution shell. 
b R sym = ?|( I ? ? I ?)| I ?( I ), where I is the observed intensity. 
c R work = ?? F obs| ? | F calc??| F obs|, where | F obs| and | F calc| are observed and calculated structure factor amplitudes, respectively. 
Protein Choline HC-3 K m choline K m ATP k cat Activity a K i b K D. 
In vitro characterization of wild-type ChoK isoforms and mutants. 
a Activity of each protein was determined using HC-3 and ATP as substrates. 
b K i value for the inhibitory effect of HC-3 on the activity of each enzyme was determined using choline and ATP as substrates. 
Gene Left Primer Right Primer Probe. 
CON EXP. 
Values are means ± SEM. 
Estradiol (pg/ml) BL PS. 
Values are mean ± SEM. 
P<0.01. 
P<0.001. 
N?=?9/group. 
Baseline 3 hours 48 hours *. 
Values are mean ± SEM. 
*P<0.05 main effect for group compared to baseline. 
CON (N?=?7), EXP (N?=?8). 
Categories and Gene Names Accession Number Fold change at 3H Potential relevant function. 
Overall survival in all patients    Disease-free survival in N0 M0 patients at nephroureterectomy     Variable Unfavorable/favorable characteristics No. of Patients Analysis Relative risk 95% confidential interval P value No. of Patients Analysis Relative risk 95% confidential interval P value. 
Cox regression analysis for various potential prognostic factors in survival. 
Clinicopathologic Features Number Mean Age a (%). 
Clinicopathologic features of all patients. 
a Mean age in years. 
Protein name a Gene name Accession no. b Theotetical molecular mass/PI c Queries matched Sequence coverage (%) MOWSE score d Fold change e Function. 
Proteins identified by LC MS/MS. 
a For several proteins, a few isoforms were identified in the same individual. 
b Accession numbers were derived from the ExPASy database. 
c Theoretical molecular mass (kDa) and pI from the ExPASy database. 
d Probability-based MOWSE (molecular weight search) scores. 
e Expression change level in HepG2 cells compared with L02 cells. 
Histodifferentiation Grading Cases -- + + + + + + a Total Score Average Score a. 
PGAM1 immunoreactivity in normal liver tissues and hepatocellular carcinoma tissues. 
a Student's t test, p < 0.01. 
Histodifferentiation Grading Cases -- + + + + + + a Total Score Average Score b. 
Relevance of HCC characteristics to PGAM1 immunoreactivity: histodifferentiation to PGAM1. 
a Cross ?2 test, p < 0.01. 
bOne-way ANOVA analysis, p < 0.05; LSD-t test, p < 0.05 (well versus moderately; well versus poorly; moderately versus poorly). 
Classes HDAC Isoforms Inhibitors. 
Classical HDAC isoforms and some examples of their targeted HDAC inhibitors . 
Transition rates and transition probabilities for human colon carcinogenesis. 
Age Group Number of People at Risk Observed Colon Cancer Cases Total Prediced Colon Cancer. 
Colon Cancer Data from SEER(overall population). 
The predicted numbers were generated by the model with unknown paprameters being substituted by the estimates respectively. 
LOH Pathway   . 
Estimates of Parameters for Each Pathway. 
Pemetrexed n = 441) Placebo (n = 222) HR (95% CI) P Value. 
Overall outcome analysis in pemetrexed maintenance study based on histology subgroups. 
PFS, progression free survival; OS, overall survival; HR, hazard ratio; Reference: [ 9 ]. 
HR (95%) P Value. 
Hazard Ratio for Progression Free Survival in biomarkers subgroups in Saturn study. 
HR, Hazard Ratio; IHC, immunohistochemistry; FISH, Fluorescence In Situ Hybridization. 
Reference: [ 13 ]. 
Outcome Gefitinib Carboplatin+Paclitaxel HR (95% CI) P Value. 
Progression Free Survival and 2-year OS in IPASS Study based on EGFR mutation. 
PFS, progression free survival; OS, overall survival; HR, hazard ratio; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Reference: [ 30 ]. 
ORR % Gefitinib Carboplatin+Paclitaxel HR (95% CI) P Value. 
Overall Response Rate in IPASS Study, based on EGFR mutation, copy, and expression. 
HR, hazard ratio; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Reference: [ 30 ]. 
TRIAL Zodiac Zeal Zest. 
PFS and OS in Zodiac, Zeal, and Zest studies. 
PFS, progression free survival; OS, overall survival; HR, hazard ratio;. 
Reference: [ 34 - 36 ]. 
Stat5 (PY992) PLC?1 (PY992) PLC?1 (PY1173) Shc (PY1148) Shc (PY1173) Grb2 (PY1068). 
Docking rules for adaptors on EGFR cytoplasmic tails, as established by coarse-grained molecular docking modeling simulations. 
Plus (+) symbols on the same row indicate where docking simulations support the possibility for this combination of adaptors to simultaneously bind to phosphorylated tyrosine residues on the same EGFR tail. For example, from the first row, when Stat5 is bound to pY992, either one or both of PLC?1 (pY1173) and Grb2 (pY1068) can bind simultaneously. Or, any or all of Shc (pY1148), Shc (pY1173), and Grb2 (pY1068) can bind simultaneously with Stat5 (pY992). 
Parameter description Value. 
Estimated rate constants for EGFR phosphorylation/dephosphorylation and adaptor recruitment. 
Binding domain Target Kd Kon Koff Method Reference. 
Binding constants reported in literature. 
aSPR = Surface Plasmon Resonance, bITC = Isothermal Titration Calorimetry, cNB = No binding. 
Relative activity of Ras after cAMP stimulation using pulldown assays. 
See Figure 1 and Materials and Methods for details. 
Relative activity of Akt/PKB after cAMP stimulation using H2B as substrate. 
See Figure 2 and Materials and Methods for details. We quantified the 32PO4 incorporation by using a Typhoon 9400 phosphorimager (GE Healthcare). 
Parameters Strain background Wild type iqgA ? iqgB ? iqgC ? iqgA ?/ B ? iqgA ? /C ?. 
DIAS analysis of chemotaxis. 
Values are mean ± SD. Speed indicates the speed of cell's centroid movement along the total path. Direction change (Dir ch) is a relative measure of the number and frequency of turns the cell makes. Larger numbers indicate more turns and less efficient chemotaxis. Roundness is an indication of the polarity of the cells. Larger numbers indicate the cells are more round (less polarized). Directionality is a measure of the linearity of the pathway. Cells moving in a straight line to the chemoattractant-emitting micropipette have a directionality of 1.00. 
Golgi proteins tested Redistributed to ER under EGF stimulation (HeLa cells) Redistributed to ER under Src microinjection (either mouse SYF or human WI38 fibroblasts). 
Effect of Src activation on redistribution of Golgi resident proteins. 
?, not affected; ++, strong redistribution; NT, not tested. 
Transfection of full-length Mannosidase IC tagged at its N terminus with an HA tag. 
Transfection of ?4-GALT GFP-tagged reporter construct. 
Transfection of full-length C2GnT tagged at its C terminus with a DsRed tag. 
Transfection of full-length Arf1 tagged at its C terminus with a GFP or a V5 tag. 
miRNA Target Functional pathway Reference. 
miRNAs and their targets in breast cancer cells. 
miRNAs and their targets in breast cancer. Several studies have identified altered miRNA expression profiles in breast cancer. The loss of several tumor suppressor miRNAs and overexpression of oncogenic miRNAs leads to loss of regulation of several cellular functions that may be involved in breast cancer pathogenesis. 
MDAMB468 cells Control vs. lactone Control vs. acid. 
Overview of proteins showing significant differences ( P < 0.05) between control and treated MDAMB468 and MDAMB231 breast cancer cells. 
The cell treatment occurred with either 8 ?g/mL lovastatin lactone or hydroxy acid for 48 hours. The factor change is presented below with values above 1 representing an increase and values below 1 representing a decrease in protein expression as compared with controls. In some cases (annexin 1, chloride intracellular channel protein 1, stress-70 protein, triose phosphate isomerase) more then one spot was assigned to one protein. This happens when proteins undergo a post-translational modification as indicated by a shift in the spot's isoelectric point (pI). In these cases, an observed and a theoretical pI values were provided. 
Control Lovastatin lactone Lovastatin acid. 
Intracellular concentrations (nmol/g cell weight) of 13 C-labeled endogenous metabolites (glycolysis and TCA cycle intermediates, glucose) and lipid metabolites (choline-containing phospholipids, cholesterol). 
The values were calculated based on MDAMB468 cell extracts as assessed by 1H-NMR and 13C-NMR. The cells were incubated with 8 ?g/mL lovastatin lactone or hydroxy acid for 48 hours. Values are presented as means ± standard deviation of three independent experiments. Significance levels: * P < 0.05; ** P < 0.005; *** P < 0.001 were determined by analysis of variance (with post-hoc pairwise multiple comparison Tukey-test). chol, cholesterol; choline-PL, choline-containing phospholipids; glu, glutamate; glycolysis int, glycolysis intermediates: 13C-lactate+13C-alanine, TCA int: TCA cycle intermediates: (C2 + C3 + C4)-glutamate + (C2 + C3)-glutamine. 
PI3K component Type of mutation Incidence. 
The type and frequency of mutations in phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) pathway components in breast cancer. 
Case1 Clinicopathological findings Observed mutations2 Reference Epidermal fragility Hyperkeratosis on palms/soles Alopecia Nail dysplasia Hypohidrosis. 
Published cases of EDSF syndrome with clinical features and observed mutations in PKP 1 gene. 
1 Numbering of the case correlates to the positions of mutations shown in Figure 2 . 
2 For compound heterozygosity, mutations of both alleles are given as (a) and (b). 
cases mean score t P. 
HCCR-1 expression in pancreatic cancer tissues, paraneoplastic tissues/benign tumor tissues. 
*P < 0.01. 
Clinical characteristics cases mean score t P. 
Relations between HCCR-1 expression and clinicopathological characteristics of tumors. 
*P < 0.01. 
Number of patients RR (%) P TTF (months) HR [95% CI] P OS (months) HR [95% CI] P. 
Results of the ISEL trial 28 , 31. 
Abbreviations: RR, response rate; TTF, time to treatment failure; HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; OS, overall survival; NR, not reached; –, data not available. 
Number of patients RR (%) P PFS (months) HR [95% CI] P OS (months) HR [95% CI] P. 
Phase III trials of gefitinib versus chemotherapy as second-line treatment. 
Notes: 95.24% CI. 
90% CI. 
Abbreviations: RR, response rate; TTF, time to treatment failure; HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; OS, overall survival; NR, not reached; –, data not available; PFS, progression-free survival. 
Number of patients RR (%) P TTP (months) P OS (months) P. 
Phase III trials of gefitinib in combination with chemotherapy as first-line treatment of advanced NSCLC (INTACT-1 and 2). 
Notes: In INTACT-1 trial: G, gemcitabine 1250 mg/m2 d1, 8 and P , cisplatin 80 mg/m2 d1 every 3 weeks; gefitinib or placebo were administered daily in association with chemotherapy up to 6 cycles then alone until disease progression. In INTACT-2 trial: P , paclitaxel 225 mg/m2 d1 and C, carboplatin AUC 6 d1 every 3 weeks; gefitinib or placebo were administered daily in association with chemotherapy up to 6 cycles then alone until disease progression. 
Abbreviations: RR, response rate; TTP, time to progression; OS, overall survival; –, data not available. 
Number of patients RR (%) P PFS (months) HR [95% CI] P OS (months) HR [95% CI] P. 
Phase III trials of gefitinib versus chemotherapy as first-line treatment in clinically selected patients. 
Notes: In IPASS trial: Gefitinib 250 mg/day; P , paclitaxel 200 mg/m2 d1 and C, carboplatin AUC 5 or 6 d1 every 3 weeks. In FIRST-SIGNAL trial: Gefitinib 250 mg/day; G, gemcitabine 1250 mg/m2 d1, 8 and P , cisplatin 80 mg/m2 d1 every 3 weeks. 
Abbreviations: RR, response rate; PFS, progression-free survival; HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; OS, overall survival; –, data not available. 
ISEL trial 28  All grades Grade 3–4  Gefitinib (1,126) Placebo (562) Gefitinib (1,126) Placebo (562). 
Toxicity data of ISEL, INTEREST and IPASS trials 28 , 35 , 69. 
Abbreviation: NA, not available. 
Everolimus Placebo HR P. 
Efficacy measures from RECORD-1 trial. 
Corrected for crossover after disease progression on placebo to everolimus. 
Abbreviations: KFSI-DRS score, FACT-Kidney Symptom Index – Disease Related Symptoms; OS, overall survival; PS, performance status. 
Everolimus Placebo. 
Serious adverse events in RECORD-1 trial 47 , 48. 
Abbreviations: AE, adverse event; gr, grade 55. 
Practical recommendations for everolimus therapy 44. 
Pretreatment suitability (see text ‘Patient-selection’). 
Medication list for CYP450 3A4 inhibitors or inducers (strong inhibitors should not be co-administered). 66. 
Afinitor® counseling information eg, common adverse events, avoid live vaccines and grapefruit juice. 
Provide patient with reporting instructions, eg, fever, respiratory symptoms. 
Record baseline tumor/symptom evaluation, repeat every 8 weeks. 
Lab at baseline and every 4 weeks (or more often if risk factors such as diabetes are present) Lab = CBC and differential, phosphorus, LFT, creatinine, fasting glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides. 
CXR at baseline and every 8 weeks or if cough/dyspnea develop. 
CT chest if lung disease or lung metastases present: at baseline and as needed for re-evaluation. 
Abbreviations: AE, adverse events; CBC, complete blood count and differential; LFT, liver function tests; CXR, chest X-ray; CT, computerized tomography. 
Trial (year) Treatment Patients Response (%) Median PFS (months) Median OS (months). 
Recent studies comparing gefitinib 250 mg daily with docetaxel (60–75 mg/m2 every 3 weeks) in patients with advanced NSCLC. 
Docetaxel 75 mg/m2. 
Docetaxel 60 mg/m2. 
Abbreviations: PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; NR, not reported. 
Trial/author (year) Phase Treatment Patients Response (%) Median PFS/TTP (months) Median OS (months). 
First-line gefitinib in advanced NSCLC. 
Abbreviations: Cb, carboplatin; Cp, cisplatin; Gm, gemcitabine; Pc, paclitaxel; PFS, progression-free survival; TTP, time to progression; NR, not reported. 
Study/author (year) Setting Patients Response (%) PFS/TTP (months) Median survival (months) 1-year survival. 
Single-agent gefitinib in selected patients. 
Patients were also enrolled if they had EGFR and p-AKT mutations regardless of smoking status. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; PFS, progression-free survival; TTP, time to progression; NR, not reported; BAC, bronchioloalveolar carcinoma. 
Variant Number. 
Somatically acquired genomic variants of all classes in a SCLC genome. 
Study Agents Other agents Disease Dosage Clinical trails No Pts Response Referenc e. 
Nucleoside analogues in clinical trials. 
Abbreviations: GO: gemtuzumab ozogamycin; HD: high dose; LD, low dose; CRp: CR without platelet recovery; MTD: maximal tolerated dose;. 
Study Agents Other agents Disease Dosage Clinical trails No Pts Response Reference. 
FLT3 inhibitors in clinical trials. 
Abbreviations: CR: complete remission; CRp: CR without platelet recovery; CHR: complete hematological response. 
inhibitors Other agents Disease Dosage Clinical trails No Pts Response Reference. 
Farnesyl-transferase inhibitor in clinical trials. 
Study Agents Other agents Disease Dosage Clinical trails No Pts Response Reference. 
Histone deacetylase inhibitors in clinical trials. 
Abbreviations: CR: complete remission; CRp: CR without platelet recovery; MTD: maximal tolerated dose;. 
Study Agents Other agents Disease Dosage Clinical trails No Pts Response Reference. 
DNA Methyltransferase inhibitors in clinical trials. 
Abbreviations: GO: gemtuzumab ozogamycin; CR: complete remission; CRi: CR with incomplete count recovery; CRp: CR without platelet recovery; MTD: maximal tolerated dose;. 
Study Agents Other agents Disease Dosage Clinical trails No Pts Response Reference. 
Novel agents in clinical trials. 
Abbreviations: CR: complete remission; CRi: CR with incomplete count recovery; CRp: CR without platelet recovery; MTD: maximal tolerated dose;. 
CIMP subgroup (n, %) P     L M H L vs M M vs H L vs H  19 (21) 13 (14) 59 (65)   . 
Clinicopathological and molecular characteristics of CIMP subgroups. 
L, CIMP-low; M, CIMP-mid; H, CIMP-high; LVI, lymphovascular invasion; EMVI, extramural vascular invasion; PNI, perineural invasion; TILS, tumour infiltrating lymphocytes; CIMPW, classification of CIMP using the Weisenberger et al panel, whereby CIMPW-high is defined as 3 or more methylated loci, CIMPW-low as 1 or 2 methylated loci and CIMPW-negative as no methylated loci. MSI, microsatellite instability; 1Tumor location was unknown for 1 patient in CIMP-H, 2Number of distal CRC that were located at rectal site were 13, 1 and 11 in CIMP-L, CIMP-M and CIMP-H respectively, 3TILS data unknown for 3 patients in CIMP-L, 4 P value for CIMPW was generated from comparison between CIMPW-high and CIMPW-low or CIMPW-negative. 
Virus family Virus Human tumors Vaccine. 
Human viruses associated with cancer development. 
Sets Probes Number of probes Number of genes. 
Construction of SLA-RI/NRSP8-13K chip. 
1 The total gene number is 10010 because 1635 genes are found in both gene sets. 
Probe set Regulation LPS PMA/ionomycin. 
Number of probes differentially expressed by PBMCs stimulated with LPS or PMA/ionomycin. 
LPS stimulation PMA/ionomycin stimulation. 
Top ten genes found differentially up- or down-regulated after LPS or PMA/ionomycin stimulation. 
1 Genes that are commonly down-regulated after LPS or PMA/ionomycin stimulation. 
2 The clusters refer to the hierarchical clustering reported in Figure 2 and Additional file 4. 
3 "No" means that the genes were found differentially expressed in only one stimulation condition and were not included in the hierarchical clustering. 
Stimulation Top biological functions # genes 4 Fisher p-value. 
LPS and PMA/ionomycin stimulation: top biological functions from the catalogs Diseases and Disorders1, Molecular and Cellular Functions2 and Physiological System Development and Function3 identified by IPA and number of focus genes. 
1 Diseases and Disorders. 
2 Molecular and Cellular Functions. 
3 Physiological System Development and Function. 
4 Number of genes found differentially expressed after LPS or PMA/ionomycin stimulation divided by the total number of genes represented on the array for the biological functions. 
Stimulation KEGG pathway Symbol # genes 1 Fisher p value. 
List of KEGG biological pathways associated with the genes differentially expressed after LPS or PMA/ionomycin stimulation. 
1 Number of genes found differentially expressed after LPS or PMA/ionomycin stimulation divided by the total number of genes represented on the array for the KEGG pathways. 
Stimulation Pathway Gene symbol (Pig) Fold Change. 
List of differentially expressed genes in MHC class I and class II presentation pathways after stimulation by LPS or PMA/ionomycin. 
Gene name (Symbol) Forward Reverse Amplicon size (bp) Accession number. 
Primer sequences for qRT-PCR validation. 
1 Reference gene for qRT-PCR. 
LPS stimulation fold change1 PMA/ionomycin stimulation fold change1. 
Comparison of gene expression fold change between stimulated and non stimulated PBMCs at the protein (ELISA tests) and RNA levels (microarray). 
1NS: not significant at p value < 0.05. 
Gene Microarray data ?Ct (Ct LP-1D1b-Ct LP-1cl1) Fold change FC (microarray). 
Real-time quantitative RT-PCR for validation of microarray data. 
* nm, not modified. **When several numbers are indicated, they refer to the results obtained with different runs of PCR. For each sample, the average Ct value for the internal standard 36B4 was subtracted from the average Ct value for each gene to yield ?Ct. The relative amount of each mRNA compared to the calibrator ( 36B4 ) in each run was calculated by the formula N = 2-??Ct to give the fold change. For each gene, the Fc calculated from microarray data (in bold) is reported in the right column. 
Gene Protein LP-1D1b vs . cl1 LP-1K vs . cl1. 
Genes coding for cell cycle regulatory molecules displaying altered expression in LP-1 derivatives (|FC|>3). 
* Numbers are the fold change of the sample compared to LP-1cl1; ** nm, not modified. 
Gene Protein LP-1D1b vs . cl1 LP-1K vs . cl1. 
Genes coding for signalization molecules displaying altered expression in LP-1 derivatives (|FC|>3). 
*, ** see legend of Table 2. 
Gene Protein LP-1D1b vs . cl1 LP-1K vs . cl1. 
Genes coding for molecules controlling adhesion and movement displaying altered expression in LP-1 derivatives (|FC|>3). 
*, ** see legend of Table 2. 
Gene Protein LP-1D1b vs . cl1 LP-1K vs . cl1. 
Genes coding for proangiogenic or antiangiogenic molecules displaying altered expression in LP-1 derivatives (|FC|>3). 
*, ** see legend of Table 2. Proangiogenic and antiangiogenic (in bold) genes are indicated. 
Gene Protein LP-1D1b vs . cl1 LP-1K vs . cl1. 
Genes coding for transcription factors displaying altered expression in LP-1 derivatives. 
*, ** see legend of table 2. Since minor alterations in the level of transcription factors could have dramatic effects on gene expression, we sorted genes with a |FC|>2. Only genes coding for transcription factors recognized in the literature as relevant for myeloma pathogenesis are indicated. 
Stage TNM Description 5-year survival. 
Histological stages of human breast cancer. 
Abbreviations: T, status of primary tumor; N, regional lymph nodes; M, distant metastases. 
Characteristic N (%). 
Patient characteristics. 
(a) pEGFR   Low High Total. 
Cross-tables showing the correlations between the expression levels of different proteins. 
Abbreviations: EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; HER2=human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; pAKT=phosphorylated protein kinase B; pEGFR=phospho-EGFR; pERK=phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase; PI3K=phosphoinositide 3-kinase; PTEN=phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10. 
  EGFR FISH   Normal Amplification Total. 
Cross-table EGFR FISH and EGFR IHC. 
Abbreviations: EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; FISH=fluorescent in situ hybridisation; IHC=immunohistochemistry. 
Fischer exact test: P <0.001. 
Specificity, 97% sensitivity, 93%. 
Cox regression N (%) Hazard ratio (HR) for LRR (95% CI; P -value) Univariate. 
Cox regression analysis on IHC and clinical factors, both univariate and multivariate. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; ENS=extra nodal spread; HER2=human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; IHC=immunohistochemistry; pAKT=phosphorylated protein kinase B; pEGFR=phospho-EGFR; pERK=phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase; PI3K=phosphoinositide 3-kinase; PTEN=phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10. 
* P <0.05. 
Networks Nodes (genes; proteins) in Network Score Nodes Identified Nodes (Proteins) Top Functions. 
Signaling Pathway Networks that Involve Pituitary Adenoma Mapping Proteins. 
Networks Nodes (genes; proteins) in Network Score Nodes Identified Nodes (DEPs) Top Functions. 
Signaling Pathway Networks that Involve Human Pituitary Adenoma Differentially Expressed Proteins (DEPs). 
Networks Nodes (genes; proteins) in Network Score Nodes Identified Nodes (Nitroproteins) Top Functions. 
Signaling Pathway Networks that Involve Nitroproteomic Data From Pituitary Adenoma and Control. 
Oral Cavity Larynx Oropharynx Hypopharynx total. 
Clinical Pathological characteristics of studied population. 
Oral cavity : 25 mouth floor, 5 lower gum, 5 retromolar area, 10 tongue border, 1 hard palate, 1 tongue ventricular surface, 1 mouth anterior floor; Larynx : 6 aryepiglottic folds, 10 vocal cords, 3 epiglottis, 2 false cord; and Oropharynx : 2 glossotonsilar sulch, 6 tonsil, 1 soft palate, 1 vallecula. All 4 Hypopharynx tumors were from pyriform sinus. 
All patients n = 65 Oral Cavity n = 40 Larynx n = 15 Oropharynx n = 8. 
Smad mRNA expression in head and neck SCC and adjacent mucosa. 
T : tumor, M : adjacent mucosa. Values are presented as median ± standard deviation, * significant differences by Wilcoxon test. 
Variable Hazard ratio (95% CI) P value. 
Cox multivariate analyses of survival prediction in oral SCC. 
CI - confidence interval. 
Functional groups * Gene name Accession # † Gene ‡ Locus In vitro In vivo. 
Selected genes differentially expressed in LNCaP prostate tumor cells after exposure to tasquinimod for 24 h. 
* Functional classification by gene annotation enrichment analysis, gene clustering analysis and pathway mapping based on Gene Ontology data in DAVID Bioinformation database, † Genebank accession number. 
‡ Presented genes were significantly up (+) or down (-) regulated (FDR < 10%) in ?3 out of 4 biol replicates. 
** Expressed in 2 out of 4 replicates. 
Target gene Primer Sequence (5' => 3') Probe † Sequence (5' => 3') Amplicon length (bp). 
Primer and probe sets used for RT-PCR and semi-quantitative real time PCR*. 
* Designed, synthesized and purified by TIB MOLBIOL (Berlin, Germany). 
† Probes designated LC contain the acceptor dye LigtCycler Red 640 covalently attached at the 5'-end, and the FL probes contain the donor dye Fluorescein at the 3'-end. 
‡ Specific mouse- and human TSP1 primers sharing the same LC/FL probe sequence for TSP1 . 
Histological subtype Cases(N?=?36) Positive cellsMean ± SD +1 +2 +3   PAR 1 Etk/Bmx PAR 1 Etk/Bmx PAR 1 Etk/Bmx PAR 1 Etk/Bmx. 
Histological scoring of (N) cases : +1 less than 25% positive cells (weak positive); +2 between 25–75% positive cells (moderate); +3 more than 75% of positive cells (strong). All controls were negative (0–5% positive cells). Extent of expression classified by score (1–3), number of positive cells/field (x?=?8). 
Alteration Tumor. 
Akt signaling deregulation in tumors. Association with resistance to treatment. 
Author Phase n Chemotherapy a Results for cetuximab group. 
Trials evaluating use of cetuximab in combination with chemotherapy in first-line setting in Stage IIIb/IV NSCLC. 
All evaluated chemotherapy in addition to cetuximab (400 mg/m2 iv during the first week followed by 250 mg/m2 iv weekly) unless otherwise specified. 
Abbreviations: Cb, carboplatin; T, paclitaxel; CDDP, cisplatin; Gem, gemcitabine; AUC, area under the curve; Doc, docetaxel; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; mos, months; wk, weeks; NR, not reported; TTP, time to progression. 
Author Phase n Treatment Results. 
Trials evaluating the use of cetuximab with chemotherapy in relapsed/refractory in Stage IIIb/IV NSCLC. 
Abbreviations: OS, overall survival; TTP, time to progression; Pem, pemetrexed; ORR, overall response rate. 
Tumor type WHO grade Aberrant pathways. 
WHO classification of tumors subsumed under the category “Malignant glioma”. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; Rb, retinoblastoma; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; MDM2, murine double minute 2; WHO, World Health Organization. 
Author Agent Phase N Histology Newly Dx vs Progression. 
Epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor trials in adult malignant gliomas. 
Abbreviations: GBM, glioblastoma multiforme (gliosarcoma subjects are also included under this heading); AA, anaplastic astrocytoma; AO, anaplastic oligodendroglioma; AOA, anaplastic oligoastrocytoma; A, astrocytoma; Dx, diagnosis; O, oligodendroglioma; GA, gemistocytic astrocytoma; AG, anaplastic glioma (nonspecified); RT, radiation therapy; SRS, stereotactic radiosurgery. 
Study Additional agents Hisotology Setting Phase. 
Clinical trials of bevacizumab in gliomas. 
Notes: The paper by Lai and colleagues 84 reports the preliminary safety results on the first 10 patients of a larger phase II clinical trial. 
Abbreviations: GBM, glioblastoma multiforme; AA, anaplastic astrocytoma; AOA, anaplastic oligoastrocytoma; AO, anaplastic oligodendroglioma. 
Target Agents Phase n ClinicalTrials.gov identifier Histology Newly Dx vs Progression. 
A selection of ongoing clinical trials in malignant gliomas. 
Notes: Compiles various active (but not-yet published) clinical trials in malignant gliomas. All information is available on clinictrials.gov. The purpose of the table is to serve as a reference for the reader interested in the targeted therapies discussed in the paper. It provides the reader with information about what data may be published in the near future. 
Abbreviations: RT, radiation therapy; GBM, glioblastoma multiforme; AA, anaplastic astrocytoma; AOA, anaplastic oligoastrocytoma; Dx, diagnosis; RTK, receptor tyrosine kinase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HDAC, histone deacetlyase; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; PGF, placental growth factor; RAR, retinoic acid receptor; RXR, retinoid X receptor; MGMT, methylguanine methyl transferase; O6BG, O-6-benzylguanine. 
Panitumumab arm (n = 232) Best supportive care (n = 231). 
Summary of phase II registration trial results comparing best supportive care with panitumumab monotherapy in patients with previously treated metastatic colorectal cancer, having failed irinotecan- and oxaliplatin-based therapy. 
Abbreviations: PFS, progression-free survival; RR, response rate. 
Study title Study design Target accrual Primary objective/s Start date Locations/countries. 
Summary of ongoing clinical trials with panitumumab worldwide. 
Abbreviations: WT, wild-type; AUC, area under curve; mCRC, metastatic colorectal cancer; FOLFIRI, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan; FOLFOX, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, oxaliplatin; DLT, dose limiting toxicity; XELOX, capecitabine, oxaliplatin; CAPIRI, capecitabine, irinotecan; q2w, every 2 weeks. 
Author Accrual (# tumor assessed) KRAS status (%) Treatment ORR (%) PFS (months) WT, n (%) Mutant, n (%) WT Mutant WT Mutant. 
Summary of pivotal randomized clinical trials evaluating KRAS mutational status and impact on ORR and PFS in patients with mCRC treated with epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors. 
Abbreviations: WT, wild-type; ORR, overall response rate; PFS, progression-free survival; mCRC, metastatic colorectal cancer; FOLFIRI, fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan; C, cetuximab; FOLFOX, fluorouracil, leucovorin, oxaliplatin; Cap, capecitabine; Oxal, oxaliplatin; B, bevacizumab; BSC, best supportive care; wks, weeks. 
Patient population Prostate cancer Advanced others solid tumors Hepatocarcinoma. 
Phase I single agent studies of bortezomib. 
Abbreviations: PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; MTD, maximum-tolerated dose. 
Number of patients 21 14 25 51 31 29. 
Phase I combination studies of bortezomib in advanced solid tumors. 
Abbreviations: FDR, fixed dose rate; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; 5FU, 5-fluorouracil. 
Patient population Advanced NSCLC Advanced ovarian tumors Advanced head and neck cancer Advanced colorectal cancer. 
Phase I disease specific combination studies of bortezomib. 
Abbreviations: NSLC, nonsmall-cell lung cancer; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; NR, not reported; CBDCA, carboplatin; CDDP, cisplatin. 
Patient population Metastatic melanoma Recurrent/metastatic soft tissue sarcoma Metastatic neuroendocrine tumors Metastatic colorectal cancer Advanced renal tumors Metastatic breast cancer. 
Phase II single agent studies of bortezomib. 
Abbreviations: PR, partial response; SD, stable disease. 
Patient population Metastatic colorectal cancer Metastatic pancreatic carcinoma Pretreated NSCLC. 
Phase II combination studies of bortezomib. 
Abbreviations: RR, response rate; CPT, irinotecan. 
Trial N. patients Phase Design Endpoints Results Setting. 
Completed clinical trials with cetuximab in SCCHN. 
Notes:. 
Experimental arm. 
Abbreviations: OS, overall survival; PFS, progression free survival; ORR, overall response rate. 
Trial N. patients Phase Design Endpoints Results Setting. 
Ongoing clinical trials with cetuximab in SCCHN. 
Abbreviations: CRR, complete response rate; DCR, disease control rate; ORR, overall response rate. 
Collection URs Flanks Genome $ Ratio Flanks/URs P value URs vs Flanks. 
Density of transposons, per Mb, in the underreplicated regions (URs) and flanks. 
# Insertions with the integration sites smaller than 10 bp. 
$ Insertions in euchromatic regions of chromosomes X, 2 and 3. 
Actual numbers of insertions are shown in brackets. 
Collection$ in LR loci in ER loci Ratio ER/LR P value. 
Density of transposons, per 100 loci, in loci replicating late (LR) and early (ER) in Kc cells. 
$ Only sets with unique integration sites were used. 
Actual numbers of insertions are shown in brackets. 
Collection$ LR loci ER loci Ratio ER/LR P value. 
Density of transposons, per Mb, in loci replicating late (LR) and early (ER) in Kc cells. 
Actual numbers of insertions are shown in brackets. 
Primer Designation Sequence. 
Alpha1-Subunit Alpha1-Subunit  PE-NMT TM-1 TM-2 heptad TM-3. 
The Amino Acid Sequences in the M1 and M2 Transmembrane Helices of the ?1-Subunit of the Na/K-ATPase compared with the M3 Helix of the PE-N-methyltransferase. 
cDNA libraries Initial clustering Clonorchis sinensis Opisthorchis viverrini. 
Summarized as number of sequences (average sequence length ± standard deviation; minimum and maximum sequence lengths). 
Summarized as number of sequences (proportion of total sequences used for the analysis). 
cDNA libraries Characterization of transcripts Clonorchis sinensis Opisthorchis viverrini. 
Summarized as number of sequences (proportion of total sequences used in the analysis). 
Clonorchis sinensis sequences (n?=?50,769) Opisthorchis viverrini sequences (n?=?61,417)  with homology (%) with homology (%) Predicted proteins similar a to those in: <1E?05 <1E?15 <1E?30 <1E?05 <1E?15 <1E?30. 
All amino acid sequences conceptually translated from ORF-enriched sequence data were searched against protein databases using BLASTx employing permissive (E-value of <1E?05), moderate (E-value of <1E?15) and stringent (E-value of <1E?30) search strategies. 
Clonorchis sinensis sequences Opisthorchis viverrini sequences  (n?=?50,769) with homology (%) (n?=?61,417) with homology (%) Proteins predicted to be similar a to those in: 1E?05 1E?15 1E?30 1E?05 1E?15 1E?30. 
ORF-enriched sequence data were searched against protein databases by BLASTx using permissive (E-value of <1E?05), moderate (E-value of <1E?15) and stringent (E-value of <1E?30) search strategies. 
Proteins that were homologous to model organisms assessed in Table 3 . 
Clonorchis sinensis predicted proteins (50,769) similar a to those in: Sequences with homology to unique genes Cluster size b Estimated number of genes c. 
All amino acid sequences conceptually translated from ORF-enriched sequence data were searched against protein databases using BLASTx employing permissive (E-value of <1E?05) search strategies. 
Cluster size denotes the average number of sequences (± standard deviation) clustered with a unique gene. The numbers (range) of sequences representing each cluster are given in parentheses. 
The estimated number of unique genes is based on the multiplication of the number of ORF-enriched sequences by the predicted proportion of unique genes. 
Parental GO terms C. sinensis sequences (%) a O. viverrini sequences (%) Top GO term for C. sinensis (CS) and O. viverrini (OV). 
Values in parentheses are the percentage of the total number of predicted proteins within each GO category (i.e. biological process, molecular function or cellular component). 
The most frequently reported GO category and number of sequences within each category are summarized for each parental GO category. 
The parental (i.e. level 2) and specific GO categories were assigned according to InterPro domains with homology to functionally annotated genes. 
Parent KEGG pathway C. sinensis sequences (%) a O. viverrini sequences (%) Top KEGG pathway term b. 
Values in parentheses are the percentage of the total number of predicted proteins within each KEGG category. 
The most frequently reported KEGG biological pathway and number of sequences within each pathway. 
Snf1 Tor1 Pka1 Hog1. 
Schematic representation of the reconstruction of the protein-protein interaction map of the four key protein kinases of S. cerevisiae . 
Snf1 Tor1 Pka1 Hog1. 
Reconstruction of the second order protein-protein interactions and intermediate proteins involved in the protein-protein interaction map of the four key protein kinases of S. cerevisiae . 
Family Homo sapiens Drosophila melanogaster Caenorhabditis elegans Daphnia pulex Location ( D. pulex , v1.1). 
SP and KLF homologs:. 
The updated list of SP and KLF homologs with their accession numbers found in Homo sapiens (Build 36.3 downloaded from ftp://ftp.ncbi.nih.gov/genomes/H_sapiens/ARCHIVE/BUILD.36.3 ) Drosophila melanogaster (Build 4.1, downloaded from ftp://ftp.ncbi.nih.gov/genomes/Drosophila_melanogaster/RELEASE_4.1/ ), Caenorhabditis elegans (Build 7.1, downloaded from ftp://ftp.ncbi.nih.gov/genomes/Caenorhabditis_elegans/ARCHIVE/BUILD.7.1 ) and Daphnia pulex (Version 1.1 downloaded from http://genome.jgi-psf.org/Dappu1/Dappu1.download.ftp.html ). 
Family Homo sapiens Drosophila melanogaster Caenorhabditis elegans Daphnia pulex Location ( D. pulex , v1.1). 
The updated list of C2H2 zinc finger protein families, that have expansion in Homo sapiens , Drosophila melanogaster , Caenorhabditi s elegans and Daphnia pulex along with their accession numbers. 
Family Homo sapiens Drosophila melanogaster Caenorhabditis elegans Daphnia pulex Location ( D. pulex , v1.1). 
The updated list of C2H2 zinc finger protein families that are resistant to expansion or deletion in Homo sapiens , Drosophila melanogaster , Caenorhabditi s elegans and Daphnia pulex along with their accession numbers. 
Family Homo sapiens Drosophila melanogaster Caenorhabditis elegans Daphnia pulex Location ( D. pulex , v1.1). 
The updated list of C2H2 zinc finger families that are absent from one or more organisms along with their accession numbers. 
# Family Fullname Hs Dm Ce Dp. 
Number of C2H2 genes identified in Daphnia pulex (Dp) belonging to different families as compared to the updated list of C2H2 zinc finger gene families found in Homo sapiens (Hs), Drosophila melanogaster (Dm), and Caenorhabditi s elegans (Ce). 
Source Target Method Connectivity Intermediate Precision Recall. 
Comparison of IFDSD, ILP and EC on the yeast MAPK pathways. 
Four merits were compared among IFDSD, ILP and EC based on the yeast MAPK pathways. "Connectivity" and "intermediate" were about edges while precision and recall were about the nodes. Pathways predicted by IFDSD are always connected but the connectivity of the pathways predicted by ILP and EC depends on the parameters because they could filter the less-weighted edges. Since the nodes except the source and the target should transfer information from the source to the target, these "intermediate" nodes should have more than two edges linked to them. IFDSD and ILP always generate pathways satisfying this request whereas EC can not. Making sure the connectivity of the predicted pathways, the precision and recall were calculated by selecting the optimal parameters for each method on the yeast MAPK pathways. 
Pathways GO term Corrected P -value Pathway Frequency Genome Frequency. 
Functional enrichment analysis for the pathways from GPA1 to PRP39 identified by IFDSD. 
Accession Symbol Definition FC. 
Cell death-related genes in ?AP-2?/EGFP- expressingN202.1A cells. 
Microarray analysis (Illumina Ref-8 BeadChip) was performed on ?AP-2? (?#7, ?#15) or EGFP- (Co#5, Co#11) expressing N202.1A clones in triplicate and 25 modulated genes involved in cell death (6 decreased, 19 increased, see Methods) were found. FC = Fold change. p < 0.001; FC. +/- 1.5. 
FD 1 Number of DEG Network eligible Function eligible. 
Number of overall differentially expressed genes (DEG, Benjamini-Hochberg FDR ? 0.05) and DEG with cut-off of 1.5- and 3.0-fold difference in mRNA abundance between mammary parenchyma and fat pad from pre-weaned Holstein calves (ca. 65 d of age). 
Reported also is the number of DEG eligible for network and function/pathway analysis in Ingenuity Pathway Analysis ® . 
1Fold-difference between tissues (no difference = 1.0). 
IPA function P -value # DEG Main effect on function1 Associated functions. 
Significantly (Benjamini-Hochberg FDR ? 0.01) enriched functions among differentially expressed genes (DEG) highly-expressed in parenchyma relative to fat pad using Ingenuity Pathways Analysis® (IPA). 
Reported also are the number of genes per function (# DEG), the main effect of those genes within functions (annotation of function from IPA) with the direction of the effect, and other significantly-associated functions (based on effect on function). Details of the analysis are reported in Additional file 2 . 
1 Major (increase ? or decrease ?) or minor (increase ? or decrease ?) effects on function are obtained by the IPA "effect on function" and was considered major if the number of DEG in the specific effect on function denoted as increase/decrease is >10% compared to those DEG that decrease/increase. When no evident direction of the function could be envisaged a ? is reported. 
2 No effect on function provided by IPA. 
IPA function P -value # DEG Main effect on function1 Associated functions. 
Significantly (Benjamini-Hochberg FDR ? 0.01) enriched functions among differentially expressed genes (DEG) highly-expressed in fat pad relative to parenchyma tissue using Ingenuity Pathways Analysis® (IPA). 
Reported are the number of genes per function (# DEG), the main effect of those genes in functions (annotation of function from IPA) with the direction of the effect, and other significantly-associated functions (based on effect on function). Details of the analysis are reported in Additional file 2 . 
1 Major (? or ?) or minor (? or ?) effects on function are obtained by the IPA "effect on function" and was considered major if the number of DEG in the specific effect on function denoted as increase/decrease was greater > 10% compare to those DEG that decrease/increase. When no evident direction of the function was envisaged a ? is reported. 
Pathway P -value FDR # DEG. 
Top canonical metabolic and signaling (in bold font) pathways uncovered by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis® (Benjamini-Hochberg FDR ? 0.05) within differentially expressed genes (DEG) with > 1.5-fold mRNA abundance between parenchyma and fat pad in mammary gland from pre-weaned Holstein heifers. 
1Reported also are the pathways with Benjamini-Hochberg FDR ? 0.12. 
Name Description Biological functions/process 1 Type 2 FD 3. 
Parenchyma and fat pad cytokines and growth factors among DEG between tissues (1.5-fold difference in mRNA abundance). 
Reported in bold font are cytokines and growth factors differentially expressed in one of the two tissues which can potentially interact with highly-expressed DEG in the other tissue as shown in networks reported in Figure 5 and 6. 
1 NCBI GO annotation. 
2 Cytokines (Cyt) and growth factor (GrF). 
2 Fold difference (FD) in gene expression between tissues. 
Minimum number of binding sites per gene TFA2A binding site score threshold Genome-wide TFAP2A-regulated genes p (Fisher test). 
Identification of TFAP2A binding sites in the core promoter of candidate TFAP2A-modulated genes. 
Number of genome-wide or candidate TFAP2A-modulated human protein-coding genes containing at least one or two high score TFAP2A binding sites defined at various score thresholds (10%, 20%, 30%) in their core promoters. By considering only high-scoring sites we obtained a significant enrichment in TFAP2A-modulated genes compared with total binding sites, as shown by the p-values in the last column (exact Fisher Test). 
Genes. 
Distribution of genes containing TFAP2A binding sites. 
Distribution of genome-wide or TFAP2A-modulated genes based on absolute number of genes (or percentages, %) containing one or more high score (best 20%) TFAP2A binding sites in their core promoters. 
Gene Symbol ENSEMBL ID Microarray FC TFAP2A binding sequence TFAP2A binding score Position. 
TFAP2A binding site sequences present in the regulatory regions of some TFAP2A- modulated genes. 
For each ChIP-validated TFAP2A target gene or negative control (see figure 3 and 6) Gene Symbol, ENSEMBL IDs, TFAP2A binding site sequence, score and position (referring to the TSS as +1) are shown. ADAMTS1 : ADAM metallopeptidase with thrombospondin type 1 motif, 1; CASP9 : caspase 9; CD59 : CD59 molecule, complement regulatory protein; CXCL1 : chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand 1 (melanoma growth stimulating activity alpha); DCLBD2/ESDN : Endothelial and smooth muscle cell derived neuropiline like molecule; EREG : Epiregulin; FASTK : fast kinase; GLO1 : glyoxalase I; KRT16 : keratin 16; KRT17 : keratin 17; IFI44 : interferon-induced protein 44; PLCXD2 : pleckstrin homology-like domain family B member 2; PPARG : peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma; SLIT2 : slit homolog 2 (Drosophila); TGFBI : Transforming Growth Factor Beta-Induced. * low score binding sites, used as negative controls. 
TFAP2A-regulated genes Over-represented oligo TF Target genes p (Fisher test). 
Identification of transcription factor binding sites (TFBSs) present in TFAP2A- modulated genes by over-represented DNA oligonucleotides. 
For each TF its consensus binding site sequence, abbreviated name, number of target genes and statistical enrichment values (Fisher-score) are reported. * conserved over-represented oligo. 
TFAP2A-regulated genes OPOSSUM matrix (Jaspar CORE) TF Target genes p (Fisher test) Z-score. 
Identification of transcription factor binding sites (TFBSs) present in TFAP2A- modulated genes by opossum. 
For each TF its Positional Weight Matrix (PWM) numbers, abbreviated name, number of target genes and statistical enrichment values (Z-score, Fisher-score) are reported. 
TFAP2A-regulated genes MEME regular expression TF Target genes MEME E-value. 
Identification of transcription factor binding sites (TFBSs) present in TFAP2A- modulated genes by MEME analysis. 
For each TF its consensus binding site sequence, abbreviated name, number of target genes and statistical enrichment values (E-value) are reported. 
Down-modulated genes containing SP-1 binding sites ENSEMBL ID Gene symbol Microarray FC Oligo oPOSSUM MEME. 
Summary of TFAP2A-down-modulated genes containing SP1 binding sites in their promoters. 
A search for SP1 Transcription Factor Binding Sites (TFBS) was performed on the promoter regions (-900/+100) of 157 TFAP2A-down-modulated genes [ 39 ], mapped in ENSEMBL, containing at least one or two best 20% TFAP2A binding sites (see Table 1) using the SP1 Positional Weight Matrix (PWM) provided by Jaspar. 57 genes containing SP1 TFBS were identified. The outcome obtained with the Oligo, oPOSSUM and MEME analyses are also indicated (see Table 4, 5, 6). 
Primer sequence Product size. 
PCR primers used for bisulfite sequencing and methylation specific PCR. 
Name p-value Ratio Molecules. 
Top three canonical pathways in DAB2-expressing C666-1 cells. 
Clinical Characteristics Patient with subtelomeric imbalance confirmed by MLPA and Array (23 patients) N (%) Patients without sub-telomeric aberrations (428 patients) N (%). 
The clinical characteristics of DD/MR patients with or without subtelomeric aberrations. 
Patient ID MLPA Affymetrix human SNP 6.0 Array Clinical findings      Gain/loss Chromo-some band Start (Mb) End (Mb) Size (Mb) Number of genes Gender Age Seizure Autistic feature Dysmorphism or other congenital abnormalities Micro- cephaly Low birth weight Growth delay Family history. 
Clinical findings, MLPA and Affymetrix SNP array 6.0 results in 24 patients underwent array assay. 
+ = positive, / = negative. 
Patient no . Diagnosis Imatinib sensitive Imatinib resistance IC50 (nM). 
IC50 values of primary leukemia cells from patients with leukemia to pristimerin. 
Note: CML, chronic myelogeneous leukemia; JMML, juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia; ALL, acute lymphoid leukemia. 
Target Drug (s) Trial design Study population Outcome Ref. 
Summary of clinical trials targeting survival and apoptosis pathways in GBM. 
Study Patients Regimen Response rate mPFS PFS-6 mOS. 
Selected trials of bevacizumab treatment in recurrent malignant glioma. 
Number of patients. 
Abbreviations: AG, anaplastic gliomas; B, bevacizumab 10 mg/kg every 2 weeks; B + I, iriotecan 125–340 mg/m2 every 2 weeks; GBM, glioblastoma multiforme; IMRT, intensity modulated radiation therapy; MG, malignant glioma; mTTP, median time to tumor progression; m, months; NA, not available; PFS-6, 6-month progression-free survival; mOS, median overall survival; mPFS, median progression-free survical. 
Drug Target (IC50) IC50 IC50 IC50 Preclinical activity Clinical activity  Src FAK AbI IGFIR. 
Summary of FAK and Src inhibitors under clinical and preclinical development. 
Abbreviations: FAK, focal adhesion kinase; CML, chronic myelogenous leukemia; IGF, insulin-like growth factor; IC, inhibitory concentration. 
Features of tumor vasculature compared to normal blood vessels 8. 
Drug Indication. 
Current phase III randomized controlled trials of VEGF tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
Notes: All data from clinicaltrials.gov, accessed December 13, 2009. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; GIST, gastro-intestinal stromal tumor; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor. 
Agent Mechanism of action. 
Examples of biological vascular disrupting agents 89. 
Abbreviations: IL, interleukin; TES, tissue endothelium specific; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; scFv, single chain variable fragment; VCAM, vascular cell adhesion molecule; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Focus Genes Non-focus Genes Row Total. 
2 × 2 contingency table used for testing the significance of gene/protein enrichment in all IKB pathway annotations. 
RAS effector pathways Main function of the RAS signalling pathways Oncogenic RAS perturb the intrinsic biochemical properties of cell pathways. 
Consequences of oncogenic KRAS on cellular physiology and biology. 
Acceptors Donors. 
List of the atoms considered as acceptors and donors. For both classes, the 3-letter codes of the amino acids, the symbol used in the PDB files of the considered atom, and the maximum number of hydrogen bonds of atom are reported. 
Amino acid Position Proximity Hydropathy Sec.Struct. 
Example of a center of bond enlargement. The columns show the amino acid one-letter code, the residues coordinates, the status of proximity with respect to the pattern chain in the complex, the status of hydropathy (1 hydrophobic, 0 hydrophilic) and the secondary structure (H = alpha chain; L = loop) of every amino acid around a center of bond. The center of bond is represented by the amino acids within the bold lines (i.e., S and N); the grey-highlighted rows are the results of the symmetrical enlargement due to hydropathy, while the amino acid reported in italic (V) are grouped because of its proximity to the opposite chain. 
Class Amino Acids. 
Amino acids classes considered with respect to their hydropathy and charge. Every row shows the identification class and the amino acids components. 
Access number Score1 Score2 Best motif of sequence Best struct. motif Score3 Number int. sites Score4 Final score. 
Overview of the scores used to rank the putative GRB2 interactors. NCBI protein accession number, Score1, Score2, the sequence and the structure configuration of the best motif, Score3 and Score4, were reported. The last column showed the final score assigned to each interactor. 
Disrupted genes (animal) Expression level and modification of Schwann cell proteins Nerve pathology and functional deficits References. 
Loss-of-function studies for DGC components. 
BM: basement membrane, DG: dystroglycan, S-L: Schmidt-Lanterman, NMJ: neuromuscular junction, Sc: Schwann cell. 
GO Biological Processes Associated Genes. 
Genes associated with the Gene Ontology (GO) biological processes shown in Figure 1B and 1C. 
Bio-Functions Associated Genes. 
Genes associated with IPA bio-functions and canonical pathways that are different from the GO categories shown in Table 1. 
Data source Proteins SwissProt proteins (coverage) Interactions Reference. 
Data sources used to predict protein functional interactions. 
To calculate the coverage of SwissProt, we used 20,332, the total identifier number in SwissProt (UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot Release 56.9, 3 March 2009), as the denominator. The numbers of interactions from three model organisms have been mapped to human proteins based on Ensembl Compara [ 48 ] (see text for details). aNumbers of PPIs in the original species. BP, biological process. 
Data source Proteins SwissProt proteins (coverage) Interactions Reference. 
Pathway data sources in the functional interaction network. 
SwissProt coverages were calculated as described in Table 1. NCI Pathway Interaction Database has two divisions: batch-imported pathways from BioCarta [ 83 ] and pathways hand-curated by NCI Nature pathway curators. We represent these two divisions separately. TRED is a transcription factor/target database. We have imported the human curated part of transcription factor-target interactions from this database for our network. 
Source type Proteins SwissProt proteins (coverage) Interaction. 
Protein identifiers and functional interactions in the extended FI network. 
FIs listed in the pathways row include transcription factor-target interactions imported from the TRED database. 
Pathway gene FI partner Reference Comment. 
Literature references for predicted FIs added to human curated GBM pathway from the TCGA GBM data set. 
Data set Cancer genes Genes in FI network (%) Genes in cluster Percentage of genes in cluster ( P -value via random permutation). 
Clustering of GBM-related altered genes occurring in two or more samples in the FI network. 
The numbers in the 'Cancer genes' column are for altered genes in two or more samples from the TCGA and Parsons data sets. Genes were collected using both somatic mutations and CNVs. 
Data set Cancer genes Random permutation ( P -value) Degree-based permutation ( P -value). 
Average shortest distance for GBM clusters. 
The values in the 'Cancer genes' column are from the cancer clusters, while those in the two permutation columns are from permutation tests. Random permutation is done via randomly picking up the same number of genes from the biggest connected graph component as for the cancer genes, and degree-based permutation is done by picking up genes from different bins based on the degree distributions of cancer genes. The gene bins are dynamically generated based on the sorted list of degrees from the cancer genes. 
1. Perturbation event at the allosteric site 2. Extent of conformational change at the substrate site 3. Dominant thermodynamic factor 4. Allosteric cooperativity 5. Location of functional site 6. Functional oligomer status in action. 
Molecular and Cellular Functions Significance Number of genes1 (%). 
Functional comparison of hepatoma and regeneration in young and old. 
1Thirty six, 32, 13, and 94 genes of the signature genes for HCC in young, HCC in old, Regenerated in young and Regenerated in old, respectively, mapped to corresponding genes in the knowledgebase. 
Gene Symbol 1 Description Chromosomal Loci P-value qRT-PCR Independent Validation Datasets .            Human Rat      Chiang et al. Boyault et al. Liao et al. Liu et al. 
List of 35 cross-species conserved early HCC signature genes with qRT-PCR and independent human/rat early HCC validations overlaid. 
1 Genes with asterisk are also located in the chromosomal CNA regions. 
NA indicates genes for which qRT-PCR data are not available. 
aValidation was performed using whole blood of human early HCC patients (p < 0.05). 
bValidation was performed on rat early HCC tissues (p < 0.05); five additional rat genes that are not listed in Table 2 are also confirmed (Figure 6). 
cDifferentially expressed (p < 0.02 and fold change (FC) > 1.8); NS: Not significant. 
dDifferentially expressed: FC > 1.8, but not statistically significant (p > 0.05). 
Strain 1 I4L locus 2 F4L locus 2 J2R locus 2. 
All strains were generated in the Western Reserve (WR) strain of VACV. 
“+” indicates locus is intact and “?” indicates locus is disrupted. Marker genes and inserted viral or human genes present at disrupted loci are in parentheses. Abbreviations: His, His6 epitope tag; Flag, Flag epitope tag; R1BD, R1-binding domain; VACV, vaccinia virus; ECTV, ectromelia virus; MYX, myxoma virus; SFV, Shope fibroma virus; HR1, human R1; Hp53R2, human p53R2. See Materials and Methods and Text S1 for further details. 
Virus Mean EC50 of Compound  CDV (µM) 1 Fold Change 2 HU (mM) 1 Fold Change 2 PAA (µg/mL) 1 Fold Change 2. 
Values in parentheses represent 95% confidence intervals. 
Compared to mean EC50 of wild-type virus. Bold values indicate statistically significant (P<0.05) differences from wild-type values. 
PATHWAY GENE METHYLATION STATUS IN CMa PERCENT FREQUENCY SOURCE MODULATED BY 5-AZA-CdR REF. 
Genes with an altered DNA methylation status in human CM. 
a, methylation status of the gene found in CM as compared to that found in normal tissue;. 
b, gene symbol: APAF-1, Apoptotic Protease Activating Factor 1; APC, adenomatous polyposis coli; BAGE, B melanoma antigen; BST2, bone marrow stromal cell antigen 2; CCR7, chemokine (C-C motif) receptor 7; CDH1, cadherin 1;CDH8, cadherin 8; CDH13, cadherin 13; CDKN1B, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B; CDKN1C, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1C; CDKN2A, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 2A; COL1A2, alpha 2 type I collagen; CXCR4, chemokine (C-X-C motif) receptor 4; CYP1B1, cytochrome P450, family 1, subfamily B, polypeptide 1; DAPK, death-associated protein kinase; DDIT4L, DNA-damage-inducible transcript 4-like; DERL3, Der1-like domain family, member 3; DNAJC15, DnaJ homolog, subfamily C, member 15; DPPIV, dipeptidyl peptidase IV; ENC1, ectodermal-neural cortex-1; EPB41L3, erythrocyte membrane protein band 4.1-like 3; ER?, Estrogen Receptor alpha; FAM78A, Family with sequence similarity 78, member A; GDF15, growth differentiation factor 15; HAND1, heart and neural crest derivatives expressed 1; HLA class I, human leukocyte class I antigen; HMW-MAA, high molecular weight melanoma associated antigen; HOXB13, homeobox B13; HS3ST2, heparan sulfate (glucosamine) 3-O-sulfotransferase 2; HSPB6, heat shock protein, alpha-crystallin-related, B6; HSPB8 heat shock 22 kDa protein 8; LRRC2, leucine rich repeat containing 2; LOX, lysyl oxidase; LXN, latexin; MAGE, melanoma-associated antigen, MFAP2, microfibrillar-associated protein 2; MGMT, O-6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase; MIB2, mindbomb homolog 2; MT1G, metallothionein 1G; NKX2-3, NK2 transcription factor related, locus 3; NPM2, nucleophosmin/nucleoplasmin 2; OLIG2, oligodendrocyte lineage transcription factor 2; PAX2, paired box 2; PAX7, paired box 7; PCSK1, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 1; PGR?, progesterone receptor ?; PPP1R3C, protein phosphatase 1, regulatory (inhibitor) subunit 3C; PRDX2, Peroxiredoxin; PTEN, Phosphatase and tensin homologue; PTGS2, prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2; PTPRG, Protein tyrosine phosphatase, receptor type, G; QPCT, glutaminyl-peptide cyclotransferase; RARB, Retinoid Acid Receptor ?2; RASSF1A, RAS associacion domain family 1; RIL, Reversion-induced LIM; RUNX3, runt-related transcription factor 3; SERPINB5, serpin peptidase inhibitor, clade B, member 5; SLC27A3, Solute carrier family 27; SOCS, suppressor of cytokine signaling; SYK, spleen tyrosine kinase; TFPI-2, Tissue factor pathway inhibitor-1; THBD, thrombomodulin; TIMP3, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 3; TMS1, Target Of Methylation Silencing 1; TNFRSF10C, tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, member 10C; TNFRSF10D, tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, member 10D; TP53INP1, tumor protein p53 inducible nuclear protein 1; TPM1, tropomyosin 1 (alpha); TRAILR1, TNF-related apoptosis inducing ligand receptor 1; TSPY, testis specific protein, Y-linked; UNC5C, Unc-5 homologue C; WFDC1, WAP four-disulfide core domain 1; WIF1, Wnt inhibitory factor 1; XAF1, XIAP associated factor 1. 
c, NA, not applicable; ND, not done; TBD, to be determined. 
PATHWAY GENE SOURCE HDACi MODULATION BY HDACi FUNCTION REFERENCE. 
Genes potentially regulated by modifications of histone acetylation in human CM. 
a, gene symbol: BAK, BCL2-antagonist/killer; Bax, BCL2-associated X protein; Bid, BH3 interacting domain death agonist; BIM, bcl-2 interacting mediator of cell death; CASP3,caspase-3; CASP8, Caspase 8; CCNA, cyclin A; CCND1, cyclin D1; CCND3, cyclin D3; CCNE, cyclin E; CCNE, cyclin E; CDKN1A, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1A; LEF-1, lymphoid enhancer factor-1; MCL-1, myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1; MMP2, matrix metallopeptidase 2; MMP10, matrix metallopeptidase 10; OSMR, oncostatin M receptor beta; TP53, tumor protein p53; TRAILR2, TNF-related apoptosis inducing ligand receptor 2; XIAP, X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis. 
b, HDACi: NaB, sodium butyrate; SAHA, suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid; SBHA, suberic bishydroxamic acid; TSA, tricostatin A; VPA, valproic acid. 
PATHWAY miRNA TARGETED GENE EXPRESSIONa SOURCE REFERENCE. 
miRNAs altered in human CM. 
a, level of expression of miRNAs in CM as compared to that found in normal melanocytes;. 
b, gene symbol: CDK4, cycline dependent kinase 4; FOXO3, forkhead box O3; ITGB3, integrin beta 3; MITF, microphthalmia-associated transcription factor; NIK, nuclear factor-inducing kinase; Rbp1-like, retinoblastoma binding protein 1 like; SKI, v-ski sarcoma viral oncogene homolog;. 
c, predicted target genes that have not been confirmed are indicated with question marks (?);. 
d, TBD: to be determined. 
Molecule (commercial name) Tumor Phase Combination Identifiera. 
Ongoing clinical trials with epigenetic drugs in CM patients. 
a, identifier of the trial as retrieved from: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov . 
TITLE PATENT NUMBER PUBLICATION DATE. 
Published patents on CM epigeneticsa. 
a, as retrieved from database search on: http://ep.espacenet.com. 
Classification of Esophageal cancer No. of patients Cancer grade Sex of patients No. of patients. 
Table representing distribution of patients and their classification into different cancer grades. 
Characteristic Weekly CetIri 250 mg/m 2 Biweekly CetIri 500 mg/m 2. 
Efficacy of treatment with weekly cetuximab and irinotecan (CetIri) or biweekly CetIri in two consecutive periods 64. 
NC = No change; PFS = Progression-free survival; OS = Overall survival. 
Oncoprotein class Inhibited by PLZF Not inhibited by PLZF. 
Virus/Virus protein Host pathway Function Effect. 
Molecular mechanisms involved in modulation of host innate immune systems by viruses. 
KEGG pathway spot no Ac. No . Name ratio P value Related Neurological disease. 
Identified proteins and related pathways and neurological diseases summary. 
Note: Most proteins in this table are involved in gene-ontology metabolic process except those proteins marked by *. 
Gene p-value q-value. 
1 p and q values were obtained by EDGE analysis performed on the two biological replicates (see Materials and Methods ). 
Characteristics/treatment options CML CMML APL AML. 
The main morphological, clinical, cytogenetic and molecular genetic characteristics, and treatment options, in the major myeloid malignancies. 
allo-SCT, allogenic stem cell transplantation; AML, acute myeloid leukemia; APL, acute promyelocytic leukemia; ATRA, all- trans retinoic acid; CML, chronic myeloid leukemia; CMML, chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor. 
Experimental groups (number of patients) Sex (M/F) Age (mean±s.d.). 
Abbreviations: F=female; M=male. 
Variables Training set ( n =26) Validation set 1 ( n =80) Validation set 2 ( n =35). 
Abbreviations: RX=unresectable case; UICC=Union Internationale Contre le Cancer. 
  CA19-9 false negative (%) p-ERK1/2-positive in CA19-9 false negative (%). 
Abbreviations: CA19-9=carbohydrate tumour-associated antigen 19-9; p-ERK1/2=phospho-extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1/2. 
Cell line TNM a Grade a Stage Type of lesion Primary location Authentication Primary reference Reported p53 status b p53 Status (this study) Nutlin response p53 Mutation effect. 
Abbreviations: DN=dominant negative; DN?=questionable dominant negative; Het=heterozygous mutation, wild-type sequence is also present; mut=no wild-type sequence detected – loss of heterozygosity (LOH); M-WD=moderately to well differentiated; MWD=moderately well differentiated; PD=poorly differentiated; R=resistant; S=sensitive; TA?ve=compromised transcriptional activation function (IARC database); TNM=Tumour node metastasis; WD=well differentiated. 
TNM classification and staging is according to the American Joint Committee on cancer of the larynx. 
D indicates that the tumor cell lines were originally compared with microsatellite polymorphisms from normal tissue or cells from the same individual, as described in Frank et al (1997) . 
17A and 17AS are morphologically distinct and 17A grows more slowly. 
Interferon-?s licensed by the U.S.F.D.A. which have anti-tumor applications (highlighted in red). *The market and sale of Roferon-A in the United States was discontinued in September 2007. This action was NOT due to the safety or efficacy of the product. 
PQQ treatment group Parameter PQQ+ PQQ? PQQ+/? PQQ?/+ LC. 
PQQ+, values for rats fed on an ASD containing 2 mg/kg PQQ; PQQ?, values for rats fed on an ASD devoid of PQQ; PQQ+/?, values for rats subjected to a short-term PQQ depletion (48 h); PQQ?/+, values for rats subjected to a PQQ repletion via intraperitoneal injection at 1.5 mg of PQQ/kg of body weight every 12 h for a period of 36 h. The relative amounts of liver mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) and nuclear DNA measured by real-time PCR. The targeted genes were the nuclear CF and the mitochondrial ND-5 gene. Values within each row labelled with differing superscript letters indicate a difference between the groups of P <0.05 using a Dunnett's test. 
PQQ treatment group (fold change relative to PQQ+)  Gene PQQ? PQQ+/? PQQ?/+ Associated functions. 
An asterisk (*) indicates a significant increase or decrease in gene expression relative to values for the corresponding control group. The analysis was performed by means of SAM analysis using the Integromics Biomarker Discovery microarray data analysis software. Values within each row labelled with differing superscript letters indicate a difference between the groups of P <0.05 using a Dunnett's test. CaM, calmodulin; CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; CTL, cytotoxic T-cell; IL, interleukin; NF-??, nuclear factor ?B; NMDA, N -methyl- D -aspartate; PG, prostaglandin; SAPK, stress-activated protein kinase; TGF, transforming growth factor; TNF, tumour necrosis factor. 
PQQ treatment group (fold change relative to PQQ+)  Gene PQQ? PQQ+/? PQQ?/+ Associated functions. 
An asterisk (*) indicates a significant increase or decrease in gene expression relative to values for the corresponding control group. The analysis was performed by means of SAM analysis using the Integromics Biomarker Discovery microarray data analysis software. Values within each row labelled with differing superscript letters indicate a difference between the groups of P <0.05 using a Dunnett's test. ABC, ATP-binding-cassette; CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; DMT, divalent metal transporter; ER, endoplasmic reticulum; MARCKS, myristoylated alanine-rich protein C-kinase substrate; SNAP, soluble N -ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion protein-attachment protein; VAMP, vesicle-associated membrane protein. 
PQQ treatment group (fold change relative to PQQ+)  Gene PQQ? PQQ+/? PQQ?/+ Associated functions. 
An asterisk (*) indicates a significant increase or decrease in gene expression relative to values for the corresponding control group. The analysis was performed by means of SAM analysis using the Integromics Biomarker Discovery microarray data analysis software. Values within each row labelled with differing superscript letters indicate a difference between the groups of P <0.05 using a Dunnett's test. HO, haem oxygenase; IL, interleukin. 
Gene Function Methylation frequency Stage of methylation Marker for early detection? Refs. 
Summary of genes whose promoters are frequently methylated in prostate cancer. 
Abbreviation: NA, not available. 
Gene/Gene cohort Specimen Sensitivity % Specificity % Refs. 
Methylated genes used for early detection of prostate cancer from biopsy and biological fluid specimens. 
Abbreviations: NA, not available; ND, not determined. 
Main microRNAs Related to Pluripotency, Self-Renewal and Differentiation in Stem Cells. 
Transfected DNA source Foci/?g DNA* Transformation efficiency** 95% confidence intervals. 
Transforming activity of HCCR-1 in HEK-293 cells. 
*HEK-293cells (3 × 105 cells) were transfected with 5 ?g of DNA obtained from indicated source. The results reported here were derived from 3 independent experiments. 
**Transformed cell aggregates, foci, were counted by visual examination starting 2-3 weeks after transfection and the transformation efficiencies ( i.e ., the number of foci per microgram of DNA transfected) were determined. 
Protein Database entry Test 4 Spine 4 Tooth 5 Spicule. 
Occurrence of SM proteins and other C-type lectin-like domain-containing proteins in sea urchin skeletal element proteomes. 
++ among the 33% of most abundant proteins in the respective skeletal element; + , present; (+) , tentatively identified; - , not identified. 1 , SM30-B and SM30-C are 97% identical, two identified peptides potentially occur in both proteins. 2 , it was noticed during the present data analysis that SpBase and Glean3 database contained different sequences for SM30-D; re-analysis confirmed the presence of SM30-D in adult tissues . 3 , the absence of the PM27 sequence in the Glean3 database was only noticed, and its sequence added, during data evaluation for the present report. The data for test, spine and tooth were obtained by re-analysis of the old raw-files with MaxQuant. 4 , [ 25 , 27 ]. 5 , [ 26 , 27 ]. Recent gene expression data for the SM30 family [derived from Figure 2 and Figure 5 of reference [ 44 ]] are shown in square brackets. The SM30 family of proteins is in bold print; the SM50 family of proteins is in italics. 
Glean3_entry Sp-base name Test 1 Spine 1 Tooth 2 Spicule. 
Distribution of matrix metalloproteases in different matrices. 
Entries are ordered with decreasing Glean3 numbers . 1 , [ 25 , 27 ]. 2 , [ 26 , 27 ]. ++ , among the 33% of most abundant proteins in the respective skeletal element; + , present; - , not identified. 
Glean3_entry Sp-base name Test 1 Spine 1 Tooth 2 Spicule. 
Occurrence of MSP130 and related proteins in S. purpuratus skeletal elements. 
Entries are ordered with decreasing Glean3 numbers. 1 , [ 25 , 27 ]. 2 , [ 26 , 27 ]. 3 , Sp-ApL (alkaline phosphatase-like) has only limited similarity to alkaline phosphatases but is very similar to MSP130-related 2. ++ , among the 33% of most abundant proteins in the respective skeletal element; + , present; - , not identified. 
Name p -value range No. molecules. 
Top biological functions and networks affected by MAA. 
Shown is a summary of results of Ingenuity Pathway bio-functional analysis to identify biological functions or disease networks that are most significant to the 5 mM MAA data set. Genes that met the threshold criteria defined in Materials and Methods and were associated with biological functions or diseases in the Ingenuity Pathway Analysis Knowledge Base were considered in the analysis. Each network includes a set of molecules, which usually perform more than one function. Fischer's exact test was used to calculate a p -value indicating the probability that each biological function and/or disease assigned to the data set is due to chance alone. Shown is the p -value range, which indicates the lowest and highest p -values corresponding to all molecules included in each network, and the total number of molecules present in the network. 
Group Sub-group 3 h MAA 8 h MAA 24 h MAA Genes in each subgroup (number). 
Classification of MAA responsive genes by duration of MAA treatment required to elicit response. 
The 5 mM MAA-responsive genes were divided into 3 groups, early response (3 h), mid response (8 h) and late response (24 h) based on the minimum period of MAA exposure that was required to evoke a gene response compared to control cells. The direction of response is indicated as Up (up-regulation), Down (down-regulation) or - (no significant response). 21 other genes that did not meet these MAA response criteria are shown in Additional file 2 . 
Response Top term Enrich-ment score Cluster gene count p -value. 
Gene functional clusters affected by MAA for each sub-group. 
Listed are the top three gene functional clusters affected by MAA as determined using DAVID database. The top term for each cluster, the cluster enrichment score and the number of regulated genes in each cluster are listed. 
Type of Malignancy Claudin gene  Expression. 
Expression of Claudins in Cancer. 
Name Cell type expression Biological effects. 
Adipokines involved in energy balance/metabolism. 
Name Cell type expression Biological effects. 
Adipocytokines, chemokines, vascular proteins, and other proinflammatory markers produced in WAT and systemic sites and involved in the inflammatory-obesity responses. 
Experiment n Input Genes Top-scoring PWMs z Score n Target Genes Example Target Genes. 
Coexpressed gene sets were extracted from published microarray or ChIP-chip experiments, or from the FlyBase Gene Ontology annotation. The complete cis TargetX results of these analyses can be found on the cis TargetX Web site ( http://med.kuleuven.be/cme-mg/lng/cisTargetX ). 
CG Symbol BR Motif (BR) GOF/LOF GFP Location dTSS Size. 
List of cis TargetX-predicted Ato target enhancers. The third column, BR, is the best rank obtained in cis TargetX for that gene among the rankings of all significant E-box motifs. dTSS is the distance to the transcription start site. Location: an enhancer can be both upstream and intronic depending on alternative transcripts. GFP is “+” if the produced GFP colocalizes with and/or is expressed downstream of Ato, in at least one Ato-dependent tissue. Positive enhancers are shown in bold. Previously known Ato target enhancers were recovered (i.e., positive controls) for ato , sens , and dap . Previously known Scute target enhancers were identified for siz , Traf4 , m4 , and E(spl) . 
Gene Set n Input Genes Data Source Motif Motif Rank z Score n Target Genes Candidate TF. 
For each gene set, one or more high-scoring motifs are in agreement with eye-developmental TFs and result in a subset of direct targets. Together, the motif-associated TF and its target genes allow mapping a retinal GRN ( Figure S11 ). 
Characteristic Number. 
Patient Characteristics (Study A and B). 
* ECOG PS: Eastern Co-operative Oncology Group Performance Status. 
A  . 
Study A; Number of Patients with Treatment-Related Toxicities and Study B; Number of Patients with Treatment-Related Toxicities. 
Genotype FSH (ng/ml) N.S., * LH (ng/ml) N.S. T (ng/dl) N.S. E2 (pg/ml). 
Values are means ± standard errors. 
Statistically different values by Tukey-Kramer HSD are represented by different letters in superscript (a vs. b, p<0.05). 
N.S., Not significant by one-way ANOVA (p>0.05). 
*, FSH values of Inha +/? Rb +/? vs. Inha ?/? and Inha +/? Rb +/? vs. Inha/Rb dKO are significantly different by one-tailed t test (p<0.05). 
Genes Forward primers Reverse primers Probes. 
Nucleotide sequences for primers and probes used in the present study. 
Legend: FAM = fluorescein; DQ = dark quencher dye. 
Gene Cancerous tissue, Unaffected tissue, P transcripts a.u. a.u. 
Distribution of gene transcript levels (medians and interquartile (25th–75th) ranges of values in arbitrary units, a.u) in cancerous and unaffected tissues. Results of paired sample analysis (Wilcoxon's test) are shown ( P ). 
Transcripts Survival (months) P C. T. / U.T >1 C. T. / U.T ? 1. 
Average survival times in subjects classified according to the expression levels of different transcript in cancerous (C.T.) versus unaffected (U.T.) tissues. Medians and interquartile (25th–75th) ranges of values are shown, as well as the results of the Mann-Whitney U test ( P ). 
Changes in HMGA2 WT cells Changes in HMGA2trunc cells. 
Identification of genes most differentially expressed between the parental cell line and the over-expressing cell lines. 
The 15 most down- (a) and up-(b) regulated genes were ranked according to the expression fold change between transfectants and parental cells based on the microarray data. Changes in gene expression were validated by real time PCR using TaqMan assays, values in brackets are relative to those for the eGFP controls, for comparison. The expression level of each target gene was normalized for TBP expression and represented as fold induction over parental cells. Fold change ratios from both microarray (MA) and real-time assay (qPCR), including qPCR values (marked by an asterisk) calculated relative to those from eGFP only control cells, are shown. 
Biological processes affected by over-expression of wild type and truncated HMGA2. 
Functional annotation analysis of differentially expressed genes. 
The genes were classified into biological processes using gene ontology terms. Each biological process was determined if it was significantly over- or underrepresented ( p < 0.05) by comparing the observed frequency of genes to the expected frequency of genes on the Affymetrix GeneChip that cover 50 547 known genes. Significantly over- or under-represented processes were grouped and ranked according to the geometric mean of their p-values. A representative annotation term for each cluster, the number of genes associated with the term and its p-value was listed. 
Variables Treatment group (n = 33) Control group (n = 35) p-value. 
Patients characteristics. 
Abbreviations: NS: non significant, ECOG PS: Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status. 
Variables Treatment Group Control Group Treatment vs Control group    Mean Median Mean Median p-value  cells/mm 2 cells/mm 2 cells/mm 2 cells/mm 2   (SD) (range) (SD) (range) . 
Mean numbers of tumor-infiltrating immune cells in treatment and control groups. 
Abbreviations: SD: Standard Deviation. 
UNIVARIATE ANALYSIS. 
Univariate and multivariate analysis of factors associated with OR and PFS. 
Abbreviations: CI: Confident interval, MT: mutated, WT: wild type, OR: overall response rate, PFS: Progression-free survival. 
DNA replication/repair Mitosis Chromatin/epigenetic regulation. 
List of known Rb1-repressed genes identified as potential Tbx2 targets. 
Boldface indicates genes that are targeted by ER-Tbx2(1-301) but not by the ER-Tbx2(1-301mt) protein, which does not bind Rb1. Asterisks mark genes that are not regulated by E2F. 
*1 animal had an anteriorly shifted AC above P5.px, and accordingly expression was seen in only P5.px. 
By Fisher's exact test, not significantly different from nIs106 ( P >0.5). 
2/49 animals had an anteriorly shifted AC located above P5.p, and accordingly showed expression in descendants of P3.p, P7.p, and P8.p. 
TREATMENT MUSCLE    Soleus EDL Tibialis. 
C26 induces muscle wasting. 
The indicated muscles were dissected from control or tumor-bearing (C26) mice three weeks following tumor transplant and their wet mass evaluated. Reported is the mean ± SEM of at least three independent experiments (for each data point, the number of replicates, "n", is: 4 < n < 10). Two-way ANOVA (F = 92.3, p < 0.0001 between rows; F = 534.9, p < 0.0001 between columns) indicates a statistically significant effect on muscle mass, independently of muscle type, induced by the presence of the tumor. * = p < 0.01 versus matching control by Student's t test. 
Gene Symbol Gene Name Entrez Gene No . 2 hr 6 hr 12 hr 24 hr 48 hr 72 hr. 
List of "apoptosis" genes selectively upregulated in cluster 3. 
Gene Symbol Gene Name Entrez Gene No . 2 hr 6 hr 12 hr 24 hr 48 hr 72 hr. 
List of "response to stimulus" genes selectively upregulated in cluster 1. 
rank pathway (total gene count) p-value count. 
High frequency pathways* identified by KEGG/pathway analysis in clusters 1, 2, and 3. 
*, Listed pathways are all statistically significant (P < 0.05). "total gene count" means the number of genes in each pathway, which have already been registered in KEGG system, and "count" means the number of genes, which were expressed significantly in each pathway in this study. 
Target Protein Forward Primer Reverse Primer PCR Product Size (bp) Sequence Accession No . 
Sequences of primers used for real-time PCR. 
ND ( n = 35) DM ( n = 25). 
Participant characteristics. 
P < 0.05 versus ND; ND: non-diabetic; DM: type 2 diabetes; BMI: body mass index; FPG: fasting plasma glucose. 
Substrate specificity and tissue expression of sugar transporters. 
Transporter Tissues Roles and properties. 
Sugar transporters and their expression in cancer. 
Gene Fold Downregulation. 
TLX1/NOTCH signature gene response to MYC inhibition in ALL-SIL cells. 
Fold downregulation was defined as the ratio of the qRT-PCR values obtained for untreated cells (DMSO) versus cells treated for 2 days with 50 ?M of the MYC inhibitor 10058-F4. 
Cell line* Lymphoma** Supplier DNA methylation analysis. 
Cell lines included in the study and type of method for DNA methylation analysis. 
*The SOX11 gene was sequenced in all cell lines. 
** see text for abbreviations. 
*** Kindly provided by Dr Kristina Drott, Lund University. 
**** Kindly provided by Dr Martin Dyer at Leicester University. 
***** Kindly provided by Dr Mats Ehinger, Lund University. 
D direct sequencing. 
T TOPO-TA cloning of individual alleles. 
DSMZ, Deutsche Sammlung von Mikroorganismen und Zellkulturen GmbH. 
Gene name Primer & probe sequences (5' to 3') Reference sequence Amplicon length. 
Primer and TAMRA probe sequence information for qRT-PCR. 
F = forward, R = reverse. Reference sequence = NCBI accession except for GABRD . 
* = Probe set sequence using NetAffx annotation for the GeneChip® rhesus Macaque Genome Array http://www.affymetrix.com/analysis/index.affx. 
Selection MBH + HPC + AMD MBH HPC + AMD  Optimal single gene Optimal gene combo Optimal single gene Optimal gene combo Optimal single gene Optimal gene combo. 
NormFinder qRT-PCR expression stability analysis summary. 
§ = ALG9 , RPL13A , GAPDH , GABRA4 and GABRA1 . * = ALG9 , RPL13A and GAPDH. 
GAPDH RPL13A ALG9. 
BestKeeper qRT-PCR descriptive statistics for internal reference genes. 
n = number of samples; CP = Crossing point; std dev [± CP] = standard deviation of the CP; CV. 
[% CP] = variance coefficient expressed as a percentage of the CP level. 
HRT: brain region. 
20 most stably expressed probe sets across brain regions of macaques in HRT study. 
1444 probe sets annotated for genes in the independently verified set were analyzed. Probe sets in the table are in order of most stably expressed to least stably expressed within the top 20. "descriptor" is the gene symbol most closely representing annotation at the time of table creation. Here "GEN = " annotations were prioritized. "---" = no gene symbol listed. "exp" = gene expression represented by hybridization signal intensity [ 52 ]. 
"+" and "-" symbols represent signal intensity values averaged across all animals and obtained using Affymetrix® GCOS analysis, and global scaling to an average target intensity of 200. (-) = "undetectable", (+) = "signal intensity < 500", (++) = "signal intensity 500-1500", (+++) = "signal intensity 1501-10000". (++++) = "signal intensity > 10000". 
HRT: brain region. 
20 most stably expressed probe sets detected in MAS 5.0 analysis of HRT study. 
824 probe sets were selected from the 1444 HRT probe sets annotated for housekeeping genes based on MAS 5.0 signal intensity and detection call metrics. Probe sets in the table are in order of most stably expressed to least stably expressed within the top 20. "descriptor" is the gene symbol most closely representing annotation at the time of table creation. Here "GEN = " annotations were prioritized. "---" = no gene symbol listed. "exp" = gene expression represented by hybridization signal intensity [ 52 ]. 
"+" and "-" symbols represent signal intensity values averaged across all animals and obtained using Affymetrix® GCOS analysis, and global scaling to an average target intensity of 200. (-) = "undetectable", (+) = "signal intensity < 500", (++) = "signal intensity 500-1500", (+++) = "signal intensity 1501-10000". (++++) = "signal intensity > 10000". 
Cycle study: brain region. 
most stably expressed probe sets across brain regions of normally menstruating macaques. 
1433 probe sets annotated for genes in the independently verified set were analyzed. Probe sets in the table are presented here in alphabetical groupings by annotation irrespective of rank within the top 20. "exp" = gene expression represented by hybridization signal intensity [ 52 ]. 
"+" and "-" symbols represent signal intensity values averaged across all animals and obtained using Affymetrix® GCOS analysis, and global scaling to an average target intensity of 200. (-) = "undetectable", (+) = "signal intensity < 500", (++) = "signal intensity 500-1500", (+++) = "signal intensity 1501-10000". (++++) = "signal intensity > 10000". 
Cycle study: brain region. 
20 most stably expressed of the "most representative" probe sets for housekeeping genes across brain regions of normally menstruating macaques. 
Probe sets are listed according to rank. Higher rank indicates greater expression stability. Note that selection was narrowed to 544 probe sets likely to be most representative of genes of interest. 
"exp" = gene expression represented by hybridization signal intensity [ 52 ]. 
"+" and "-" symbols represent signal intensity values averaged across all animals and obtained using Affymetrix® GCOS analysis, and global scaling to an average target intensity of 200. (-) = "undetectable", (+) = "signal intensity < 500", (++) = "signal intensity 500-1500", (+++) = "signal intensity 1501-10000". (++++) = "signal intensity > 10000". 
Most stably expressed probe sets annotated for popular normalizing genes. 
Probe sets are listed according to rank. Higher rank indicates greater expression stability. Denominator in the rank column indicates the number of probe sets analyzed using criteria described in methods. Note that selection was narrowed to the 544 probe sets likely to be most representative of genes of interest where menstruating macaques were examined using the human GeneChip®. All 1444 probe sets that were annotated for genes of interest on the rhesus GeneChip® are represented in the table. 
"exp" = gene expression represented by hybridization signal intensity [ 52 ]. 
"+" and "-" symbols represent signal intensity values averaged across all animals and obtained using Affymetrix® GCOS analysis, and global scaling to an average target intensity of 200. (-) = "undetectable", (+) = "signal intensity < 500", (++) = "signal intensity 500-1500", (+++) = "signal intensity 1501-10000". (++++) = "signal intensity > 10000". 
HRT study: 20 most stably expressed Cycle study: 20 most stably expressed    gene annotation 1b: all probe sets (1444) 1c: "expressed" probe sets (824) 2a: all probe sets (1433) 2b: representative probe sets (544)     brain region hormone trt brain region hormone trt brain region cycle phase brain region cycle phase. 
Gene annotations common across multiple experiments and analysis groupings. 
Numbers in parentheses show the total number of probe sets in the group under consideration. Check marks (?) show studies (HRT vs. cycle), probe set selection methods ("all ", "expressed", or "most representative" probe sets annotated for housekeeping genes) and analysis groupings (brain region, hormone treatment or cycle phase) under which the listed gene annotation appears. 
* = CALM1 only. # = UBB only. † = "Similar to". 
Properties Berberine Palmatine Coralyne Sanguinarine (iminium form). 
Some physicochemical properties of isoquinoline alkaloids [ 15 , 16 , 27 , 28 ]. 
Alkaloid K a (×105?M?1) n ? T mb??(°C) ? c ? d References. 
Comparative binding parameters of interaction of various alkaloids with calf thymus DNA and covalently closed superhelical DNA. 
a K the intrinsic binding constant determined using equation r / C f = K (1 ? n r )[(1? n r )/(1?( n ?1) r )] n ?1, where r is the number of alkaloid molecules bound per mole of nucleotide and C f is the molar concentration of free alkaloid, where n denotes the binding site size in base pairs. 
b? T m is the T m of the DNA in the presence of alkaloid- T m of the free DNA. 
c ? value was calculated from the slope, when L / L o or ( ? / ? 0)1/3 is plotted against r using the equation L / L o = ( ? / ? 0)1/3 = 1 + ? r , where L and L o are the contour length of helix in presence and absence of ligand corresponding values of intrinsic viscosity (approximated to the reduced viscosity) of the solution and r is the mole ligand bound /mole nucleotides. 
dunwinding angle. 
Alkaloid K (×105?M?1) n ? G ° (kcal mol?1) ? H ° (kcal mol?1) ? S ° (cal·deg?1 mol?1) References. 
Thermodynamic parameters for the interaction of various alkaloids with calf thymus DNA complexation obtained from isothermal titration calorimetric studiesa. 
aAverage of four determinations, K and ? H ° values were determined from fits of the ITC profiles to Origin 7.0. The values of ? G ° and ? S ° were determined using the equations ? G ° = ?( R T ln?? K ) and ? G ° = ? H ° ? T ? S °. respectively. The ITC profile was fit to a model of single binding sites, where n denotes the binding site size. 
Complexes K a n ? T m b ? G ° ? H ° ? S ° References  (×105?M?1)  (°C) (3 ? 2) at r max? kcal mol?1 kcal mol?1 cal·deg?1 mol?1 . 
Spectroscopic and thermodynamic parameters for the interaction of various alkaloids with DNA triple helical structure with referencesa. 
a K (the intrinsic binding constant) determined using equation r / C f = K (1 ? n r )[(1? n r )/(1?( n ?1) r )] n ?1, where r is the number of alkaloid molecules bound per mole of nucleotide and C f is the molar concentration of free alkaloid. 
b? T m (3 ? 2) is the T m of the triplex DNA in the presence of alkaloid- T m of the free triplex DNA. (3 ? 2) denotes the transition temperature from triplex complex to duplex complex formation. 
*dna: data not available. 
Pathway Percent control. 
Effect of berberine incubated with S180 cells in vitroa. 
aData obtained from W. A. Creasey [ 80 ]. 
groups body weight (g) tumor weight(g) tumor incidence metastasis  average range average range  MLN Dia IO. 
Ezrin induces enhanced tumor metastasis in vivo. 
MLN: mesentery lymphoid nodes Dia: diaphragm IO: internal organs. 
* Statistically different (P < 0.05). 
variable No. of patients ezrin expression P*       positive(n = 64) negative(n = 6) . 
Association between ezrin expression and clinico-pathologic variables in 70 patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. 
LN:Lymph node. 
*Fisher's exact test was used for analysis. 
mPR? reactivity TNBC Non TNBC Total. 
Positivity of mPR? expression in human breast cancers. 
No significant difference was found between the positive rates of mPR? (TNBC vs. non TNBC groups, P = 0.312, Fisher's exact test). MPR?, membrane progesterone receptor ?; TNBC, triple-negative cancers. 
Factor Patients ( n = 70) Percentage (%). 
Clinico-pathological data for 70 primary CRC cases. 
Clinicopathological factor Gene Set Gene Set I (CNA) Gene Set II (EC) Gene Set III CNA + EC. 
Numbers of genes in each gene set associated with key clinico-pathological factors. 
NCBI gene ID Gene symbol Gene title Location. 
List of genes in Gene Set III using each clinico-pathological classification grouping. 
Cell Line IC 25 a (mM) IC 50 a (mM). 
IC25 and IC50 values for the effects of VPA on cell growth. 
IC 25 and IC 50 values for the effects of VPA on cell growth calculated from interpolations of data. a: Numbers in parentheses indicate interpolated values for IC 25 or IC 50 ± SEM (based on four independent experiments). 
Gene function category Number of genes Up regulated Down regulated FC < 1.8      3 hpi 7 hpi 3 hpi 7 hpi 3 hpi 7 hpi. 
Functional distribution of differentially expressed genes at 3, 7 hpi time points. 
Symbol Type Fold Change Entrez Gene Name       3 h 7 h . 
List of differentially expressed genes involved in histones dynamics in MPV- infected cells. 
? Average gene expression values is presented for genes with multiple identifiers. 
Symbol Type Location Fold Change Entrez Gene Name         3 h 7 h . 
List of MK2 cell genes exhibited differential expression upon infection with MPV and encoded ion channels or related proteins. 
? Average gene expression values are presented for genes with multiple identifiers. 
Complex MST4-quinazoline. 
Values in brackets show the statistics for the highest resolution shell. 
P/L/O represents protein/ligand/other (water, ion and solvent). 
rms indicates root-mean-square. 
Dose Escalation Schedule Dose Level Dose of Sorafenib Pts. 
Dose Escalation Schema. 
Characteristic n=15 n (%). 
Patient Characteristics. 
Abbreviation: ECOG, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group; Mut(ITD), mutation(internal tandem duplication). 
Category Grade 400 mg bid × 14d ( cycles =6) 400 mg bid × 21d ( cycles =21) 600 mg bid × 14d ( cycles =4)   n (%) n (%) n (%). 
Grade 3 and 4 Toxicities. 
n = number of events. 
Pharmacokinetic Parameters a Dose Level Dose (mg) Tmax (h) Cmax (µg/mL) AUC0–8h (µg*h/mL) Day 2 Cmin (µg/mL) Day 3 Cmin (µg/mL) Day 8 Cmin (µg/mL) Day 15 Cmin (µg/mL) Css,min (µg/mL) Day 29 C (µg/mL). 
Summary of sorafenib and sorafenib N-oxide pharmacokinetic parameters (Supplementary Figure). 
Values are reported as the mean ± standard deviation (n). For Tmax, values are reported as median (range, n). When n?2, individual values are reported. One µg/mL of sorafenib or sorafenib N-oxide is equivalent to 2.15 and 2.08 µM, respectively. 
Css,min is an average of day 8 and 15 Cmin (or either day if a sample was not obtained in a patient). 
For Day 29 concentrations, the average for dose level 1 and 2 is not calculated (N.C.) since the dosing schedule is different. 
Abbreviations: AUC, area under the concentration-time curve; Cmax, maximal plasma concentration; Css,min, minimal plasma concentration; Css,min, minimal plasma concentration at steady-state (average of day 8 and 15 Cmin); N.R., not reported; Tmax, time of the maximal plasma concentration. 
Pt# Disease FLT3 Marrow pre-tx % blasts Best marrow post–tx % blasts Peripheral blood blast % Day 1 Peripheral blood blast % Day 15 Treatment duration Indication for discontinuation. 
Treatment Effect and Duration ( Supplementary Figure ). 
Abbreviations: pt, patient; WT, wild-type; Mut (ITD), internal tandem duplication; PD, Progressive disease; DLT, Dose Limiting Toxicity, NA, Not Available. 
Study Treatment Patients (n) Response (%) Disease control rate (%) Median PFS (months) Median OS (months). 
Phase II studies of cetuximab in disease progressing on prior therapy. 
Abbreviations: PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; NA, not applicable; PD1, patients who progressed on prior platinum therapy on protocol; PD2, patients who had prior platinum therapy off study; SD, stable disease. 
Study Treatment Patients (n) Response (%) Median PFS (months) Median OS (months). 
Studies of cetuximab in the first-line setting for recurrent/metastatic disease. 
Abbreviations: PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; CDDP, cisplatin; FU, fluorouracil; NA, not applicable. 
Title Treatment Phase Sample size Study drug target. 
Ongoing studies combining cetuximab with novel agents for recurrent/metastatic disease (available on clinicaltrials.gov ). 
Agent Setting Pts (n) OR % PR % CR % PFS (mo) OS (mo) . 
Comparison of efficacy data across targeted agents in phase III randomized trials *. 
Note that none of these trials compared these targeted agents directly against one another in a head to head fashion; if only the comparator arm was reported and not the intervention arm, neither is included. Note also that for sunitinib and sorafenib, follow-up studies were used instead of the original Phase III trial report. 
Abbreviations: OR, objective response rate (partial response plus complete response where both investigator and independent review results were reported, the independent review is presented); PR, objective partial response rate; CR, objective complete response rate; PFS, median progression-free survival; OS, median overall survival; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; IFN?, interferon-alpha; pts, patients, n, number; mo, months. 
Parameter Pazopanib (n = 290) Sunitinib (n = 375)  Any (%) Grade 3 (%) Grade 4 (%) Any (%) Grade 3 (%) Grade 4 (%). 
Comparison of toxicity in phase III studies of sunitinib and pazopanib 59 , 69 , *. 
Note these were not compared head-to-head in these trials, therefore no P value given. 
Abbreviations: ALP, alkaline phosphatase; ALT, alanine transaminase; AST, aspartate transaminase; EF, ejection fraction. 
Vesicle Marker Colocalization Pearson CC ± S.D. 
Cells were transfected with Toca-1 and N-WASP and left for 24–36 hr. After fixation cells were incubated with primary antibody followed by secondary antibody for markers of membrane trafficking pathways as described in the Material and methods section. PH domains were visualized with GFP, or CFP. Olympus FV1000 confocal microscope software was used for colocalization analysis. Where Pearson colocalization coefficient (CC) of; <0.25 indicates no colocalization (-), 0.25–0.5 indicates potential colocalization (*), 0.5–0.7 indicates some colocalization (**) and >0.7, indicates high colocalization (***). The CC is an average +/? S. D., with n?=?8–10, from 3 experiments. 
Endocytic pathway Marker Toca-1-N-WASP expression (% of control). 
Cells were transfected with Toca-1 and N-WASP and left to express the proteins for 24–36 hr. Markers for uptake pathways were then added and uptake monitored for 10 min for transferrin and 30 min for dextran and cholera toxin B (For images see Fig. S4 ). The cells were then washed, fixed and examined by confocal microscopy. Quantification of the % uptake of different markers in cells transfected with Toca-1-N-WASP compared with control cells as described in Material and methods section. The % uptake is an average +/? S. D., with n?=?10, from 3 experiments. 
Condition Control Cdc42G12V Cdc42T17N. 
CHO cells were transfected with GFP-Rab5 alone, GFP-Rab5 and Cdc42G12V, or GFP-Rab5 and Cdc42T17N. The timelapse acquisition was performed 24 hr post transfection. The motility of vesicles was tracked using metamorph software as described in Material and methods . For statistical analysis numbers are mean +/? S. D., with n?=?6–10, from 2 experiments. Experimental data were analyzed by Student's t-test (p<0.001). 
Syndrome OMIM numbera Disease reference. 
Inherited and genetic malformation syndromes with glomerulocystic disease. 
aOMIM numbering symbols: #, indicates that a descriptive entry, often a phenotype, and does not represent a unique locus; %, indicates a confirmed Mendelian phenotype or phenotypic locus for which the underlying molecular basis is unknown; no symbol, indicates a phenotypic description for which the Mendelian basis has not been clearly established or that the phenotype may also be in other entries. 
Healthy kidney Human CKD (non-diabetic) Diabetic nephropathy Therapeutic effects. 
Expression and biological roles of angiogenic factors in health and CKD. 
Ang-1 = angiopoietin-1; Ang-2 = angiopoietin-2; CKD = chronic kidney disease; GEnC = glomerular endothelial cells; GBM = glomerular basement membrane; GN = glomerulonephritis; h = human; m = mouse; MC = mesangial cell; NE = not examined; PTC = peritubular capillaries; r = rat; TEC = tubular epithelial cells. 
Angiogenesis inhibitor Parent protein Domain Receptors Inhibitory activities on EC. 
Endogenous basement membrane-derived angiogenesis inhibitors. 
EC, endothelial cell. ECM, extracellular matrix. 
Number of cells/well Number of wells plated Number of wells showing colonospheres      Colonospheres-derived cells Parental/Vector transfected Parental/?-catenin siRNA transfected. 
Extreme limiting dilution analysis of colonospheres forming frequency of HCT-116 cells, transfected with non-targeted (vector) or ?-catenin siRNA and by colonospheres-derived cells. 
Data are pooled from three independent experiments for each. CI, confidence interval. 
Gene Role in lymphatic vessels Inhibitors available* Effect of pathway inhibition References. 
PTKs and their role in lymphatic biology. 
*For reviews detailing available inhibitors see [ 71 , 139 ]. †Sorafenib inhibits B-Raf, PDGFR?, VEGFR-2 and c-Kit. ‡Cediranib inhibits VEGFR-1, -2, -3, PDGFR? and c-Kit. 
Strains Genotype. 
Strain list. 
Plasmid construct Marker Replication Origin Reference. 
Plasmids list. 
Oligo name Oligo sequence 5'-3'. 
Oligonucleotides list. 
DENA Administration Group Histological diagnosis (no. animals)      Healthy Fibrosis stage HCC         F1-2 F3 F4 (cirrhosis) . 
Histological diagnosis of liver tissue from rats sacrificed at different time point. 
Rattus Norvegicus Gene Forward Primer (5'-3') Reverse Primer (5'-3') Amplicon Length (bp). 
PCR primer pairs used in the present study. 
Experimental question: Is the factor localized to mitochondria?. 
Techniques used to investigate nuclear transcription factors in mitochondria. 
mtDNA, mitochondrial DNA. 
Parameter AML CML MDS. 
clinical and laboratory features of patients with myeloid malignancies. 
WBC, white blood cells; aMedian (range); b P < 0.001, compared with control; c P = 0.030, compared with control;. 
No. Sex Age (year) Diagnosis Karyotype GRAF level. 
Clinical and laboratory characteristics of patients with MDS. 
Query Sequence NCBI CDD Hits E values. 
ROCO Kinase Domain CDD Hits. 
Myotubularin homologue sequences were identified, and protein kinase domains identified, as described in Methods. Protein kinase domains were subjected to analysis at NCBI CDD [ 40 , 41 ]. This table summarizes the returns for those searches - the query sequences, the hit models, and E values. Models: cd00180, S_TKc (Serine/Threonine protein kinases, catalytic domain); cd00192, PTKc (Catalytic Domain of Protein Tyrosine Kinases). 
"M1"(+) "R3"(+) "R5"(-) "R6"(+) "R9"(-) "R10"(-) 0.998 ± 0.0005 0.998 ± 0.0005 0.958 ± 0.032 1.000 ± 0.000 0.990 ± 0.014 0.913 ± 0.118 84.8 ± 10.5 91.5 ± 15.0 87.5 ± 8.2 98.5 ± 1.3 95.3 ± 2.5 89.0 ± 19.4. 
Placement of Myotubularin Homologue Sequences into Phylogenetic Similarity Clusters. 
Myotubularin homologue sequences from human ("Hu") and Danio rerio ("Dr") were obtained from the literature and database keyword searches. For the other species represented, candidate myotubularin sequences were obtained by searching the protein datasets of fully sequenced eukaryotic genomes, as detailed in Methods. The prefix "N" or "Nv" followed by a numeral denotes sequences from Nematostella vectensis , "Tad" followed by a numeral denotes sequences from Trichoplax adhaerens , and "M" followed by a numeral denotes sequences from Monosiga brevicollis , (except "Mbrevi5R3" which is also from Monosiga). The sequences were aligned as detailed in Methods. Phylogenetic trees were inferred as detailed in Methods. Shown are the composition and clade support for the six similarity groups previously identified [ 2 , 3 ]. The plus and minus symbols (+,-) indicate the presence of enzymatically active or inactive catalytic loop sequence signatures, respectively. For each group, the number above the line indicates the Bayesian clade support (posterior probability), and the number below the line indicates the bootstrap support (out of 100 total replicates) in Maximum Likelihood (ML). Results presented are the mean (± SD) of four distinct alignments. 
Sequences Tad51955 and M01745983 consistently clustered together as a distinct "new clade". The mean Bayesian posterior probability was: 0.998 (± 0.0005) (n = 4). The mean bootstrap support in Maximum Likelihood (ML) was: 97.5 (± 0.577) (n = 4). 
Sequences Nv82921, Tad62282 and MBrevi5R3 could not be placed into a similarity group with confidence. 
Control DM DM + S. 
Metabolic and physical parameters of the experimental groups (24 weeks). 
** P ? 0.01 for the difference between the diabetic and nondiabetic groups or between the nondiabetic and diabetic + simvastatin groups;. 
# P ? 0.05 for the difference between the diabetic and diabetic + simvastatin groups;. 
## P ? 0.01 for the difference between the diabetic and diabetic + simvastatin groups. Control, control rats; DM, diabetic rats; DM + S, diabetic rats treated with simvastatin. 
Localization Amplicon position (pb) Copy number variations Putative target gene (s). 
Amplicon positions and affected genes. 
Tumor Incidence Tumor weight (g) Median (range) Time of tumor growth (days) Median (range). 
Number of primary tumors/metastasis in mouse lung resulted from transplanted PaCa 5061 cells in vivo. 
Gene/Exon Sequence Amplicon Size (bp) T m ( o C). 
Specific primers for SMAD4 mutational analysis. 
Yakicier MC et al; Oncogene. 1999: 18: 4879-83. 
Hadžija MP et al; Mutation Research. 2004; 548: 61-73. 
Sameer AS et al; Saudi J Gastroenterol. 2009; 15: 244-252. 
Patient ID Age/Sex a Dwelling b Duke's Stage c Smoking Status d Node Status e Site f Nature g Pesticide Exposure SMAD4 Exon Mutation h Amino Acid Change Affected Codon Effect i KRAS Status/Affected Codon. 
Nature of SMAD4 MCR region mutations in 86 colorectal carcinoma patients from Kashmir valley. 
a Age/Sex : M = Male, F = Female; b Dwelling : R = Rural, U = Urban; c Duke's stage : A - Tumor confined to the intestinal wall; B - Tumor invading through the intestinal wall; C - With lymph node(s) involvement; D - With distant metastasis; d Smoking Status : Sk: Smokers; NSk: Non Smokers; e Node Status : N = Negative, P = Positive; f Site of tumor : C = Colon, R = Rectum; g Nature of tumor : S: Sporadic; LS: Lynch Syndrome; FAP: Familial Adenomatous Polyposis; h Mutation : Mutated or inserted nucleotide underlined; h Mutation Effect : MS: Missense mutation; NS: Nonsense mutation; S: Silent mutation; FS: Frameshift mutation. 
Variable Total N = 86 Mutants M = 16 (18.6%) P value*. 
Clinico-epidemiological variables of the 86 colorectal carcinoma patients versus 16 mutant phenotypes of SMAD4 gene. 
*Pearson's two proportion test. 
SMAD4 Status   Wild N = 70 Mutant M = 16 OR; P Value; CI (95%). 
Correlation of SMAD4 gene status versus KRAS gene status. 
Mutants    KRAS N = 21 SMAD4 N = 16 ?2, P value Both N = 11. 
Correlation of tumor grade versus SMAD4 gene status versus KRAS gene status. 
Active GSK-3? Positive (%) Active GSK-3? Negative (%) P value. 
Correlation between the protein expression of pGSK-3?Tyr216 and clinicopathological factors for 281 human gastric caicinoma specimens. 
WD: well-differentiated adenocarcinoma; MD: moderately-differentiated adenocarcinoma; PD: poorly-differentiated adenocarcinoma. 
* Considered to be statistically significant (< 0.05). 
Active GSK-3? Positive (%) Active GSK-3? Negative (%) P value. 
The expression of pGSK-3?Tyr216 in relation to that of cell cycle-regulatory proteins. 
pRb: phospho-retinoblastoma protein. 
* Considered to be statistically significant (< 0.05). 
Active GSK-3? Positive (%) Active GSK-3? Negative (%) P value. 
The expression of pGSK-3?Tyr216 in relation to the expression of other tumor suppressor genes. 
APC: adenomatous polyposis coli; PTEN: phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10; MGMT: O 6-methylguanine DNA-methyltransferase; KAI1: kangai 1; pVHL: von Hippel Lindau protein; FHIT: fragile histidine triad. 
* Considered to be statistically significant (< 0.05). 
Agilent Systematicname effect of Schwann cell specificDicer depletion in P4 [pValue] effect of Schwann cell specificDicer depletion in P4 [log2 Ratio] myelination effect inDicer +/? Dhh-Cre+ [pValue] myelination effect inDicer +/? Dhh-Cre+ [log2 Ratio]. 
Primer Primer sequence (5? to 3?) Product size (bp) Ref. 
Sequences of primers used in SOX2 methylation-specific PCR. 
Primer Primer sequence (5? to 3?) Product size (bp) Ref. 
Sequences of primers used in quantitative Real-Time RT-PCR study. 
Normal endometrial tissue Endometrial carcinoma P value (chi square)  Status Frequency (%) Frequency (%) . 
Correlation of methylation status of the SOX2 gene in endometrial carcinomas and normal endometrial tissues. 
Clinicopathological Features Presence of methylated alleles Absence of methylated alleles P -value  Cases (%) Cases (%) . 
Correlation of SOX2 methylation status with clinicopathological features in endometrial cancers. 
Strain Motility speed Chemotax motility Chemotax index Persistency. 
Quantification of cellular behavior. 
Quantitation of the chemotactic behavior of at least 10 cells from at least three independent experiments. Motility and chemotactic parameters are calculated as described in Materials and methods. The data represent mean ± SD. 
Code Explanation. 
Feature Dimension. 
Method  Sensitivity Specificity Precision. 
Methods Sensitivity Specificity Total . 
A positive value indicates an increase whereas a negative value indicates a decrease. 
Gene Symbol Literature Report GOPred annotations:Probability ConFunc (GO c-value) [36] PFP: Probabality [37] GOtcha: Est. likelyhood% [38]. 
Patients (Tn) Age/gender Tumor site Pathological stage Patients (Tm/Lm) Age/gender Tumor site Pathological stage. 
Clinical characteristics of patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. 
Characteristics Tn Tm/Lm df ?2 P-value. 
Clinical correlation. 
Abbreviations: PD, poor differentiated; WD, well differentiated; MOD, moderate differentiated. 
* P value was obtained using grouped t test, others were obtained using ?2 or Wilcoxon Rank-sum Test for comparison between two groups or more than two groups, respectively. 
Gene symbol Gene name (abbreviated) GenBank accession Fold change (old/young). 
Microarray analysis of gene expression in microdissected mouse prostate stroma from old (24 month) compared to young (4 month) C57BL/6 mice. Unique genes (n?=?53) with significantly increased transcript levels between aged and young samples (p<0.05) and whose expression levels were low in white blood cells. Fold changes were calculated from the averages across multiple anterior and dorsal prostate samples in each group. Positive values indicate an increase in gene expression in aged prostate as compared to young. 
Gene symbol Gene name (abbreviated) GenBank accession Fold change (old/young). 
Microarray analysis of gene expression in microdissected mouse prostate stroma from old (24 months) compared to young (4 months) C57BL/6 mice. Unique genes (n?=?40) with significantly lower expression in aged compared to young samples (p<0.05) and whose expression levels were also low in white blood cells. Fold changes were calculated from the averages across multiple anterior and dorsal prostate samples in each group. Negative values indicate a decrease in gene expression in aged prostate as compared to young. 
Group NO Tumor number Adenoma Hyperplasia. 
A, alveolar/bronchiolar adenoma; B, alveolar epithelial cell hyperplasia. 
No, number of K- ras LA1 mice per group. 
CON, control; GFP, adenovirus-GFP treated group; LETM1, adenovirus-LETM1 treated group. 
( ), number of mice. 
Grade: +, minimal; ++, mild; +++, severe. 
**, denote statistical different (**, p<0.01) compared to control. 
Relative Colony Formation 1   Retrovirus Exp. 1 Exp. 2 Exp. 3 Exp. 4 Exp. 5 Exp. 6 Avg ± Std. Dev. p-value. 
AP-1 family members alter the transformation potential of v-Rel in splenic lymphocytes. 
Splenic lymphocytes were infected with indicated retroviruses, plated in soft agar, and colonies were scored microscopically after 10 days. The number of colonies (ranging from 53 to 731) from BIS-V infections were normalized to 100 for each experiment. No colonies were observed with control BIS viruses or BIS viruses expressing AP-1 family members alone. 
CV Confusion Matrix (Threshold?=?2.66891) True\Predicted Classic Mesenchymal Neural Proneural Class Error rate. 
Overall prediction accuracy was 148/160?=?92.5% correct. 
Subtype GBM Oligodendroglioma Astrocytoma All. 
The Proneural subtype dominates oligodendriogliomas and there are no mesenchymal subtype in the oligodenroglioma samples. 
All Cases GBM Astrocytomas Oligodendrogliomas. 
Shown are Hazard Ratios (HRs) plus 95% confidence intervals (CI) and associated p-values. Significant p-values (<0.05) are shown in bold font. For the Cox PH models, Proneural was used as the reference group for the subtype variable, patient age was dichotomized as <55 or ?55 with <55 as the reference group, and no deletion in 1p/19q status was used as the reference group. Cox PH multivariate analysis was performed for all cases, cases with Astrocytoma, cases with GBM and cases with Oligodendrogliomas, respectively. We note that 1p/19q deletion is present only in Oligodendrogliomas; hence, 1p/19q deletion status was not adjusted for in cases with Astrocytoma or GBM. 
Alteration Locus GISTIC q value Gene Symbols. 
Loci with amplification or deletion and corresponding changes in gene expression in Proneural GBM or Proneural Oligodendrogliomas/Astrocytomas are shown. 
DAVID DAVID GSEA GSEA IPA IPA GO Term Count FDR Count FDR Count p-value. 
Proneural GBM samples have increased expression of genes associated with enhanced vascularization, proliferation, invasion, and inflammation. Count?=?number of genes identified with each annotation by the three analyses. FDR?=?false discovery rate. P-value for IPA is based on the hypergeometric distribution. 
gene protein Zv8 identifier EBI identifier. 
All candidate genes were aligned and assigned their respective gene names based on homology of the PTP domain and overall gene structure, and listed here are the non-receptor PTPs by gene name, protein name, Zv8 identifier and EBI accession number. Fragments of all genes were sequenced and respective sequences were submitted to the EMBL-EBI nucleotide sequence database. 
gene protein Zv8 identifier EBI identifier. 
All candidate genes were aligned and assigned their respective gene names based on homology of the PTP domain and overall gene structure, and listed here are the receptor type PTPs by gene name, protein name, Zv8 identifier and EBI accession number. Fragments of all genes were sequenced and respective sequences were submitted to the EMBL-EBI nucleotide sequence database. 
PTP type: gene: 8 cell 6 hpf 10 hpf 24 hpf 48 hpf 72 hpf. 
Expression patterns of all classical non-receptor PTPs at 6 distinct stages of zebrafish development as shown in Fig. 3 , 4 and 5 were analyzed and quantified as “?” for no expression, “+/?” for faint expression, “+” for expression and “++” for strong expression, “s” for localized expression or “ss” for strong localized expression. 
PTP type: gene: 8 cell 6 hpf 10 hpf 24 hpf 48 hpf 72 hpf. 
Expression patterns of all classical receptor PTPs at 6 distinct stages of zebrafish development as shown in Fig. 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 were analyzed and quantified as “?” for no expression, “+/?” for faint expression, “+” for expression and “++” for strong expression, “s” for localized expression or “ss” for strong localized expression. 
Gene Symbol Entrez Gene # Gene Name. 
Gene targets identified by RNAi screening as important in growth of Ewing's sarcoma cells. 
*Both the siRNAs for this gene showed significant growth inhibition. 
A/A SEX AGE TUMOR TYPE DIFFERE-NTIATION HISTIOCYTES PLEURAL INVASION LNs TNM. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of the 21 NSCLC patients (ID # M1-M27). 
SqCC: Squamous cell carcinoma; Adeno: Adenocarcinoma; LCC: Large cell carcinoma; Bronch: Bronchioalveolar; LNs: Lymph nodes; TNM: Tumour-to-node metastasis (7th TNM classification version); M0: absence of metastasis. *pleural invasion with no pleural penetration/no pleural nodules. 
Fold-change T/N (Protein-level). 
Protein-level estimates: Western blotting results. 
Fold-change T/N (mRNA level). 
mRNA-level estimates: Real-time PCR results. 
Protein Function. 
Name Polypeptide molecular weight (kDa) Nuclear Cytoplasmic Extracellular. 
Polypeptide molecular weight and subcellular localization of SR proteins a. 
Blank boxes in the table represent “not known” due to lack of documented evidence. 
Unlike the other members of the SR protein family, Sfrs2 does not undergo nucleocytoplasmic shuttling (see text). 
Name Polypeptide molecular weight (kDa) Nuclear Cytoplasmic Extracellular. 
Polypeptide molecular weight and subcellular localization of galectins a. 
Blank boxes in the table represent “not known” due to lack of documented evidence. 
ACTIVITY GALECTIN FAMILY SFRS FAMILY. 
Comparison of selected features in splicing displayed by galectins and SR proteins a. 
Blank boxes in the table represent “not known” due to lack of documented evidence. 
No. System Nucleotides No. of Atoms Activity of protein. 
Nucleotide Protein - nucleotides interactions  H-bonding Hydrophobic. 
Nb indicates backbone nitrogen. G-O indicates oxygen in guanine. 
Abbreviation Technical Terms Explanation. 
The General Abbreviations and Glossary for This Paper. 
Spot# Epithelial Basal Myofibroblast Leukocytes Endothelial  BPH PCA Titis BPH PCA Titis BPH PCA Titis BPH PCA Titis BPH PCA Titis. 
Densitometric analysis of spots in Epithelial, Basal cells, Myofibroblasts, Leukocytes and Endothelial cells. The fold change is shown as compared to the normal. † NA: reflects no expression of the spot in the normal tissue sample. BPH, benign prostate hyperplasia. PCa, cancer of prostate. Titis, prostatitis. 
Spot# Cell type Protein Score Mw PI BPH PCa Titis. 
Proteins identified using MALDI-TOF MS and their respective densities in benign (BPH), cancerous (PCa) and inflammatory (Titis) prostate tissues. 
Gene Primer set Gene accession number. 
Primers used for quantitative RT-PCR. For RT-PCR, we analyzed samples on an MiQ machine using a FastStart SYBR Green Master Mix, with the following primer sets. 
Transcription Factor Description Sub-network. 
Transcription factors identified within the sub-networks. 
Table 1 lists the 18 transcription factors identified within the enriched sub-networks. The corresponding descriptions and locations within the sub-networks are included. 
Characteristic No. of cases (%). 
Variable DFI OS. 
Abbreviations: EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor? pERK1/2=activated extracellular signal-regulated kinases. 
Patient cohort   NRA GA. 
Reproductive Phase Description. 
Modified from Delgado et al. [2] . 
Sequence Purpose Direction Primer Sequence (5?–3?) Amplicon Size (bp) Accession Number. 
“Accession Number” refers to the accession for the sequence in NCBI (18S rRNA) or the UF ProbeName for the corresponding microarray probe. Transcripts: Ctr1c, copper transporter 1c; TepII, thiolester containing protein II; GST, Similar to Glutathione S-transferase; Stard7, StAR-related lipid transfer (START) domain containing 7. 
Gonadal Development OS February (n?=?4) NS February (n?=?4) OS June (n?=?2) NS June (n?=?5). 
Data for reproductive phases presented as percentage. Data for spermatogenic index (SI) presented as mean ± SE. Superscripts indicate differences in SI (nested ANOVA, p<0.05). 
Run Bases Reads Average Length Alias SRA Accession. 
“Alias” refers to the run alias listed in the SRA database. 
Biological Process GO Term ID % of DR % of other p-value. 
“% of DR” refers to the percent of differentially regulated transcripts falling under the term; “% of other” refers to the percent of all other transcripts with GO annotation that fall under the term. P-value is the raw (nominal) p-value from Fisher's exact test. 
Microarray Real-Time RT-PCR Gene Fold Change Direction p>F Fold Change Direction p>t Efficiency. 
Real-time RT-PCR values were normalized to 18S rRNA (18S rRNA efficiency ?=?108.6%). “Direction” of regulation is given for nearshore samples, with respect to offshore. Transcripts: Ctr1c, copper transporter 1c; TepII, thiolester containing protein II; GST, Similar to Glutathione S-transferase; Stard7, StAR-related lipid transfer (START) domain containing 7. 
SI DG Zn Testis Zn DG Cu Testis Cu PSME4 KISER DNAJB13 DEGS1 RRAS RAB1B RAB1A TIAM1 RABL4 ARL1 4R79.2. 
“SI” refers to Spermatogenic Index, determined histologically. “DG” refers to digestive gland. Transcripts: PSME4, proteasome activator subunit 4; KISER, similar to kiser; DNAJB13, DnaJ related subfamily B member 13; DEGS1, degenerative spermatocyte homolog 1 lipid desaturase; RRAS, related Ras viral oncogene homolog; RAB1B, Ras-related protein 1B; RAB1A, RAB1A member Ras oncogene family; TIAM1, T-cell lymphoma invasion and metastasis 1; RABL4, Rab member of Ras oncogene family-like 4; ARL1, ADP ribosylation factor-like 1; 4R79.2, 4R79.2 hypothetical protein. Boldface values indicate significance (p<0.05). 
Internal deletion Forward Reverse. 
Primer sequence for internal deletion or point mutation clones of ATF3 promoters. 
Gene Forward Reverse. 
Primer sequence for cloning of expression vectors. 
Mouse Genotype Total Number of Mice Mice with Tumor Necrosis Mice with No Tumor Necrosis % of Mice with Tumor Necrosis. 
Melanoma tumors have more gross necrosis in CIB1-KO mice. 
aTumor necrosis was grossly evident in B16 melanoma tumors that developed in both WT and CIB1-KO mice. 
bThe number of tumors with clear evidence of gross necrosis in CIB1-KO mice was statistically significant (p = 0.05), chi-square test with one degree of freedom. 
cThere was no evidence of gross necrosis in Lewis lung carcinoma tumors that developed in both WT and CIB1-KO mice. 
Rho proteins Mechanism of deregulation Tumor type. 
Aberrant regulation of Rho proteins in cancer. 
Compound Route Usual dose (daily unless mentioned) Onset of action, min Duration. 
Common forms of nitrates used as anti-ischemic agents in angina. 
Requires 8–10 h nitroglycerin free recovery period because of tolerance;. 
May exhibit tolerance in 7–8 h;. 
Also available in sublingual form. 
Abbreviations: q24 h, every 24 hours; ACS, acute coronary syndrome; SR, sustained release. 
Recommendations for CABG Class and level of evidence. 
Selected ACC/AHA guidelines for revascularization with CABG 5. 
Abbreviations: ACC/AHA, American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association; CABG, coronary artery bypass surgery; LAD, Left anterior descending; LVEF, left ventricular ejection fraction; SCD, sudden cardiac death; VT, ventricular tachycardia. 
Drug a Selectivity Dose time to peak action after oral intake, h Elimination half-life, h Dose. 
?-Adrenergic blockers used to treat angina. 
Drugs with partial agonist activity are not included;. 
Combined ?-blocking and ?-blocking activities;. 
Combined ?-blocking, ?1-blocking, and ?2-blocking activities;. 
Antiarrhythmic class I effect;. 
An extended release formulation may be begun at 100 mg daily. 
Abbreviation: IV, intravenous. 
Type Properties Examples. 
CCBs are classified chemically, which reflects their properties. 
Abbreviations: CCBs, calcium channel blockers; PAD, peripheral vascular disease. 
Drug Duration of action Usual dose Common side effects. 
CCBs used for ischemic heart disease. 
Has the longest half life of the CCBs of 35–50 h. 
Abbreviations: CCBs, calcium channel blockers; SR, sustained release; tid, 3 times a day; qid, 4 times a day; qd, daily; HF, heart failure. 
Variable Nitrates Calcium channel blockers ?-blockers. 
Cardiovascular effects of nitrates, CCBs, and ?-blockers in angina. 
Abbreviation: CCBs, calcium channel blockers. 
Risk factor Odds ratio Population attributable risk. 
Relative contributions of risk factors to risk of AMI in the INTERHEART study a , 166. 
All risk factors were significantly related to AMI ( P < 0.0001 for all risk factors and P = 0.03 for alcohol). 
Abbreviation: AMI, acute myocardial infarction. 
Risk factor Recommendations COR/LOE a Comments (not part of the guidelines). 
Selected recommendations from the ACC/AHA updated guidelines on risk reduction in patients with angina. 
Notes: There are 5 treatments that are considered class I (A), ie, should be done in all patients. There are no lifestyle recommendations that are I (A), and specific diet changes are not addressed. Currently available data concerning diet and lifestyle do not permit such classifications, but are potent therapies. 
COR, classifications of recommendations is as follows: class I, benefit ? risk, and treatment should be done; class IIa, benefit ? risk, and it is reasonable; class IIb, benefit ? risk, and it may be considered; class II, risk ? benefit, and the treatment should not be done since it is not helpful and may harm. Class III items have been omitted. LOE, level of evidence, an estimate of certainty of treatment effect, is as follows: level A, useful in different subpopulations, with general consistency of direction and magnitude of effect; level B, only 2 to 3 subpopulations or risk strata have been evaluated; level C, limited, with 1 to 2 subpopulations evaluated. Classification as levels B or C does not imply ineffectiveness or weakness of the recommendation, simply that clinical trials have not been performed. 
Abbreviations: ACC, American College of Cardiology; AHA, American Heart Association; COR, classifications of recommendations; LOE, level of evidence; BP, blood pressure; DM, diabetes mellitus; CKD, chronic renal disease; CHD, coronary heart disease; ACE, angiotensin-converting enzyme; ARB, angiotensin receptor blocker; LDL, low-density lipoprotein; TFA, trans fatty acids; TG, triglycerides; HDL, high-density lipoprotein; BMI, body mass index; SCD, sudden cardiac death; CR, supervised cardiac rehabilitation programs; ACS, acute coronary syndrome; HF, heart failure; ADA, American Diabetes Association; AMI, acute myocardial infarction; PPIs, proton pump inhibitors; FDA, Food and Drug Administration; RAA, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone; ACEI, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor; LVEF, left ventricular ejection fraction; HTN, hypertension; MI, myocardial infarction; K+, serum potassium level. 
Recommendations Class I LOE. 
ACC/AHA recommendations for PCI in patients with chronic stable angina 4. 
Abbreviations: ACC/AHA, American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association; PCI, percutaneous coronary intervention; LOE, level of evidence; LAD, left anterior descending coronary artery; LVF, left ventricular function. 
Extent of CAD 5-year survival (%) Prognostic weight (0–100). 
Extent of CAD in nonresistance vessels, 5-year survival rate (%), and prognostic weight (0–100), based upon medical therapy only 242. 
Abbreviations: CAD, coronary artery disease; LAD, Left anterior descending. 
Adduct levels in NNK-treated rats [ 51 ]. 
aAdministered by s.c. injection daily for 4 days. 
bN.D.: not detected (detection limit, 3?fmol/mg DNA). 
Adduct Levels fmol/mg DNA (mean ± S.D.). 
Comparative DNA adduct levels in lung and liver of F344 rats treated with 10?ppm NNK in the drinking water and sacrificed at various intervals [ 57 , 58 ]. 
n.d., not detected. 
aSignificantly different from O 6-mG, P < .05. 
pmol adducts/ ? mol guanine. 
Levels of O 6-mG and O 6-pobG in lung and livers of NNK-treated wild-type and AGT knockout micea [ 88 ]. 
aMice received either a single dose of NNK (~250?mg/kg) and sacrificed 24?h postinjection or three weekly doses of NNK (~250?mg/kg each week) and sacrificed 1 week after the third treatment. Numbers represent the average of five samples ± SD. 
bThree samples ± SD. Two other samples were analyzed and these two animals had O 6-mG levels of 26 and 31?pmol O 6-mG/ ? mol guanine. The liver 7-mG adduct levels for all five animals were similar: 134 ± 17?pmol 7-mG/ ? mol guanine. 
Code Ref. Year Platform Probesets/Clones PTC Normal contralateral. 
*For this dataset, a Geo accession number is given. 
Dataset (no. of samples) I (4) II (7) III (16) IV (6) V (8) L/R Gene Symbol T/N P-value T/N P-value T/N P-value T/N P-value T/N P-value    (FDR)  (FDR)  (FDR)  (FDR)  (FDR). 
Modulation was calculated as mean ratio of paired tumor (T)/controlateral normal tissue (N) gene expression. An arbitrary threshold of Ligand or Receptor gene expression modulation was settled at a P <0.01 (paired t-test) and/or FDR <0.25 and the results were considered relevant if present in at least 3 datasets. Above this arbitrary threshold, all the possible pairings with this L or R are reported. Significant ratios are in bold. The gaps mean that the T/N ratios were below the arbitrary significant threshold. 
L/R Gene Symbol RET_PTC1/Normal T/N *    I II III IV V. 
*T/N values are from Table 2 . See Table 2 legend for selection criteria. Concordant or discordant L/R pairs between the in vitro model and clinical samples. 
Treatments Number of Foci/Well. 
Effects of PHR, HC, EGF, E2, and 2-Fl-E2 on the Appearance of Transformed Foci in MCF-10A Cells after 5 Weeks in Continuous Culture. 
Effects of PHR, HC, EGF, E2, and 2-Fl-E2 on the appearance of transformed foci in MCF-10A cells after 5 weeks in continuous culture. MCF-10A cells, plated at 5 × 105 cells/well, were exposed to different culture and treatment conditions for 5 weeks in continuous culture. Cells were maintained and treated once a week in 6-well TC plates. The average number of transformed foci/well that appeared at 5 weeks in triplicate wells of each culture/treatment type from one experiment was used for analysis. Significance of differences was analyzed using One-way ANOVA followed by either Dunnet's or Tukey's test. 
Using One-way ANOVA followed by Dunnet's test:. 
-HC/-EGF/-PHR/E2 vs -HC/-EGF/-PHR/EtOH **p < 0.0005. 
-HC/-EGF/-PHR vs -HC/-EGF/-PHR/EtOH *p < 0.05. 
Using One-way ANOVA followed by Tukey's test:. 
-HC/-EGF/-PHR/E2 vs all groups ?p < 0.0005. 
-HC/-EGF/-PHR vs all groups except -HC/-EGF/-PHR/EtOH #p < 0.0005. 
Group Culture Condition Mean Number of Foci/Well +/- SE. 
Reversibility of Morphologic Transformation due to Re-addition of PHR, HC, and/or EGF to MCF-10A Cells Grown for 5 Weeks in -PHR/-HC/-EGF Medium. 
MCF-10A cells, plated at 5 × 105 cells/well, were grown in -PHR/-HC/-EGF medium for 5 weeks in 6-well tissue culture plates, at which time cells were re-exposed to depleted agents once for 1 week. Foci were counted at weeks 5 and 6 and the average number of foci/well in 2 wells per re-added agent(s) before and after re-supplementation from one experiment was used to assess reversibility of morphologic transformation. Significance was analyzed using One-way ANOVA followed by Tukey's test. 
Add Back HC vs -PHR/-HC/-EGF *p < 0.01. 
Group Culture/Treatment Conditions ER? (Mean Gene Expression) ER? (Mean Gene Expression). 
Estrogen Receptor Gene Expression in MCF-10A Cells Under Various Treatment and Culture Conditions. 
ER gene expression in MCF-10A cells maintained in and exposed to various culture/treatment conditions was assessed using a human estrogen signaling pathway-specific gene expression profiling system (SuperArray, Inc; Bethesda, MD) as described in the Methods section. Results shown are those of three different experiments comparing two different culture conditions at a time and using 5-10 ?g total RNA. MCF-10A cells grown in culture media either containing or lacking HC/EGF were either left non-treated (NT) or treated twice a week with 1 nM E2 for 2 weeks. Numbers in parentheses indicate the number of passages in that particular medium type. Mean signal intensity (pixels × 10-4) values from duplicate spots of both ER? and ER? per membrane were normalized against those of a housekeeping gene and taken to be representative of mean gene expression. 
a) Signal too weak to evaluate. 
Group Gene Gene Expression in -HC/-EGF (#1) Cells (Non-Treated) Gene Expression in -HC/-EGF (#1) Cells (1 nM E2). 
Comparison of Progesterone Receptor and Prolactin Gene Expression in 1 nM E2-Treated versus Non-treated MCF-10A -HC/-EGF (#1) Cells. 
MCF-10A cells maintained in +HC/+EGF medium were grown for 1 passage in -HC/-EGF medium and either left not treated (NT) or were treated twice a week for 2 weeks with 1 nM E2. Gene expression analysis of genes involved in the human estrogen signaling pathway in MCF-10A cells grown under these two treatment conditions were compared using a gene expression profiling system (SuperArray, Inc; Bethesda, MD) as described in the Methods section. Mean signal intensity (pixels × 10-4) values from duplicate spots of each cDNA per membrane were normalized against those of a housekeeping gene and taken to be representative of mean gene expression. Results shown are those of one experiment comparing two different treatment conditions. Significance of differences between expression of PR and PRL genes in MCF-10A -HC/-EGF (1 nM E2) cultures versus expression of their respective controls in MCF-10A -HC/-EGF (NT) cultures was analyzed using one-tailed Student's "t" test assuming unequal variances. *p < 0.05. 
Group Gene Mean Gene Expression in +HC/+EGF Mean Gene Expression in -HC/+EGF #21. 
Comparison of Estrogen Signaling Pathway Gene Expression in MCF-10A - HC/+EGF (#21) versus +HC/+EGF Cells. 
MCF-10A cells maintained in +HC/+EGF medium were either kept in this medium or subsequently grown for 21 passages in -HC/+EGF medium. Gene expression analysis of genes involved in the estrogen signaling pathway in MCF-10A cells grown in these two media types were compared using a gene expression profiling system (SuperArray, Inc; Bethesda, MD) as described in the Methods section. Mean signal intensity (Pixels × 10-4) values from duplicate spots of each cDNA per membrane were normalized against those of a housekeeping gene and taken to be representative of mean gene expression. Results shown are those of one experiment comparing two different culture conditions. Significance of differences between expression of each gene in MCF-10A -HC/+EGF #21 cultures versus expression of its respective control in MCF-10A +HC/+EGF cultures was analyzed using one-tailed Student's "t" test assuming unequal variances. *p < 0.05, **p < 0.005. 
Gene symbol—complete name Fold change, P value Genistein Daidzein Soy combinationa. 
Effect of soy isoflavones on expression of PI3-kinase pathway genes. 
Only genes that demonstrated ?1.3 > 1.3-fold difference and P  < 0.05 from RT2 PCR arrays are shown. 
aSoy combination (5:4:1, genistein:daidzein:glycitein). 
Experimental group HCT-116 HT-29 LoVo SW480. 
Expression levels of HIF-1? and P-gp under normoxic and hypoxic conditions in human colon carcinoma cells. 
Note N , Normoxia; H Hypoxia. 
*  P  < 0.01, analysis of HIF-1? expression of the same type of cell under normoxic and hypoxic culture conditions, compared with normoxia group; **  P  < 0.01, analysis of P-gp expression of the same type of cell under normoxic and hypoxic culture conditions, compared with normoxia group. 
Experimental group HCT-116 HT-29 LoVo SW480. 
Expression levels of HIF-1? and MDR1 mRNA under normoxic and hypoxic conditions in human colon carcinoma cells. 
Note N Normoxia; H Hypoxia. 
*   P  < 0.01, analysis of HIF-1? mRNA expression of the same type of cell under normoxic and hypoxic culture conditions, compared with normoxia group; **  P  < 0.01, analysis of MDR1 mRNA expression of the same type of cell under normoxic and hypoxic culture conditions, compared with normoxia group. 
miRNA Class miRNA Liver-tumor dysregulation Special in HCC [ 61 ] Murakami(2006) [ 57 ] Jiang(2008) [ 58 ] Huang(2008) [ 61 ] Ladeiro(2008) [ 63 ] Su(2009) [ 64 ] Gramantieri(2007) [ 65 ] Huang(2009) [ 66 ]. 
miRNA Expression Profiles in HCC Compared with Normal Liver. 
Mechanisms of resistance to sunitinib and everolimus. 
PDGFR, platelet derived growth factor receptor; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; VEGFR, VEGF receptor. 
Time Clone G0/G1 S G2/M. 
Tumor Chr. Ensembl gene ID Ensembl display HUGO ID Chr. position Ref. Obs. Het. Protein position Ref. amino acid Alt. amino acid Description. 
Predicted protein coding somatic changes within the initial and the drug resistant recurrent tumor. 
Validated non-synonymous single nucleotide variations (SNVs) predicted by high-throughput sequencing are listed with the corresponding chromosome (CHr.), Ensembl gene ID, the HUGO ID, chromosomal position, the identity of the base at this location in the reference genome (Ref.), the observed base that does not match the reference (Obs.), and the IUPAC code at the heterogeneous position (Het.), the position in the protein where the amino acid changed as a result of the SNV, the reference amino acid, the altered amino acid, and the Ensembl description for this gene. Those marked as 'Initial' (first four SNVs) were identified in the primary tumor and were validated using PCR and Sanger sequencing on germline and tumor genomic DNA. Those marked as 'Recurrence' (remaining nine SNVs) were identified in the post-treatment secondary tumor and were validated by Illumina sequencing. SNVs in the initial tumor were also identified and validated in the recurrent tumor. 
Condition Plating efficiency  PINCH1 fl/fl PINCH1 ?/?. 
*Poly-S, polystyrene; Poly-L, poly-L-lysine; FN, Fibronectin. 
Cell line/Condition Plating efficiency  Co siRNA PINCH1 siRNA. 
*Poly-S, polystyrene. 
Protein Phospho site a Description b (SGD). 
Proteins for which phosphorylation decreased at PKA consensus motif RRxS after rapamycin treatment. 
a?For each protein the coordinate of the regulated phospho-site and the fold-increase the average ratio (±SD) are given in parentheses. No SD indicates that the phospho-sites were identified in only one experiment. 
b?The description of the function of the protein is given according to the SGD with adaptation. 
Probe at membrane Probe in cytoplasm. 
Localization of PKC-GFP probe after mast cell stimulation. 
*?p < 0.005 by chi-square. 
Cell Line Tumors/Injections NOD/SCID Mice (?T, B, NK cells, ?complement) Tumors/Injections Nude Mice (?T cells). 
Name of study Tumour type(s) screened. 
  Tumour type Mutated genes. 
RAS Component Total Conserved miRNA Targets Total Poorly Conserved miRNA Targets Overall Total miRNA Targets. 
TargetScan* algorithm-predicted RAS putative miRNA/mRNA target sites. 
*Source: TargetScan (April, 2009). The number of potential targets is dramatically dependent upon the algorithm utilized. 
RAS Component dbSNP# Hetero dbSNP bp from Stop Codon Loss of Function miRSNP Gain of Function miRSNP. 
Patrocles* algorithm-predicted RAS component miRSNPs. 
*Source: www.patrocles.org/. 
RAS Component Loss of Function miRSNP Physiological Result Gain of Function miRSNP Physiological Result. 
Physiological ramifications of RAS miRSNPs. 
Accession No Condition Biological replicates. 
The gene expression data were divided into two groups, i.e. before invasion and after invasion, based on the experimental conditions under which the expression data were generated. The detailed descriptions of experimental conditions can be found in PLEXdb ( http://www.plexdb.org/ ). 
Genes Degree Clustering coefficient Betweenness. 
The distribution of degree, clustering coefficient and betweenness were respectively investigated for pathogenic genes, seed genes, and all genes in PPI. 
Matched breast primary-brain metastasis pairs. 
Somatic mutations identified by OncoCarta and ER, PgR and HER family of receptors assessment. 
A, validated by immunohistochemistry using a mutation-specific antibody; ER, estrogen receptor; H, validated by High Resolution Melt analysis; I, validated by iPLEX; ID, case number identification; MAP, Mutant Allele Proportion estimated by OncoCarta; NVI, not validated by iPLEX; NVP, no further validation possible because no DNA remained; O, validated by repeat OncoCarta; PgR, progesterone receptor; S, validated by sequencing; Y, sequencing did not work for this sample; n.a., not accessed. 
Reference Observations/lesions Clinical/biological aspects. 
Summary of HGF/Met alterations in breast cancer. 
HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; MMTV, mouse mammary tumor virus promoter. 
Agent Type Targets Phase of development Comments. 
Summary of HGF/Met inhibitors currently in clinical trials. 
FGFR, fibroblast growth factor receptor; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Primer Primer sequence Fragment Position Primer Length (bp) Tm (°C). 
Primer sequences. 
Sequence Designated as. 
siRNA sequences. 
SD Expression KD Expression Gene Symbol Gene Name Non-Tumor Tumor Non-Tumor Tumor. 
Genes with significant differential expression in animals fed a KD versus those fed SD. 
Expression values are normalized to the 50th percentile per array. 
protein phosphopeptide phosphosite(s) SILAC ratio % variability. 
Variability (%) was calculated using the standard deviation of the natural logarithms of the SILAC ratios, multiplied by 100. 
phosphosite(s) modified peptide(s) localization score (SLoMo) ratio H/L count ratio H/L % variability. 
SLoMo score = ?10 × (log( p ). A score of 19 corresponds to a localization confidence with p = 0.0126.( 33 ). 
protein IDs protein names unique peptides (seq/mod/labels) sequence coverage (%) ratio H/L ratio H/L significance. 
protein ID protein names unique peptides (seq/mod/labels) sequence coverage (%) ratio H/L ratio H/L significance ratio Hmyc-Dok1/Luntransfected. 
Not detected. 
Detected only in Dok1 immunoprecipitation and not in untransfected control; therefore, no ratio could be calculated. 
Protein Accession number Signal/Control. 
Cell signaling agent Organ or action Reference. 
Apoptosis. 
Cell signaling Organ or action Reference. 
Cancer. 
Cell signaling agent Organ or action Reference. 
Inflammation. 
Cell signaling agent Organ or action Reference. 
Heart. 
Cell signaling agent Organ or action Reference. 
Miscellaneous. 
Drug class Renin PRA Plasma Ang I Plasma Ang II Tissue Ang II. 
Changes in renin, plasma renin activity, plasma Ang I, plasma Ang II and tissue Ang II levels in response to antihypertensive drug classes affecting various sites of the RAAS. 
Abbreviations: ?, Increase; ?, decreased; =, unchanged; ACE I, angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors; ARB, angiotensin type I receptor blocker; DRI, direct renin inhibitor. 
Factor Cells Affected Function(s)/defect(s) in Immune Evasion. 
Factors may contribute to the defects in immune recognition of BL cells. 
Clinicopathologic parameters ?Case No. HIF-1 ? expression? P value CXCR4 expression? P value VEGF expression? P value Low High ? Low High ? Low High ?. 
Correlation of HIF-1 ? , CXCR4, and VEGF expression with clinicopathologic features in colon cancer. Sections were subjected to routine deparaffinization and rehydration. Antigen retrieval was achieved by microwaving in citrate buffer for 10?min. The endogenous peroxidase activity was inhibited by incubation with 3% hydrogen peroxide. The specimens were reacted overnight with anti-HIF-1 ? antibodies, anti-CXCR4 antibodies, and anti-VEGF antibodies, then were incubated with rat anti-mouse-IgG2b-horseradish peroxidase. The sections were then counterstained with hematoxylin and mounted (see Section 2 ). Staining intensity and percentage of positive tumor cells were assessed. Multiplication of the intensity and the percentage scores gave rise to the final staining score: 0 (negative), + (1–4), ++ (5–8), and +++ (9–12). For statistical analysis, tumors having staining scores of 0 or + were designated the low expression group, and tumors with scores of ++ or +++ the high expression group. The correlation between clinicopathologic parameters and HIF-1 ? , CXCR4, and VEGF expression were analyzed by Chi-squared test or Fisher's exact test. Abbreviations: HIF-1 ? : Hypoxia-inducible factor-1; CXCR4: CXC chemokine receptor 4; VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor; HPP: hyperplastic polyps; TNM: tumor-node-metastasis. 
aDenotes significant difference among the three tissue types. 
bDenotes significant difference between colon cancer and normal colonic tissue. 
cDenotes significant difference between colon cancer and HPP. 
Lymph node metastasis P value Distant metastasis P -value  Negative Positive Negative Positive. 
Correlation of combined high expression of HIF-1 ? , CXCR4, and VEGF with lymph node status and distant metastasis. 
Strain background Average no. of discrete dots/cell a Vector pGFP-SifAWT. 
Fluoresence microscopic analyses of peroxisomes in wild-type and mutant cells. 
Cells transformed with plasmids pDsRed-PTS1 and pGFP-SifAWT (pDV116) or empty vector (p426TEFpr) were grown in medium with or without oleic acid, then fixed and visualized by direct fluorescence microscopy. In experiments with pGFP-SifA, PTS1-labelled peroxisomes were scored in cells expressing GFP-SifA structures. In all cases, >95% cells have overlapping DsRed-PTS1 and GFP-SifA structures. Results were scored in an average of 100 cells per strain, and each experiment was repeated at least once. WT, wild-type strain. 
a?Average numbers of dots ± SD, are either dispersed or attached, but distinctly small round peroxisomes labelled with DsRed-PTS1. 
b?Statistically significant difference (p < 0.005) was observed for the average numbers of dots between vector and pGFP-SifA populations in all cases, except in pex25 ? (p = 0.56) and rho1 (p = 0.18) background. 
Plasmid Free and distinct (%) a Peroxisome count b Clusters of ? two peroxisomes with adherent membranes c (%) Invaginations and exaggerated membranes c (%). 
EM analyses of peroxisomes in wild-type cells. 
Wild-type cells selected for either pGFP-SifAWT or vector were grown in oleic acid for 18 h before fixing and processing for EM. 
a?Percent of total cells analyzed (162 for vector, and 160 for SifA); values add up to more than 100% because cells may exhibit more than one phenotype. 
b?Number of free and distinct peroxisomes counted (437 for vector; 105 for pGFP-SifA) per ?m2 of total cell area assayed (1454.1 ?m2 for vector; 1496.7 ?m2 for GFP-SifA). 
c?See Figure 4 D for depiction of phenotypes. These peroxisomes are not included in the calculation of peroxisome count. 
subtype cell line MS-MLPA MSP CD44 mRNA Aza induction of CD44 mRNA CD44 protein. 
CD44 methylation status, mRNA and protein expression in lymphoma cell lines. 
Gene expression and induction of CD44 mRNA transcription were analyzed by qRT-PCR. Aza induction was tested after incubation of cells for 3 days with 5 ?M Aza. CD44 protein expression was analyzed by flow cytometry. MS-MLPA and MSP results: M: methylated, U: unmethylated; fold of Aza induction: + > 3 ×, ++ > 30 ×, +++ > 150 ×, - = no change; n.d.: not determined. 
published data this study   Lymphoma subtype CD44s protein [reference] CD44 unmethylated promoter in primary lymphomas CD44 unmethylated promoter in cell lines CD44s expression in cell lines. 
CD44s expression in lymphoma: comparison of published data with this study. 
Comparison of CD44s protein expression in samples of lymphoma patients as reported in the literature and CD44 methylation status and CD44s gene expression in lymphoma cell lines and patient samples analyzed in our study. CD44 methylation status was determined by MSP (primary samples) or MS-MLPA (cell lines), CD44 gene expression levels were analyzed by qRT-PCR. pos = most of the reported samples were CD44 positive, neg = all analyzed samples were negative for CD44. pos/neg = CD44+ and CD44- samples were described, n.d. = not determined. 
Cancer Type Findings Prognosis. 
Important findings regarding expression of Sema4D and Plexin-B1 in various human cancers. 
transition up-regulated spots sum of up- regulated spots down-regulated spots sum of down- regulated spots sum of identified proteins. 
Spots regulated within the transitions and the number of identified proteins. 
The numbers of spots up- or down-regulated within the transitions are listed and summed up. The number of identified proteins within regulated spots of a particular transition is presented in the right column. Spots marked with an asterisk are not detectable before or after a transition. 
Spot No SwissProt ID gene BJ T TE TER IPI ID. 
Identified proteins within the protein spots showing at least two-fold up- or down-regulation between the cell lines of the malignant transformation model. 
Shown are the corresponding SwissProt ID, gene name and the average regulation of the protein spot normalized to the spot intensity in the BJ cells (bold = up-regulation, bold italic = down-regulation). For detailed information see Additional file 1 . 
transition transition feature genes presumably up-regulated proteins genes presumably down-regulated proteins. 
Transition features and the presumably regulated proteins. 
The respective transition features and the genes of proteins identified in the spots up- or down-regulated within the transitions are listed. In one case the protein ID is listed. PPME1 and SLC25A24 were identified both in the up-regulated spot 24 and within the same transition these proteins were also identified in two different down-regulated spots. Hence, they are mentioned within the presumably up- and down-regulated proteins of the SV40 ER transition. 
spot no SwissProt ID protein protein name abbreviation gene pI MW BJ T TE TER Subcellular localization selection of biological processes. 
List of all unequivocally identified proteins. 
Shown are SwissProt ID, protein name and abbreviation as well as gene, isoelectric point (pI), molecular weight (MW), regulation, subcellular localization, and a selection of the biological processes the proteins are involved. 
Salirasib treatment      50 ?M 100 ?M 150 ?M. 
Salirasib induced decrease in cell number after 7 days of treatment. 
Data (means ± S.E.M.) are expressed as relative change compared with the control group (DMSO) ** P < 0.01 and *** P < 0.001. 
HepG2 Huh7 Hep3B. 
Summary of apoptosis-related changes. 
--: no change; ?(increase of 1-2x over controls)/??(2-5x)/???(>5x); ?(reduction <2x compared to controls)/??(reduction >2x compared to control); NE: not expressed; SA: subjective appraisal. Bold characters: anti-apoptotic. Plain characters: pro-apoptotic. 
Gene ID Symbol Gene Name Anova Fold change Description of cancer related or other major function Reference. 
Genes most responsive to Runx2 in C4-2B cells. 
Fold changes on day 1 and day 2 are listed in columns I and II respectively, and column q lists fold changes based on RT-qPCR analysis of the day-2 samples. Major gene functions were determined using knowledge databases from OMIM (Online Mendelian Inheritance of Man), IPA™ systems and the indicated referenced literature. Abbreviations: EMT, epithelial to mesenchymal transition; TM, transmembrane; GPCR, G-protein coupled receptor; ECM, extracellular matrix. 
A) ? 2 fold up-regulated, total 532 genes p-value genes. 
Diseases, Molecular and Cellular Functions associated with genes up-regulated (A) and down-regulated (B) by Runx2. 
IPA™ analysis indicating the association of Runx2-regulated genes to a particular category identifying the indicated disease or function. The ranges of p values indicate the statistical significance with which Runx2-regulated genes associate with the each category. 
Microarray samples Biological coefficients (1,2) a (2,3) (1,3). 
Correlation coefficients of microarray hybridization with total RNA from leaves of transgenic cotton T-34 and wild-type Z35. 
1, 2, and 3 represent three biological replicates from leaves or roots. 
cDNA/ A. thaliana orthologue Oligonucleotide primers Gene function or GenBank accession No. Fold change Microarray Real-time RT-PCR Real-time RT-PCR (challenged with V. dahliae). 
Characteristics of PCR primers used in real-time RT-PCR analysis. 
Array ID A. thaliana orthologue Fold change Description Putative biological functions Leaf Root. 
Thirty-six genes that were differentially expressed in both leaves and roots of transgenic T-34 compared with wild-type Z35. 
Array ID A. thaliana orthologue Fold change P-value Putative functions. 
Differentially expressed defence-related genes in leaves of transgenic T-34. 
a P -value (t-test) was calculated from three replicates. 
bThe function annotation was based on the consensus of multiple blasts. 
cFold change of expression was based on the comparison between expression in leaves of T-34 versus Z35. 
Array ID A. thaliana orthologue Fold change P -value Description. 
Differentially expressed genes related to the signal transduction in leaves of transgenic T-34. 
Array ID A. thaliana orthologue Fold change P -value Description. 
Up-regulated genes related to the energy production and consumption in transgenic T-34. 
Type of biomarkers Analysis. 
Cancer biomarkers. 
Clinical use Subjects Types Potential markers. 
Molecular biomarkers for the detection of CRC. 
Cancers miRNA Authors and Ref. nos. 
miRNA related to prognosis of cancer. 
Name Abbreviation Cell localization Cell type marker. 
Cell type markers analyzed by immunocytochemistry on NPI cell monolayers cultured alone or with ESC. 
Cells (days) Ck7+/Insulin+ (%) PDX-1+/Insulin+ (%) Insulin+/c-kit+ (%) PDX-1/c-kit+ (%). 
Immunohistochemical analysis of differentiation markers of NPI monolayers cultured alone or in the presence of ESC. 
C: Control untreated NPI monolayers. 
+ESC: NPI monolayers cocultured in the presence of encapsulated Sertoli cells. 
Data represent the percentage of positive cells and are given as means ±?SD ( n = 3). 
*P < .050. 
No Compound IC50 BRAF (?M) IC50 ppERK (?M) GI50 SRB (?M). 
Biological activities of BRAF inhibitors. 
Primer name Primer. 
Gene-specific primers for real time PCR. 
Chr. No. Unigene ID a QTL b Annotation c. 
QTL information for co-localized genes in the forward SSH library. 
a Accession numbers of unigenes. 
b The QTLs were identified by Qiu , and sdw = shoot dry weight; ph = plant height; rl = root length; rdw = root dry weight; tdw = total dry weight. For all the QTL names, the first number following the letters represents the chromosome locations of the QTL and the second number represents the orders of the QTL located on the same chromosome by the same trait. The sequence was searched in MaizeGDB using blastn of an inclusion score >100 and E-value < 10-5. 
c The annotation was obtained by a similarity search using blastn and blastx at NCBI. 
Functional groups GenBank Name Symbol Ratio control/CRF 6 h Ratio control/CRF 24 h. 
List of genes affected by CRF. 
Functional groups: 1, Cell adhesion; 2, Cell cycle; 3, Cell growth and proliferation; 4, apoptosis; 5, Transcription factors and regulators; 6, Other genes involved in metastasis. *, increase or decrease equal or higher than 40%. 
RASSF2 RASSF5A RASSF1A c. 
Summary of RASSF2, RASSF5A and RASSF1A methylation analyses. 
significant differences: aprimary thyroid carcinoma vs. follicular adenoma or primary thyroid carcinoma vs. normal thyroid (p?0.001, Fisher's exact test); b primary thyroid carcinoma vs. goiter (p = 0.015, Fisher's exact test); c[ 7 , 10 ]. 
interaction partners interaction in Y2H interaction in pulldown. 
Summary of interaction analyses. 
+, positive interaction; -, no interaction; w, weak interaction; na, not analyzed. 
GenBank Cytoband HUGO symbol HUGO Gene Name PC346DCC PC346Flu1 PC346Flu2     2log ratio qvalue 2log ratio qvalue 2log ratio qvalue. 
*no approved HUGO symbol/name exists for this entry. If present, gene symbol/name from the UNIGENE database is given in alternative. 
2log ratio>0 indicates overexpression in the therapy-refractory subline, compared to parental PC346C. 
2log ratio<0 indicates down-regulation in the therapy-refractory subline. 
GenBank Cytoband HUGO symbol HUGO GeneName PC346DCC PC346Flu1 PC346Flu2     2log ratio qvalue 2log ratio qvalue 2log ratio qvalue. 
*no approved HUGO symbol/name exists for this entry. If present, gene symbol/name from the UNIGENE database is given in alternative. 
2log ratio>0 indicates overexpression in the therapy-refractory subline, compared to parental PC346C. 
2log ratio<0 indicates down-regulation in the therapy-refractory subline. 
Cell line #genes regulated up/down regulated Cytoband #genes cytoband * Bonferroni p-value. 
p-values determined by Fisher's exact test with Bonferroni correction for multiple testing. 
*number of genes located in the cytoband that are expressed by the indicated cell line. 
First Author Reference samples Test samples. 
RAGE PI 3 K PIP 2 AKT MDM 2 MDM 2 p P 53 RAS RAF MEK ERK RE. 
Initial values for the model. 
Non-zero initial values of the proteins are listed in the table; other unlisted proteins are initially set to 0. 
Property 1: Pr ? 0.9 [F t (G 900 ( P 53 < 3.3 × 10 4 ))]. 
Verification of property 1. 
Property 1 specifies that the number of p53 molecules will be less than a threshold value within t minutes, and it will always stay below this value during the next 900 minutes. The initial value of HMGB1 is 103. 
Property 3: Pr ? 0.9[ F 20( PI 3 K a/PI 3 K tot > 0.5)]. 
Verification of property 3. 
Property 3 specifies that half of the PI3K molecules will be activated within 20 minutes when HMGB1 is overexpressed. 
Property 4: Pr ? 0.9 [F 600 ( CyclinE > 900)] Property 5: Pr ? 0.9 [F 600 ( CyclinD > 900)]. 
Verification of property 4 and 5. 
Property 4 specifies that the overexpression of HMGB1 will induce the expression of cell regulatory protein CyclinE. 
Property 5 specifies that the mutation of RAS will lead to the upregulation of CyclinD. 
Property 7: Pr ? 0.9[ F 100( P 53/10000 ? a ? F 100( P 53/10000 ? 0.4))]. 
Verification of property 7. 
Property 7 specifies that the increase of HMGB1's expression level can increase the first peak of p53's concentration in the G1 phase. 
Gene Name Fold Change. 
The most significantly over-expressed and down regulated genes representative in CLL versus normal PB B-cells in our GEP (HG-U133A Affymetrix array) compared to that of Klein et al. (12; U95A Affymetrix array) and Jelinek et al. (15; U95Av2 Affymetrix array). The 10 distinct genes represented by 15 probe sets differentially expressed in all three CLL GEP studies with fold change. 
ID Symbol Name Fold Change. 
(A). The top 20 over-expressed genes; (B). The top 20 down regulated genes. 
Cytokine Fold Change Function(s). 
(a). 
Ligand (Fold D) Receptor (Fold D) Function(s). 
(b). 
Controls Low protein Statistical significance. 
Gene ontology category GO Number  UP-Regulated   Down-Regulated    Number % P-value Number % P-value. 
The number and percentage of genes up-regulated or down regulated within each GO category in LP rats in relation to control animals are presented. The indicated P-value corresponds to modified Fisher Exact P-Value for gene-enrichment analysis (EASE score). From a total of 26609 examined genes, 688 were up-regulated and 309 down-regulated. 
Gene name Gene ID Fold change P-value. 
Gene name Gene symbol Gene_ID Fold change P-value GO Category. 
Hierarchical cluster analysis was performed using CLUSTER 3.0 and TREEVIEW software as indicated in the Material and Methods section. The indicated P-value corresponds to the Student's t-test P value. S?=? Signal transduction; M?=? Metabolism; T?=? Transcription. 
35 Days 180 Days Gene Controls Low protein Controls Low protein. 
Quantitative RT-PCR experiments were performed in triplicate using non-pooled mRNA samples from 3 to 4 different animals and ?-actin as internal control. The relative amount of the different genes normalized to the endogenous expression of ?-actin was calculated by the formula 2-??CT where ?? C T?=? ( C Tgene - C T?-actin) LP rat - ( C Tgene - C T?-actin) control rat. 
*P<0.05;. 
**P<0.01;. 
***P<0.001 compared with control animals of the same age. 
Term TNFRSF11B upstream TNFRSF11B downstream    con(act) con(inh) exp(act) exp(inh) con(act) con(inh) exp(act) exp(inh). 
Up- and down-stream gene numbers of activation and inhibition of each module with TNFRSF11B gene in TNFRSF11B development cluster between frontal cortex of HIVE-control patients and HIVE. 
con represents control (HIVE-control patients), exp: experiment (HIVE), act: activation, inh: inhibition. 
Term TNFRSF11B upstream    con(act) con(inh) exp(act) exp(inh). 
Activation and inhibition gene names of TNFRSF11B up- and down-stream development cluster in frontal cortex of HIVE-control patients and HIVE. 
con represents control (HIVE-control patients), exp: experiment (HIVE), act: activation, inh: inhibition. 
Use of Biomarker Clinical Goal. 
Use of Cancer Biomarkers in Patient Care. 
Use of Biomarker Drug Development Goal. 
Biomarker Application in Drug Development. 
Primary Tumor (T) Early Stage Advanced Stage. 
The TNM Staging System. 
The TNM staging system based primarily on the anatomical extent of disease, which considers the tumor size or depth (T), lymph node spread (N), and presence or absence of metastases (M). The TNM system is used as a standard for staging and predicting survival, choice of early treatment, and stratification of patients in clinical trials. 
Serum Marker Description/Type Biological Function Purpose. 
Description of the Biological Function of Selected Serum Markers. 
Adapted from reference 159 . 
Transcribed Expressed in testis Expressed in cancer Fusion partner with SS18 Inducible Alternative splices Reference. 
SSX family members: expression, fusion constructs, inducibility, and isoforms. The mRNA expression patterns of the ten known SSX family members are shown for testis and tumor tissues in columns 2, 3, and 4, while SSX family members known to be involved in the SS18-SSX fusion event are shown in column 5. SSX members shown to be inducible with epigenetic modifying agents or known to have alternative splice isoforms are shown in columns 6 and 7, respectively. References are given in column 8. 
+ = positive/strong, +/? = positive/weak, ? = negative/undetectable. 
*very seldom. 
**Only one case observed [ 75 ]. 
n.d. = not demonstrated. 
SSX1 SSX2 SSX3 SSX4 SSX5 SSX6 SSX7 SSX8 SSX9 SSX10 References. 
Expression of SSX family members in cancers of different histological types. The expression of SSX family members 1–10 are shown for 24 cancers of varying histological origin and in normal testis tissue. “+” indicates that the presence of SSX mRNA or protein has been detected in these tumor tissues. 
*Only observed in cell lines. 
Class Name Native peptide sequence Haplotype Naturally presented by SSX+ tumor cells Known family member recognition Reference. 
SSX epitopes: sequences, haplotype restrictions, and recognition. The known SSX immunogenic class I and class II MHC peptides or epitopes are shown. Amino acid sequence, haplotype restriction, tumor presentation, family member recognition, and references are outlined for each peptide/epitope. Symbol designations include + = SSX4 sequence, n.d. = not demonstrated. † = p41–49 epitope shown to be recognized on Me 275, SK-MEL-37, T343B, and T567A melanoma cells and SW 872 liposarcoma cells; p103–111 shown to be recognized on SK-MEL-37 melanoma cells and LNCaP prostate cancer cells; and p45–59 shown to be recognized on Me 275 cells. * = Recognized on antigen-loaded dendritic cells but not endogenously presented by tumor cells. 
Authors Experimental model Number of analyzed genes Identified affected pathways. 
Summary of the models used and of the major findings obtained by applying microarray technologies to the study of ageing skeletal muscle. 
Authors Experimental model Proteomic analysis Identified affected pathways and major findings. 
Summary of the models used and of the major findings obtained by applying proteomic approaches to the study of the ageing skeletal muscle. 
Authors Experimental model Treatments Number of genes Number of genes affected by T3 Identified affected pathways and major findings. 
Summary of the models used and of the major findings obtained by applying microarray technologies to the study of THs effects on relevant metabolically active tissues. 
Authors Experimental model Treatments Number of protein spots analyzed Number of identified proteins affected by T3 Identified affected pathways and major findings. 
Summary of the models used and of the major findings obtained by applying 2D-E and MS to the study of THs effects. 
Study/reference Number of patients Tumor types Dosing EGFR expression Results. 
Summary of clinical trials regarding panitumumab. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response; FOLFIRI, fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan (infusional); PR, partial response; IFL, irinotecan, fluorouracil, leucovorin (bolus); MR, minor response; FOLFOX, fluorouracil, leucovorin, oxaliplatin (infusional); SD, stable disease; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; PD, progressive disease; CRC, colorectal cancer; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; OS, overall survival; NR, not required; PFS, progression-free survival; TTP, time to progression. 
Protocol IDs Title Design Status Trial description. 
Summary of clinical trials regarding panitumumab. 
Outcome measure Evidence Implications. 
Core Evidence clinical impact summary for [Panitumumab for metastatic colorectal cancer]. 
Reference Population sample Findings Incidence of DCM. 
Main and recent echocardiographic, population-based studies on diabetic cardiomyopathy. 
Abbreviations: DCM, diabetic cardiomyopathy; DM, diabetes mellitus; IGT, impaired glucose tolerance; LV, left ventricular; HTN, hypertension; TEI, total ejection isovolumic; MetS, metabolic syndrome; IB, integrated backscatter. 
Reference Type of diabetes Intervention Purpose Follow-up period Treatment regimen Results. 
Major studies on treatment strategies of diabetic cardiomyopathy. 
Abbreviations: DCM, diabetic cardiomyopathy; IGT, impaired glucose tolerance; RR, relative risk; MI, myocardial infarction; CVD, cardiovascular disease death; HF, heart failure; HDL-C, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels; Ca-blocker, calcium channel blocker; ACE, angiotensin-converting-enzyme; ASA, acetylsalicylic acid. 
Relevant Biology Modulator Pathway Readouts. 
Note: See Table S1 for the complete list of nodes analyzed. 
Donors Are Classified by FLT3-ITD Mutation Status  Study 1 Study 2  FLT3-ITD Status  FLT3-ITD Status  Characteristic ITD WT All P-value 2 ITD WT All P-value 2. 
There are 25 primary refractory patients and 6 failed patients in Study 2. 
P-values were caluclated as follows:. 
Median survival was estimated from Kaplan-Meier survival curves; the p-value is the log-rank test. 
Fisher's Exact test or the standard Chi-Square test was used to compare donors with FLT3-ITD, FLT3-WT, or Unknown status with respect to categorical variables. 
The two-sample ttest was used to compare mean ages of FLT3-ITD and FLT3-WT donors; donors with unknown status were not included in the comparison. 
Study 1 Study 2  Healthy BMMb FLT3-WT AML Healthy BMMb FLT3-WT AML Node | Metric: Ave Ave Min Max Ave Ave Min Max. 
Signaling assesed at 15?. 
Note: Mean values are not directly comparable between Study 1 and Study 2 due to experimental configuration and methodological improvements between studies. 
No statistics were applied for the Healthy BMMb comparison within Study1 or Study2 alone due to the low number of healthy donors. 
See Table S2A for a statistical analysis of varaince for FLT3L induced signaling in FLT3-WT AML and Healthy BMMb samples. 
Study 1 Study 2 Node | Metric: FLT3-WT AML FLT3-ITD AML AUCROC t-test P Wilcox. P Mean Value of WT/ITD AUCROC t-test P Wilcox. P Mean Value of WT/ITD. 
? ?=? higher signaling response in indicated molecular group. 
For detailed information for each Study see Tables S3 and S4 . 
Note: Mean values are not directly comparable between Study 1 and Study 2 due to experimental configuration and methodological improvements between studies. 
FLT3 Status Relapse <3 Months Remission >2 Years. 
Protein Site Sequence Score. 
The top-scoring predicted hits that match the LRRK2 phosphorylation consensus were identified using Scansite (scansite.mit.edu). 
Gene Ensembl gene ID BTA1 Gene function2 Imprinting status in cattle Additional species in which gene is imprinted/Preferentially-expressed allele3. 
The eight candidate bovine imprinted genes analysed in this study. 
Information regarding the expressed allele for all eight genes is based on the patterns of imprinting in mouse and human and, where possible, cattle, sheep and pigs. The chromosomal location of each gene was obtained from the ENSEMBL database ( http://www.ensembl.org ) and are based on Build 4.0, Ensembl release 59, of the B. taurus genome sequence (August 2010). The ENSEMBL database gene identity (ID) for each gene is given. 
1 B. taurus chromosome number. 
2 Data taken from the GeneCards Version 3 database [ 64 ]; [ http://www.genecards.org ]. 
3 Data taken from the Catalogue of Parent-of-Origin Effects database [ 16 ] and the Geneimprint database [ 14 ]. 
4 Tveden-Nyborg et al . [ 34 ]. 
5 Khatib et al . [ 35 ]. 
6 Kim et al . [ 32 ]; Kim et al . [ 33 ]. 
Gene/Expressed allele BTA SNP ID1 Nucleotide position of SNP SNP gene position Alleles (1/2)2 Frequency allele 1 ( p )3 Heterozygosity Deviation from HWE. 
Information for the SNPs genotyped in this study and summary statistics for the 848 genotyped Irish Holstein-Friesian AI sires. 
Genotype and allele frequencies and the significance of deviations from Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium (HWE) based on P -values obtained from ?2-test results are shown for all 17 SNPs. All SNP nucleotide positions were obtained from the Build 4.0 of the B. taurus genome sequence on the ENSEMBL database ( http://www.ensembl.org ) or the UCSC genome browser ( http://genome.ucsc.edu ). The ORF gene model positions for each SNP are given. For exonic SNPs, amino acid sequence changing SNPs ( i.e . non-synonymous SNPs, denoted 'non-syn') and non-amino acid sequence changing SNPs ( i.e . synonymous SNPs, denoted 'syn') are shown. The imprinting status of each gene is based on data from human and mice and, where possible, cattle, sheep and pigs [ 14 , 16 ]. 
1 Where possible, SNP identities (IDs) are given as per their entry in the dbSNP database [ 43 ]; [ http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/SNP ]. Where no dbSNP ID was available, SNPs were labelled as per nomenclature used by Magee et al . [ 8 ] as detailed in the main body text of the manuscript. 
2 Alleles 1 and 2 represent the major and minor alleles, respectively, at a given SNP. 
3 The frequency of allele 1 ( p ), the major allele at a SNP locus. 
SNP Gene/BTA Allele substitution Milk protein yield (kg) Milk fat percentage1 (×100) Milk protein percentage1 (×100) Somatic cell count1 (units×100) Calf perinatal mortality1 (%×100). 
SNP associations with milk traits, somatic cell score and calf perinatal mortality. 
Standard errors for each trait are shown in parentheses. Levels of significance: † P ? 0.10; * P ? 0.05; ** P ? 0.01. 1A value of 1 prior to multiplication by 100 equates to 1 percentage unit. 
SNP Gene/BTA Allele substitution Culled cow carcass weight (kg) Progeny carcass weight (kg) Progeny carcass conformation1 Progeny carcass fat1 Angularity2 Body condition score2. 
SNP associations with carcass traits and fat deposition traits. 
Standard errors for each trait are shown in parentheses. Levels of significance: † P ? 0.10; * P ? 0.05; ** P ? 0.01. Progeny carcass fat score and progeny carcass conformation score are shown on a scale of 1.00 (low) to 15.00 (high) according to Hickey et al . [ 97 ]. 1 A value of 1 equates to 1 percentage unit. 2 Expressed in genetic standard deviations. 
?SNP Gene/BTA Allele substitution Body depth1 Rump angle1 Rump width1 Stature1. 
SNP associations with body conformation traits and growth-related traits. 
Standard errors for each trait are shown in parentheses. Levels of significance: † P ? 0.10; * P ? 0.05; ** P ? 0.01. 1 Expressed in genetic standard deviations. 
Cell Line Gene Relative expression levels. 
RASSF1A and RASSF1C mRNA expression in epithelial and breast cancer cell lines. 
QRT-PCR analysis of total RNA from human primary mammary epithelial cells (AG1132B) and from established breast cancer cell lines, Hs578T. MDA-MB231, and T47D cells. 1 ?g of total RNA was used to perform reverse transcription reactions (RTs) and 1 ul of the RT reaction was used to set up qRT-PCR reactions in triplicates using RASSF1A and RASSF1C specific primers. All qRT-PCR reactions were set in triplicates and Cyclophillin was used as an internal loading control and used to normalize the relative expression levels using the 2-?? method [ 42 ]. The RT-PCR analysis shows that RASSF1A expression was down and RASSF1C expression is up in established breast cancer cell lines compared the primary mammary epithelial cells. 
Gene Gene discription Fold change. 
Novel RASSF1C target genes in T47D breast cancer cells. 
List of novel RASSF1C target genes identified in T47D breast cancer cells using microarray analysis. Affymetrix-microarray analysis was performed using T47D cells over-expressing RASSF1C as outlined in Materials and Methods section. Data analysis was performed using the dChip program [ 21 ] and the thresholds for selecting significant genes were set at a relative difference > = 1.5-fold (or/and 2-fold), absolute signal difference > = 50, and p < 0.05. Genes that met all three criteria were considered as significant changes. Comparison results with False Discovery Rate (FDR) <5% was considered as a valid analysis. 
Gene Fold Change. 
Validation of selected RASSF1C target genes. 
List of selected RASSF1C target genes validated in the T47D breast cancer cell line using RT-PCR. The RT-PCR reactions were carried out in triplicates and the fold change was calculated using the 2-??CT method [ 22 ]. Cyclophyllin was used as a loading control. 
Gene Fold change. 
Effects of silencing RASSF1C on target genes. 
Caspase3 and CXR4 gene expression in T47D cells treated with Mission® lentiviral transduction particles specific to RASSF1C. The fold change is compared to T47D cells treated control scrambled shRNA (Mission® lentiviral transduction control particles). The RT-PCR reactions were carried out in triplicate, and the fold change was calculated using the 2-??CT method [ 22 ]. Cyclophyllin was used as a loading control. 
Clinical, pathologic   p-AMPK expression   or molecular feature Total N Negative Positive P- value. 
Abbreviations: BMI=body mass index; CIMP=CpG island methylator phenotype; FASN=fatty acid synthase; MSI=microsatellite instability; MSS=microsatellite stable; p-AMPK=phosphorylated AMP-activated protein kinase; p-MAPK3/1=phosphorylated mitogen-activated protein kinase. 
% Number indicated the proportion of cases with a given clinical, pathologic or molecular feature among all cases, p-AMPK-negative cases or p-AMPK-positive cases. 
    Colorectal cancer-specific mortality Overall mortality AMPK status Total N Deaths/ person-years Univariate HR (95% CI) Multivariate stage-matched HR (95% CI) Deaths/ person-years Univariate HR (95% CI) Multivariate stage-matched HR (95% CI). 
Abbreviations: BMI=body mass index; CI=confidence interval; HR=hazard ratio; CIMP=CpG island methylator phenotype; FASN=fatty acid synthase; MSI=microsatellite instability; p-AMPK=phosphorylated AMP-activated protein kinase. 
The multivariate, stage-matched (stratified) Cox model initially included sex, age at diagnosis, year of diagnosis, BMI, family history of colorectal cancer, tumour location, tumour grade, tumour border, CIMP, MSI, LINE-1 methylation, BRAF , KRAS , PIK3CA , TP53 and FASN. A backward stepwise elimination with a threshold of P =0.20 was used to select variables in the final model. Stage adjustment (I, IIA, IIB, IIIA, IIIB, IIIC, IV, unknown) was done using the ‘strata' option in the SAS ‘proc phreg' command. 
  Colorectal cancer-specific mortality Overall mortality   No. of deaths/cases Univariate HR (95% CI) Multivariate stage-matched HR (95% CI) No. of deaths/cases Univariate HR (95% CI) Multivariate stage-matched HR (95% CI). 
Abbreviations: BMI=body mass index; CI=confidence interval; HR=hazard ratio; p-AMPK=phosphorylated AMP-activated protein kinase; p-MAPK3/1=phosphorylated mitogen-activated protein kinase. The multivariate, stage-matched (stratified) Cox model included p-AMPK variable stratified by p-MAPK3/1 status (or p-MAPK3/1 variable stratified by p-AMPK status), sex, age, year of diagnosis, BMI, tumour location, tumour grade, tumour border, CIMP, MSI, LINE-1 methylation, BRAF , KRAS , PIK3CA , TP53 and FASN. A backward stepwise elimination with a threshold of P =0.20 was used to select variables in the final model. Stage adjustment (I, IIA, IIB, IIIA, IIIB, IIIC, IV, unknown) was done using the ‘strata' option in the SAS ‘proc phreg' command. 
PcGs p16 M a ?Ct in qRT-PCR ( Mean ±SD)   P- value, vs. GCN    GC ( n ?=?20) b / c GCN ( n ?=?20) Normal ( n ?=?18) GC d Normal. 
GC: human primary gastric carcinoma sample; GCN: the corresponding cutting- edge tissues of GC; N ormal: human normal gastric mucosa biopsies from non-cancer patients;. 
methylation of p16 CpG island ( p16 M) in gastric mucosa tissues from patients with or without cancer;. 
GC samples from 11 patients are p16 M-positive;. 
GC samples from 9 patients are p16 M-negative;. 
paired t -test;. 
p16 M-positive GCs vs. p16 M-negative GCs, P ?=?0.067;. 
p16 M was detectable in GCs, but not in the corresponding GCN by DHPLC;. 
p16 mRNA was detectable in 12 of 18 Normal gastric biopsies; all of 18 Normal samples are p16 M-negative. 
Gene name Entrez Gene Assay Oligo name Primer Sequence (5??3?) PCR Products Tm (°C) References. 
Characteristic  N (%). 
*All lung cancer patients underwent surgery with curative intent. 
**Age is reported as mean (range). 
Gene symbol Accession no. Fold change (Enz 24/48?h vs DMSO) Reference. 
Biological Processes (BP). 
Most significant up-regulations in MLP29 cells upon ?5?1 integrin functional blockade. 
Genes Main category GO-description. 
Most significantly up-regulated genes (p < 0.0005) in MLP29 cells upon ?5?1 integrin functional blockade. 
Band Score Swiss Prot accession number entry name name Coverage MW. 
Immunoaffinity-purified proteins from untreated TPC-1 cells. The band numbers correspond to that of the gel in figure 6. 
Prey: Bait: 1 2 4 5 6 8 10 11 3 9 7. 
The numbers are the number of identified clones. Bold and underlined numbers emphasizes those preys that also fished the corresponding prey when they were used as bait (reciprocal fishing). The baits and prey are listed regarding to membership in the four septin groups: 1,2,4,5 (group 2); 6,8,10,11 (group 6), 3,9 (group 3) and 7 (“group 7”). 
Septin bait Group Septin preys (In order of frequency) Predominant septin prey group Non-septin preys in order of frequency (shared preys) Functions of non-septins Overlapping functions. 
Overlapping functions: T?=? Transport, endocytosis and cytoskeleton, M?=? Motoractivity, P?=? Phosphorylation, G?=? GAP Ras, C?=? Cell division, Cell cycle, U?=? Ubiquitin / Sumo cycles (Pias, Ube2I). 
Design Key eligibility criteria Treatment schema Endpoints Outcomes. 
Selected clinical trials of trastuzumab in breast cancer. 
Observation (control); n = 1693. 
1 yr H 8 mg/kg, then 6 mg/kg q 3 wk; n = 1694. 
2 yr H, same dose/schedule; n = 1694. 
A at 60 mg/m2 + C at 600 mg/m2 q 3 wk × 4 cycles followed by T at 175 mg/m2 q 3 wk × 4 cycles. 
AC followed by T+H at 4 mg/kg beginning with first dose of T, then 2 mg/kg weekly × 51 wk. 
AC at same doses/schedules followed by T at 80 mg/m2 q wk × 12 wk. 
As in “A” above followed by same dose and schedule of H. 
As in “ A” above with H given concurrently beginning with first dose of T. 
A at 60 mg/m2 + C at 600 mg/m2 q 3 wk × 4 cycles followed by D at 100 mg/m2 q 3 wk × 4 cycles. 
AC followed by D as noted above + H at 4 mg/kg beginning with first dose of D, then 2 mg/kg weekly × 51 wk. 
D 75 mg/m2 + carboplatin (C) AUC 6 q 3 wk × 6 cycles + H at dose/schedule noted above. 
3 cycles of A at 60 mg/m2 + T at 150 mg/m2 q 3 wk, followed by 4 cycles of T at 175 mg/m2 q 3 wk, followed by 3 cycles of (C at 600 mg/m2, methotrexate at 40 mg/m2, and fluorouracil at 600 mg/m2) on days 1 and 8 repeated q 4 wk. 
Same regimen as noted above + H given concurrently with the beginning of A at 8 mg/kg load, then 6 mg/kg q 3 wk for 1 yr. 
4 cycles of T at 225 mg/m2 q 3 wk, followed by 4 cycles of F at 500 mg/m2 days 1 and 4, E at 75 mg/m2 day 1 only, and C at 500 mg/m2 day 1 only, repeated q 3 wk. 
Same regimen as noted above + H given concurrently with the beginning of T at 4 mg/kg load, then 2 mg/kg q wk for 23 wk. 
H 4 mg/kg load, then 2 mg/kg q wk then D at 100 mg/m2 q 3 wk for 6 cycles. 
Abbreviations: BCS, breast-conserving surgery; CHF, coronary heart failure; cPR, complete pathologic response; EFS, event-free survival; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; IHC, histochemistry; LVEF, left ventricular ejection fraction; NSABP, National Surgical Adjuvant Breast and Bowel Project; ORR, overall response rate; DOR, duration of response; TTF, time to treatment failure; ORR, overall response rate; OS, overall survival; RFS, recurrence-free survival; TDP, time to disease progression; TDR, time to distant recurrence. 
SEM Jurkat    Time Phase DMSO 0.73 ?M 7.30 ?M DMSO 0.73 ?M 7.30 ?M. 
Results of cell cycle analyses in SEM and Jurkat cells. 
Author and reference Trial design Number of patients Patient population Dose schedule ORR PFS Toxicity grade 3/4. 
Clinical efficacy of ixabepilone in locally advanced and metastatic breast cancer. 
A, anthracyclines; CI, confidence interval; CPC, capecitabine; FN, febrile neutropenia; HFS, hand-and-foot syndrome; Ixa, ixabepilone; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; ORR, overall response rate; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; PN, peripheral neuropathy; TTP, time to tumor progression; T, taxanes. 
Trial and reference Number of patients Patient population Bevacizumab dose Combination therapy End point Benefit in anti-VEGF therapy Study primary results. 
Phase III clinical studies incorporating bevacizumab to chemotherapy in breast cancer patients. 
Bev, bevacizumab; Cap, capecitabine; D, docetaxel; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; HR, hazard ratio; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; Nab-Pac, Nab-paclitaxel; ORR, overall response rate; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; P, paclitaxel; Tz, trastu-zumab; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
aCurrently enrolling patients. 
Transfection Fraction K m (?M) V max (pmol/min per mg) IC50 Rolipram (?M). 
Significant differences relative to pellet-associated PDE4D5-WT (*, ** and ***) or PDE4D5-L33D (#, ## and ###) are indicated ( P < 0.05, P < 0.01 and P < 0.001 respectively). 
pLPC pLPC-Pak4 Relative size of the acini (number of acini examined) % of empty lumen Relative size of the acini (number of acini examined) % of empty lumen. 
Relative sizes (circumferential area) of the different acini (relative to the size of wild-type acini at 10-12 days) are shown. Also shown is the amount of empty lumen in the different acini, shown as a percentage of the total acini. The area of each acini or area of empty lumen was measured using Zeiss LSM software and plotted with the free shape curved drawing mode. These data represents three independent experiments. The mean values with standard error are presented for the empty lumen measurements. 
Antibody or stain Purpose Normal Localization company Species. 
Antibodies and fluorescent reagents used for the analysis of acini formed by iMMEC cells. 
Gene Name Interacting proteins (IntAct; STRING; BioGRID; HPRD). 
NS-ID Gene Interactions Interactions were determined using 4 databases: BioGRID ( www.thebiogrid.org ), HPRD ( www.hprd.org ), String ( www.string-db.org ) and IntAct ( http://www.ebi.ac.uk/intact ). Interactions from all 4 databases are recorded for each gene. For each interaction identified on these websites there is a link to the appropriate publication for that interaction. In BioGRID, the publication can be found by clicking on the “publication” link. For HPRD the publication can be found by clicking on the “experiment type” next to each interaction. For String, clicking on the “experiments” link and then on the “details” for the interaction brings up the published abstract. For IntAct, the EBI identification number has been provided for each protein, and this can be queried on the IntAct database to find the publication information. Interactants not found in these databases have been cited independently. *Interactions have been identified in animal studies. 
Overview of HDAC and its role in cancer. 
QTL Tir1 Tir2 -F6 Tir2 -F12b Tir3a -F6 Tir3a -F12 Tir3b -F6 Tir3b -F12 Tir3c -F6 Tir3c -F12. 
Positions were interpolated using NCBI37 from peak marker positions and 95% confidence intervals. The physical position of the D1Nds2 marker is not known, so its position was estimated from the intervals between its flanking markers. Lists of the genes with different haplotypes are shown in the Supplementary Data S2 : GenesAndHaplotypes.xls . a Number of SNP common to the three susceptible strains of mice: A/J; BALBc/J and C3H/HeJ. bAt Tir2-F12 we have estimated the physical 95% confidence interval around the D5MIT58 peak marker and this 1.46 Mb region contained 27 genes, however the exact position of the peak is hard to identify since both D5MIT58 and DMIT258 are at 41 cM in the MGI map although they are 7 Mb apart on the physical map. 
Numbers of candidate genes were calculated under two hypotheses: Hypothesis 1: all four susceptible strains have the same haplotype as each other and different from C57BL/6. Hypothesis 2: All susceptible strains have a different haplotype from C57BL/6 but not necessarily the same as each other. Hypothesis 1 is a special case of hypothesis 2 and all genes included under hypothesis 1 are also included under hypothesis 2. Only A/J and BALB/c are known to carry susceptibility alleles at Tir2 and so at this locus only the correlation of C57BL/6, A/J and BALB/c was considered. e nsSNP loci submitted to dbSNP. 
Chr F-value LOD score 95% CI (cM) QTL position (cM) QTL effect days Peak marker. 
94 mice were genotyped with markers across known QTL regions but not elsewhere in the genome. QTL effects are the mean number of days difference in survival between mice that are homozygous for the alternate alleles at a QTL. Positive QTL effects indicate that longer survival was associated with C57BL/6 alleles. The QTL effects are likely to be biased upwards as a consequence of selective genotyping of the extremes of the phenotypic distribution [16] . Phenotype distribution is shown in Figure S1 in Supporting Text S1 . 
Position C57BL/6 A/J BALB/c C3H/HeJ Phast Cons Gene Polyphen Consequence Peptide shift. 
Genes within Tir1 (Mmu17:33271855–34203529 bp) with damaging nsSNP that correlate with survival phenotype. A full list of annotated SNP is available in Supplementary Data S1 : AnnotatedFunctionalSNP.xls . 
Protein Description Interaction effect References. 
Jab1/CSN5-interacting proteins that regulate p27. 
Abbreviations: PGP9.5, Protein gene product 9.5; AP-1, activator-protein 1; VDUP1, Vitamin D3 up-regulated protein 1. 
Protein Description Effect of Jab1/CSN5 interaction Overall signaling effect References. 
Proteins that interact with Jab1/CSN5. 
Abbreviations: 5-HT(6)R, serotonin 6 receptor; AP-1, activator protein ; Bcl-3, B-cell lymphoma 3-encoded protein; ER?, estrogen receptor ?; Fc?RI, FCalphaRI; HAND2, heart- and neural crest derivatives-expressed protein 2; HIF-1?, hypoxia inducible factor ?; LHR, lutropin/choriogonadotropin receptor; MIF, macrophage migration inhibitory factor; MDM2, murine double minute; NEDD8, neural precursor cell-expressed developmentally down-regulated; NF-kB, nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells; 53BP-1, p53 binding protein 1; PAR-2, abnormal embryonic PARtitioning of cytoplasm 2; PR, Progesterone receptor; SCF, Skp1-Cullin-F-box; SRC-1, steroid receptor coactivator 1; TRAF-2, TNF receptor-associated factor 2; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Tumor type Associated with poor outcome Negative Correlation with p27 References. 
Cancers in which Jab1/CSN5 is overexpressed and its association with p27 and clinical outcome. 
Abbreviation: ND, not determined. 
Oligonucleotide 1 Localization 2 Sequence 3 Screening. 
Primers used in the study. 
1 name of the primer with TET labeling indication,. 
2 localization in the chTERT cDNA sequence AY626231 (NCBI n°). 
3 written in the 5'->3' orientation. 
Control AMG102 IR AMG102 ± IR. 
The influence of AMG102 on U-87 MG tumour growth. 
U-87 MG subcutaneous xenograft tumours grown to ?100 mm3 before randomization to four groups: untreated controls, AMG102, IR, AMG102 + IR. AMG102 (15 ?g) was injected i.p. and tumours irradiated (3 Gy) 16 hrs later with animals shielded in custom lead jigs. Tumour volumes were interpolated from fit spline curves for all groups the day control tumours had undergone exactly three doublings (20.3 days after randomization). 
Analysis Method Total Extracellular Membrane Cytosolic Nuclear Unknown. 
Cellular distribution of Notch modifiers selected by the complimentary analysis methods. 
The majority of the proteins are of unknown cellular localization and/or function. Of the annotated proteins, most are predicted to reside in the nucleus, followed by cytosolic proteins with a small percentage found in the plasma membrane and extracellular matrix. 
Description Log2-fold change. 
Parameters associated with the literature are indicated with an asterisk. 
Proteins PPIs Co-expressed PPIs. 
Structural information of DCM and non-DCM networks. 
DCM CePIN . 
Comparison of key topological properties. 
The average of each topological property for SDEGs and non-SDEGs in either DCM or non-DCM CePIN is given in the table together with the corresponding P -value. The P -values were calculated using non-parametric Wilcoxon rank-sum tests. 
GO term Description P -value. 
Top 10 significant level-6 GO annotations of hubs. 
Module Node E p Edge D p Accuracy AUC. 
Summary of the two identified DCM-related modules. 
The list includes numbers of nodes and edges, hypergeometric test results (E p : P -value for functional enrichment; D p : P -value for functional dyad enrichment) and classification performance (accuracy and AUC). 
Cellular function Candidate genes GenBank accession numbers Matching alignment UniProt or EST accession number Putative protein function. 
WD047 shares 27.8% amino acid sequence identity to EST EG551345 and 24.4% amino acid sequence identity to EST AJ927897. 
WD029 shares 29.9% amino acid sequence identity to EST EG551286 and 31.3% amino acid sequence identity to EST AJ927925. 
WD095 shares 28% amino acid sequence identity to EST CJ456304 and 29.7% amino acid sequence identity to EST AJ927925. At this level of annotation, it is not possible to differentiate between multiple hits to different ESTs since the cDNA sequences were smaller in length than the ESTs. 
3BKO vs wtBAC U133 probeset ID 3AmutB vs WT BL31 Changes Ensembl Gene ID Gene Name p-value Fold-Change  p-value Fold-Change . 
Genes are grouped into those down-regulated in EBNA3A and 3B knockout LCLs (top part), up-regulated in both (middle), and regulated in different directions in the two mutants (Bottom). For each gene, data for all of the Affymetrix U133plus2 probesets mapped to that gene are included. ANOVA p-values and fold changes are shown for 3BKO-LCL vs wtBAC LCL and for 3AmutB LCL vs WT LCL. Affymetrix IDs are bold where p<0.001 and fold change >1.5. Data are bold where p<0.001 or fold change >2. 
Genes in italics passed significance thresholds for all EBAN3A mutants vs WT, but not quite for 3AmutB vs WT. The changes seen in the gene's expression in BL31 cells are indicated in the final column. 
Gene Amplicon Primer sequence Annealing temperature(°C). 
Primers used for screening different exons of p53 and K-ras genes. 
F: Sense primer; R: Antisense primer. 
Patient ID Age/sex a Rural/urban b Duke's stage c Smoking status d Grade e Site f Type g Nature h Exon Codon number Base change i Aminoacid change Effect j. 
Details and nature of p53 mutations in colorectal cancer patients from Kashmir valley. 
Age/Sex: M = Male, F = Female;. 
Rural/Urban: R = Rural, U = Urban;. 
Duke's stage: A - Tumor confined to the intestinal wall; B - Tumor invading through the intestinal wall; C - With lymph node(s) involvement; D - With distant metastasis;. 
Smoking status: Sk: Smokers; NSk: Non smokers;. 
Grade stage: Stage I: T1/T2, N0, M0; Stage II: T3/T4, N0, M0; Stage III: Any, N1/N2, M0; Stage IV: AnyT, AnyN, M1;. 
Site of tumor: C = Colon, R = Rectum;. 
Tumor type: AC = Adenocarcinoma, MAC = Mucoid adenocarcinoma;. 
Nature of tumor: S: Sporadic; FAP: Familial adenomatous polyposis; HNPCC: Hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer;. 
Base change: Mutated or inserted nucleotide underlined;. 
Effect: MS = Missense; FS = frameshift; MSS = Missense silent; TP = Truncated protein. 
N % IARC(%). 
Mutation profile of p53 gene of colorectal cancer patients from Kashmir valley. 
IARC = International Agency for Research on Cancer. 
Variable Total n = 42 (%) Mutants M( n = 19)(%) P value OR (95% CI). 
Clinico-epidemiological variables of colorectal carcinoma patients versus the mutant phenotypes of the p53 gene. 
S = Sporadic; FAP = Familial adenomatous polyposis; HNPCC = Hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer; NAC = Adenocarcinoma; MAC = Mucinous adenocarcinoma. 
Patient ID Age/Sex a Rural/Urban b Duke's stage c Smoking status d Node status e Site f Type g Nature h Codon number Base change i Aminoacid change. 
Nature of K-ras Exon1 mutations in colorectal cancer patients from Kashmir valley. 
Age/Sex: M = Male, F = Female;. 
Rural/Urban: R = Rural, U = Urban;. 
Duke's stage: A -Tumor confined to the intestinal wall; B - Tumor invading through the intestinal wall; C - With lymph node(s) involvement; D - With distant metastasis;. 
Smoking Status: Sk: Smokers; NSk: Nonsmokers;. 
Node Status: N = Negative, P= Positive;. 
Site of tumor: C = Colon, R = Rectum;. 
TumorType: AC = NonmucinousAdenocarcinoma, MAC = MucinousAdenocarcinoma;. 
Nature of tumor: S: Sporadic; HNPCC: Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Cancer;. 
Base change: Mutated or inserted nucleotide underlined. 
ERK1/2 activity (%). 
Fibroblasts were pre-incubated with anti-?v?3 or anti-galectin-3 blocking antibodies (5 µg/ml) for 30 min before stimulation or not with kE (50 µg/ml; 30 min). ERK1/2 activity was assessed by Western-blots. 
Growth factor family Growth factor Receptor/signaling modulator Effects on proliferation/survival/morphogenesis. 
Various growth factors and their effects on proliferation and survival of multipotential stromal cells. 
ALK, activin receptor-like kinase; BMP, bone morphogenetic protein; EGF, epidermal growth factor; Erk, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; FGF, fibroblast growth factor; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; PI3K, phosphoinositide-3 kinase; TGF?, transforming growth factor beta; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Serum-free media Company Properties Drawbacks. 
Commercially available serum-free media for expansion of multipotential stromal cells. 
DMEM, Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium; FBS, fetal bovine serum; MSC, multipotential stromal cell. 
cdt-2(RNAi) no RNAi   genotypes Muv % VPCs (N) Muv % VPCs (N). 
cdt-2 interacts with gap-1 to produce the Muv (Multiple vulvae) phenotype. 
aTemperature sensitive allele maintained at 15°C. 
Animals are Muv if more than 3 VPCs (Vulval Precursor Cells) adopt the vulval fate. 
One-cell stage Two-cell stage   genotypes % Persistent exp . N % Persistent exp . N. 
Deletion of cul-4 causes persistent expression of egl-17::cfp. 
(RNAi) cdt-2 no RNAi   genotypes Muv % Vul % VPCs (N) Muv % Vul % VPCs (N). 
Epistasis between cdt-2 and components of the EGF signalling cascade. 
***P < 0.001, **P < 0.01. 
(RNAi) cdt-2 no RNAi   genotypes Muv % VPCs, (N) Muv % VPCs, (N). 
Epistasis between cdt-2 and negative modulators of EGF signalling. 
Strains RNAi 50th percentile a Mean lifespan days (+/-SD) Max lifespan Code b Statistics c (Log-Rank) N (Censored) d. 
Life span modulation by klotho requires the EGL-17/EGL-15 (FGFR) signalling pathway. 
The tabulated data show the average results of four to eight independent RNAi trials at 20°C. Worms of indicated genotypes were assayed for life span by feeding on E. coli HT115 strain bacteria producing either control or klotho RNAi (see Material and Methods). XLSTAT-life statistical software (Addinsoft, New York, NY, USA) was used to plot survival data by the Kaplan Meier method and differences between survival curves calculated using the Log-Rank test with 95% confidence. 
Represents the 50th percentile (the age when the survival fraction of animals reaches 0. 50). 
Experiment identification code. 
Probability of being identical to other life span experiment given in parentheses. 
Total death scored (number of censored values). 
Strains RNAi 50th percentilea Mean lifespan days (+/-SD) Max lifespan Codeb Statisticsc (Log-Rank) N (Censored)d. 
Klotho interacts with the daf-2/daf-16 genetic pathway for lifespan modulation. See Table 1 for legend. 
Stress Type Trigger p53 Stabilization Effects on Nucleolus Effects on CBs References. 
Summary of the Effects of Different Stress Types on Nucleolar and CB Organization. 
IR, gamma irradiation; DSB, double-strand breaks; HCV, hepatitis C virus; HIV, human immunodeficiency virus; HSV-1, herpes simplex virus type 1; RP, ribosomal proteins; N/A, not available. 
crystal nucleotide c(protein) (mg/ml) reservoir solution cryo solution reservoir volume drop size seeding technique crystal age. 
Crystallization parameters for crystals C1 - C7. 
a The composition of XC-17/20 cryo solution is 100 mM HEPES pH 7.2, 64 mM TRIS pH 7.6, 20 mM MgCl2, 200 mM Mg-acetate, 0,1 mM NaN3, 17% PEG 8000 (freshly prepared), 20% glycerol. 
b The composition of XC-16/10 cryo solution is 100 mM HEPES pH 7.2, 64 mM TRIS pH 7.6, 20 mM MgCl2, 200 mM Mg-acetate, 0,1 mM NaN3, 16% PEG 8000 (freshly prepared), 10% glycerol. 
Crystal name and nucleotide content. 
Data statistics for crystals C1 - C7. 
a Values in parentheses are for the high-resolution bin. 
b R s y m = 100 × ? h ? i | I i ( h ) ? ? I i ( h ) ? | / ? h ? i I i ( h ) , where I i (h) is the i th measurement and Ii(h) is the mean of all measurements of I(h) for Miller indices hkl. 
c R = ? ( | | F o b s | ? k | F c a l c | | ) / ? | F o b s | , where F obs and F calc are observed and calculated structure factor amplitudes, respectively. 
d R free value is the R value obtained for a test set of reflections, consisting of a randomly selected 5% subset of the diffraction data not used during refinement [ 36 ]. 
e Calculated using the program PROCHECK [ 37 ]. 
Number Population studied Description. 
Active Clinical Trials with the 3 most developed PARP1 inhibitors. 
AGI Annotation P -score References. 
Potential CPK3 targets identified via 2D gel phosphoproteomics. Documented membrane association is indicated in bold. The P -score is described in the Experimental procedures. 
Phosphorylated peptides listed in the Phosphat 3.0 database ( http://phosphat.mpimp-golm.mpg.de/db.html ). 
RAS Ink4a/Arf Pten +/+ Pten +/-. 
Incidence of melanoma and median survival of RAS-Ink4a/Arf animals on Pten wild type and heterozygous background. 
NPM1 binding proteins. 
Gene Control 5 ng/ml TGF-?1 5 ng/ml TGF-?1 20 nM SB431542 Ad5-caAlk5. 
N?=?4, n?=?5. 
Gene GeneBank accession[NM_] Forward Primer 5?-3? Reverse Primer 5?-3? Tm [°C] Product length [bp]. 
Time (min) Plasma corticosterone (?g per 100?ml)   WT GR NesCre. 
Abbreviations: GR, glucocorticoid receptors; WT, wild type. 
Blood was collected before the stress ( t 0), 30, and 120?min after stress onset. Values shown are mean±s.e.m. 
* P <0.05, ** P <0.001, compared with respective pre-stress levels ( t 0). 
Authors Phase Location No. of patients Cancer stages ORR DCR MST(mo) vs controls. 
Trials of nimotuzumab in solid tumors (excluding NSCLC). 
Notes: ORR = complete responses + partial responses. DCR = ORR + stable disease. vs controls are comparisons of nimotuzumab to non-nimotuzumab controls. 
Abbreviations: NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; ORR, objective response rate; DCR, disease control rate; MST, median survival time; HNSCC, head and neck squamous cell carcinomas; CRC, colorectal cancer. 
Authors Phase Location No. of patients Cancer Dosage ORR DCR MTP OST. 
Nimotuzumab trials in NSCLC. 
Notes: ORR and DCR within radiation field;. 
95% CI, 0.9–9.9 months;. 
95% CI, 6.5–13.1 months;. 
95% CI, 26–302 days;. 
95% CI, 199–397 days;. 
Based on preliminary results. 
Abbreviations: NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; ORR, objective response rate; DCR, disease control rate; MST, median survival time; OST, overall survival time; CI, confidence interval. 
Plexin-B1 expression        N = 120 Cases Positive Negative Positive Percentage (%) P. 
Expression of Plexin-B1 in ovarian tissues of different pathological changes and its correlation with clinical characteristics. 
<0.001* and n.s.** indicated differences of Plexin-B1 expression in normal ovaries and serous ovarian cystadenomas compared with that in serous borderline ovarian tumours and serous ovarian cystadenocarcinomas respectively. 
n.s.* indicated difference of Plexin-B1 expression in serous borderline ovarian tumours compared with that in serous ovarian cystadenocarcinomas. 
n.s. indicated differences without statistical significance. 
Percentage of CHD5 immunopositive neuroblastic cells     n <25% 25-75% >75%. 
CHD5 inmunostaining in Neuroblastic tumors. 
Percentage of CHD5 positive (nuclear staining) tumor cells within each neuroblastic tumor group evaluated using predetermined cutoff values (<25%; 25-75%; >75%). Detailed data regarding percentage of positive tumor cells and staining intensity are reported in Additional file 1 . For GNB tumors, the undifferentiated neuroblastic (*) and the ganglionar (**) cell populations were scored separately. GNB = ganglioneuroblastoma, GN = Ganglioneuroma. 
Overall Survival      . 
Cox regression analysis. 
Cox regression analysis of the NB cohort using CHD5 protein expression and clinical and biologically relevant variables (INSS stage, patient age at diagnosis, MYCN amplification status and chromosome 1p LOH). Expression of CHD5 was statistically significantly associated with overall survival and event-free survival in both the univariate and multivariate analyses. All NB patients (n = 63) where included in the study except for the studies with MYCN amplification (n = 58) and 1p LOH (n = 53), due to the undetermined status in some patients. IHC = Immunohistochemical analysis; INSS = International Neuroblastoma Staging System; HR = hazard ratio; CI = confidence interval. P-values are two sided. ( & ) Interaction P-values obtained from Cox regression model: IHC + Co-factor+IHC*Co-factor. (*) data available for 58 patients; (**) data available for 53 patients. 
Overall Survival Event Free Survival      Alive Dead PPV NPV No event Event PPV NPV. 
Analysis of the Predictive Value was performed for a descriptive comparison between CHD5 expression and MYCN and 1p LOH. 
Overall Survival   Event Free Survival     Sens Specif Accurancy Sens Specif Accurancy. 
Comparison of sensitivity, specificity and accuracy rate between CHD5 expression, MYCN status and 1p LOH. 
Differences Correlation    ?2 value P value R value P value. 
Detection of Mycoplasma DNA from Gastric Carcinoma Tissues by Nest- PCR and its correlation with clinicopathologic characteristics. 
N %. 
Demographic and clinicopathological features of cases. 
1 At time of hospital admission. 
5-Year Multivariable Cox Regression 3 10-Year Multivariable Cox Regression 3  H.R . 95% CI p -value N H.R . 95% CI p -value N. 
Effects of high COX-2 expression on breast cancer survival1. 
1 High COX-2 expression (moderate to strong IHC) versus low COX-2 expression (absent to weak IHC). 
2 HER2-positive: moderate to high IHC. 3 Adjusted for age at diagnosis, race, TNM stage, tumor grade, chemotherapy and tumor ER and p53 mutation status. 3 No further deaths after 5 years. * p < 0.05. 
All tumors ER-negative ER-positive Her2 low Her2 high ER-negative/HER2 high Spearman rank correlation ? p-value ? p ? p ? p ? p ? p. 
Association of COX-2 expression with tumor characteristics by tumor receptor status1. 
1 Spearman's correlation coefficient. Calculated with IHC scores 1-4 (negative, weak, moderate, strong) and continuous data (CD31). 
OR * 95% CI p -value N. 
Multivariable logistic regression modeling for association of high COX-2 with increased phosphorylation of Akt, caspase-9, or BAD. 
* OR (Odds ratio) adjusted for age at diagnosis, race, TNM stage and receipt of neoadjuvant chemotherapy. 
Gene Orientation Sequence 5??3?. 
List of oligonucleotide primers used in PCR, RT-PCR, real-time qRT-PCR analysis, and chromatin immunoprecipitation assays. 
Gene mutation Wilcoxon Test Logistic Regression  P-value Significance P-value Significance. 
S?=?Significant. 
NS?=?No Significant. 
Gene mutation Wilcoxon Test Logistic Regression  P-value Significance P-value Significance. 
S?=?Significant. 
NS?=?No Significant. 
Cell Lines 50% CI 75% CI. 
Cell Lines 8?1 4?1 2?1 1?8  50%CI 75%CI 50%CI 75%CI 50%CI 75%CI 50%CI 75%CI. 
Cell line Genetics IC50 (?M Sorafenib). 
IC50 of sorafenib in soft tissue sarcoma cell lines. 
Cell line IGF-1R VEGF-R2 FLT-3 PDGF-R? c-KIT. 
Expression of RTKs in soft tissue sarcoma cell lines. 
+: receptor tyrosine kinase is expressed. 
?: receptor tyrosine kinase is not expressed. 
nd: not determined. 
database version no. of ligands no. of targets no. of data points. 
Gene Forward primer (5?-3?) Reverse primer (5?-3?) Annealing temperature (°C) Cycles Length of product (bp). 
  Refraction (D) Vitreous length (mm)     MD group Recovery group   MD group Recovery group. 
NC group: Normal Control group; MD group: Monocular deprivation group; ap<0.01 form-deprived eyes versus fellow eyes at the end of the form deprivation (10 weeks old); bp<0.05 the paired t -test before and after form deprivation in the experiment eyes; cp<0.01 the paired t -test before and after the removing of the facemask in the recovery eyes; dp=0.48 the paired t -test before and after the removing of the facemask in the recovery eyes. 
Spot no. a Protein level Fold Accession number b Protein description Protein score c. 
aSpot no. is the unique sample spot protein number assigned by the PDQuest software. bAccession number is the MASCOT result of MALDI-TOF searched from the NCBInr database. cProtein score was from MALDI-TOF identification. The proteins that had a statistically significant protein score of great than 76 (p<0.05) were considered successfully identified. dN/MD, the protein spots were newly induced in posterior sclera of the MD eyes. eD/NCm, the protein spots were only detected in posterior sclera of the normal control eyes. 
Spot no. a Protein level Fold Accession number b Protein description Protein score c. 
aSpot no. is the unique sample spot protein number assigned by the PDQuest software. bAccession number is the MASCOT result of MALDI-TOF searched from the NCBInr database. cProtein score was from MALDI-TOF identification. The proteins that had a statistically significant protein score of great than 76 (p<0.05) were considered successfully identified. dN/R, the protein spots were newly induced in posterior sclera of the recovery eyes. eD/NCr, the protein spots were only detected in posterior sclera of the normal control eyes. 
Spot no. a Protein level Fold Accession number b Protein description Protein Score c. 
aSpot no. is the unique sample spot protein number assigned by the PDQuest software. bAccession number is the MASCOT result of MALDI-TOF searched from the NCBInr database. cProtein score was from MALDI-TOF identification. The proteins that had a statistically significant protein score of great than 76 (p<0.05) were considered successfully identified. 
Groups ?A ?B ?A3/A1 ?A4 ?B2. 
“?”: upregulation, “?”: down-regulation, “-”: difference less than threefold, “*”: significant difference. 
Renal Structure Role of Taurine. 
The role of taurine in various renal structures. 
K i (µM) Compound R1 R2 R3 c-Abl c-Src. 
K i values toward isolated Abl and Src were calculated according to the following equation: where E 0 and S 0 are the enzyme and the ATP concentrations (0.005 and 0.012 µM. respectively). 
Si135 Si162  downregulated upregulated downregulated upregulated. 
After treatment with Si135 and Si162 at IC50 concentrations for 96 h, whole genome expression analyses were carried out. Microarray data was analyzed with ArrayTrack software. Significantly differentially regulated genes were determined by two-class unpaired SAM with an FDR<0.01; MCI>100; Bad Flags: 2; FC>2. 
Gene set Description ES NES FDR. 
Gene set enrichment analysis predicts pathways involved in inflammation, cancer, and hypoxia are important for hemangiosarcomaa. 
aThe filtered gene list from hemangiosarcoma vs. non-malignant hematomas were compared using the GSEA software. ES (Enrichment Score) is a value that represents how well the gene set is enriched within the selected gene list. NES (normalized enrichment score) corrects the ES for differences in gene set size and can be used to compare across gene sets. A high ES or NES indicates that gene set is highly enriched within our gene list. The lists shown are those gene sets with an NES of 2.10 or higher. 
Function Annotation B-H p-value Molecules # Molecules. 
Function annotation from IPA for 23 recurrently enriched genes identified by GSEAa. 
aAnnotated genes recurrently enriched in GSEA (> 2 pathways) were analyzed using IPA. Four hundred pathways were identified with a B-H p value < 1 × 10-5. Virtually all of them were categorized as malignancy, proliferation and survival, vascular processes, and inflammation. The table shows 12 representative pathways with a B-H p value <1 × 10-8, organized according to number of genes included. 
Treatment Dose % Rescue p-value. 
Drugs Class/Mechanism of Action Mia.pp32 IC50 Concentration Mia.EV IC50 Concentration. 
Clinicopathologic features pp32 nuclear expression P value (fisher's exact test)  High (n?=?19) Low (n?=?18)  . 
indicates the p value between Grades 1 and 3. 
pp32 nuclear. 
p value?=?0.09, Fisher's exact test. 
NMR restraints and structural statistics. 
Gene symbol fold enrichment (smoothed) Gene symbol fold enrichment (smoothed) Gene symbol fold enrichment (smoothed). 
88 genes initially identified in proliferation-associated clusters were recovered as YBX1 targets by ChIP-on-Chip assay. Twenty-six of them (depicted in bold face) were also recognized as YBX1 targets in basal-like breast cancer cells [37] . In contrast, only few of the genes in the proliferation-associated clusters were identified by ChIP-on-Chip assay in HepG2 hepatoma cells (PGRMC1, SLC39A8, RFC3) and in the acute lymphoblastic leukemia line Nalm-6 (RAMP, KIAA0101, PCNA, CENPF) [81] , suggesting a specific role of YBX1 in breast and colorectal cells. 
* Genes which show a significant positive correlation to YBX1 expression in colorectal cancers. 
Gene symbol HG-U133A-ID Taqman Assay-ID. 
15 genes initially identified in proliferation-associated clusters were selected for validation using Taqman Q-PCR. The table summarizes the gene symbols and the corresponding Affymetrix-IDs and Taqman-Assay-IDs. 
Days wtCrk GFPi wtCrk Abli wtCrk SOSi wtCrk Triplei wtCrk DOCKi wtCrk C3Gi. 
Tumor volumes in nude mice injected with different knockdown cell lines. Average tumor volume (mm3) formed in nude mice at different times after injection (n = 10). Days = days after injection of different knockdown cell lines into nude mice. 
P-LPA in nmols/gr A-LPA in pmols/gr. 
Levels of 4 LPA species in 8 areas of the rat brain determined by HPLC/MS/MS. Amounts are listed in acceding order by brain area. 
Transcript Symbol Score Hexamer Seed Heptamer Seed Status Enriched Seed. 
Seeds and Confirmation status of the top 20 siRNAs. 
Table shows the top 20 siRNAs from the screen, their status: Hit, False pos (did not repeat), Unconfirmed (that is this siRNA reproducibly affected caspase-3/7 activation levels, but we could not confirm the involvement of the gene targeted), or OTE (off-target effect), the hexamer and heptamer seed sequences (sequences that appear more than once are shown in bold), and whether the seed is one which either appears more than once, or is in the set of enriched seed sequences (see Table 2). * The seed sequence TGTCCA appears once in the OTE siRNA ISYNA1 and once in the false positive siRNA targeting KCNV1. 
Seed Size Normalized Enrichment Score FWER p-val. 
Seed sequences enriched in high scoring siRNAs. 
Table shows seed sequences designated enriched in high scoring siRNAs by GSEA. The number the seeds in the set, the enrichment score and the multiple testing corrected P value are shown. 
Seed miRNA. 
Enriched seeds that are present in human miRNAs. 
Gene Function Fold Induction. 
A selection of upregulated genes in wildtype-infected cells compared to uninfected cells. 
Gene Function Fold Induction. 
A selection of upregulated genes in wildtype-infected cells with staurosporine compared to uninfected cells with staurosporine. 
Probe Sequence. 
Probes and sequences used for the in situ hybridization experiments. 
Affymetrix ID UniGene ID Gene Name Gene Symbol Fold Change. 
List of 20 most induced genes in granulation tissue. 
Affymetrix ID UniGene ID Gene.Name Gene Symbol Fold Change. 
List of 20 most down-regulated genes in granulation tissue. 
UP LO. 
DAVID analysis summary. 
This table shows a summary of the DAVID analysis. The functional terms most representing the annotation cluster is shown in columns 2 and 4 with the respective enrichment scores in columns 1 and 3. The higher the enrichment score, the more interesting the enriched function. 
Gene qvalue Endo Count Non-Endo Endo factor Up/Down Angioscore Fold change. 
Endothelial cell data filtering. 
The table depicts a list of genes with positive Endo factor. Genes are listed according to q-values. Fold changes derived from the transcriptomic analysis and the Angioscore are also indicated. 
Ascomycota Basidiomycota Zygomycota Chytridiomycota Microsporidia      Sc Sp Po Mc Ro Pb Bd Spu spp.    TORC1 Tor1 + + + + + + + + -  Kog1 + + + + + + + + -  Tco89 + - - - - - - - -  Lst8 + + + + + + + + -. 
The presence or absence of Tor pathway components in non-pathogenic and pathogenic fungal lineages. 
The presence or absence of Tor pathway components is indicated by + or -, respectively. Abbreviations: Sc = S. cerevisiae , Sp = S. pombe, Po = P. ostreatus, Mc = M. circinelloides, Ro = R. oryzae, Pb = P. blakesleeanus, Bd = B. dendrobatidis, Spu = S. punctatus . 
Choanoflagellatea Filasterea      Mb Sr Co    TORC1 Tor1 + + +  Kog1 + - +  Tco89 - - -  Lst8 + - +. 
The presence or absence of Tor pathway components in selected unicellular opisthokonts. 
The presence of absence of Tor pathway components is indicated by + or -, respectively. Abbreviations: Mb = M. brevicollis , Sr = S. rosetta , Co = C. owczarzaki . 
Ocular Regions Total genes Up-reg genes Down-reg genes DAVID IDs IPA IDs. 
Differentially expressed gene lists of OS epithelial regions. 
In DAVID 2008 and Ingenuity Pathway Analysis the mapped gene IDs were analysed and the unmapped gene IDs were excluded as these were either unknown genes, ESTs, sequences or duplicated genes. 
LEC Limbus Cornea. 
Candidate genes expressed in SC related GO terms. 
LEC Limbus Cornea. 
Candidate genes expressed in GO terms influencing the niche microenvironment, of stem/progenitor cells. 
Canonical metabolic pathways P-Value No of genes. 
Enriched canonical signaling and metabolic pathways in OS epithelial regions. 
Accession numbers Gene symbols Fold change      LEC Limbus Cornea. 
Stem cell signaling pathway genes in OS epithelial regions. 
The differentially expressed SC signalling molecules in the OS epithelial regions were identified with KEGGS pathways and reactome. Numbers in brackets are fold change. Negative values indicate downregulated and positive values are upregulated gene expression. No values denote absence of gene expression in the region. 
Parameters N M3 PPARG methylation P   Met Umet . 
Proximal: caecum, ascending and transverse colon; Distal: descending and sigmoid colon, rectum;. 
AD ?=? adenocarcinoma; AD-MUC?=? adenocarcinoma with a mucinous component below 50%; MUC?=? adenocarcinoma with a mucinous component above 50%. Abbreviations: Well?=?well-differentiated; Mod?=?moderately differentiated; Por?=?poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma. ?2 test;. 
*Significant at 0.05 level;. 
**Significant at 0.01 level. Patients' mean age was 71.1±12.3 years old. The classification of the tumours was based on the TNM (Tumor-Node-Metastasis) system according to the criteria of the International Union Against Cancer (UICC). 
Parameter Category Number. 
Clinical and pathological data. 
Note: missing values reflect discarded/uninterpretable values. 
Primer sequences. 
Overall Tumor Benign. 
Summary of expression profiles for the overall cohort, followed by sub-group analysis for tumor specimens and benign specimens. Values represent the true-copy number of mRNA transcripts normalized against CK-19, expressed as mean (median). 
Tumor Benign Two-sample t-test Mann–Whitney U-test. 
Summary of expression profiles for paired tumor and benign specimens (n = 25). Values represent the truecopy number of mRNA transcripts normalized against CK-19, expressed as mean (median); Two-sample t-test for comparison of means and Mann–Whitney U-test for comparison of medians. 
Symbol Forward sequence Reverse sequence. 
Designed primer sequence used in RT-PCR. 
In Table 1 , primers were designed using Primer3 software from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( frodo.wi.mit.edu/cgi-bin/primer3/primer3_www.cgi ). 
Treatment SubG1 G1 S G2. 
Effect of digitoxin on cell cycle distribution in MDA-MB-453 cells. 
Table 2 . MDA-MB-453 cells were treated with 0.2 or 2 ?g/ml of digitoxin and analyzed at 48 h by DNA flow cytometry. The values indicate the percent of cells in the indicated phases of the cell cycle. The control contained 0.01% DMSO. Standard deviations are indicated in parentheses.. 
Category ID Symbol Name M P value B. 
Differentially expressed genes after treating MDA-MB-453 cells with digitoxin at 20 ng/mL for 24 h, B>0. 
Table 3 . Exponentially dividing cultures of MDA-MB-453 cells were treated with digitoxin at 20 ng/ml and then collected for RNA extraction at 24 hours. Microarray analysis was performed as described in Materials and Methods. Fold-change (log) is the mean of the ratio of hybridization signals in digitoxin treated versus DMSO control treated cells. NA designates function not known. B>0, P <0.05, unless otherwise noted. 
Category ID Symbol Name M P value. 
Differentially expressed genes after treating MDA-MB-453 cells with digitoxin at 1.0 ?g/ml for 6 h. 
Table 4 Exponentially dividing cultures of MDA-MB-453 cells were treated with digitoxin at 1.0 ?g/ml and then collected for RNA extraction at 6 hours. Microarray analysis was performed as described in Materials and Methods. Fold-change (log) is the mean of the ratio of hybridization signals in digitoxin treated versus DMSO control treated cells. NA designates function not known. B>0, M>3, P <0.05, unless otherwise noted. 
A. 6 hours Category Gene Affymetric number Fold-change relative to DMSO fold change ( P value)  Digitoxin treament (6h, 0.1 ?g/mL) Digitoxin treatment (6h, 0.2 ?g/mL) Digitoxin treatment (6h, 1.0 ?g/mL)  RT-PCR Microarray RT-PCR Microarray RT-PCR Microarray. 
Comparison of the effects of digitoxin on selected genes by real-time PCR and microarray analysis. 
Table 5 A ) and B ). Exponentially dividing cultures of MDA-MB-453 cells were treated with digitoxin at 0.1, 0.2 or 1.0 ?g/ml, and then collected for RNA extraction at 6 and 24 hours. Microarray analysis was performed as described in Materials and Methods. Fold-change (log) is the mean of the ratio of hybridization signals in digitoxin treated versus DMSO control treated cells. Real-time RT-PCR was performed as previously described [19];. 
P values are < 0.00 I, unless indicated in parentheses. 
Digitoxin (ug/ml)   0.001  0.01  0.05  0.1 . 
Combination index (CI) values for MDA-MD-453 cells treated with digitoxin plus paclitaxel. 
Table 6 . IC50 values determined from the graphs in Figure 5 were used to obtain combination index values: CI = {IC50 (digitoxin + paclitaxel) / IC50 (digitoxin alone)} + {IC50 (paclitaxel + digitoxin) / IC50 (paclitaxel alone)}. 
Symbol Protein definition Location Protein type. 
Receptor-specific protein list from lipid raft extracts from control animals . Primary protein lists of extracted lipid raft proteins were filtered for a specific receptor profile using IPA v. 8.5. 
Symbol Protein definition Location Protein type. 
Receptor-specific protein list from lipid raft extracts from 3xTgAD animals . Primary protein lists of extracted lipid raft proteins were filtered for a specific receptor profile using IPA v. 8.5. 
Up-regulated or down-regulated genes in microarray analysis of papillary thyroid cancer. 
Genes showing different expressions in this study among known distinct genes for BRAF mutant papillary thyroid cancer. 
Functional classification of genes showing altered expression in papillary thyroid cancer. 
ID Family history Tumor location Age at onset (range within family) Number of affected individuals in family (total number of tumors) % Bilaterality of tumors* Nucleotide change (amino acid change) Mutation type Predicted protein length. 
Clinical and genetic features of patients and families with TMEM127 gene mutations. 
number of cases with bilateral tumors/total number of affected cases in the family; Y= yes, N= no; U= unknown; A= adrenal. 
Gene Set (Pathway) NOM p-val FDR q-val. 
TMEM127 mutant tumors are transcriptionally enriched for kinase signaling pathway. 
growth hormone. 
platelet-derived growth factor. 
epidermal growth factor. 
insulin-derived growth factor. 
Summary of gene set enrichment analysis (GSEA) analysis performed on ranked genes according to the ratios of transcripts from TMEM127 -mutant and TMEM127 -wild-type pheochromocytomas. Gene sets (pathways) with a nominal P-value (NOM) <0.01 and a false discovery rate (FDR) of <0.1 were considered significant. Results of multiple kinase pathways are displayed and contrasted with a nonsignificant hypoxia gene set. 
HCT116 versus. 
Fold change in expression of metabolism genes. 
Note: expression values are normalized to those in HCT116 cells. 
Differentially expressed genes between SRC1+/+ and SRC1-/- mammary tumors (237 genes). 
Genes Primers Sequences. 
The primer sequences for Methylation Specific PCR assay (MSP). 
The primer sequences for Real-time Quantitative PCR. 
Rank Name Species Accession Interest I a J b Structure match N c Sequence match. 
I?=?ISI Web of Knowledge hits to species name. 
J?=?J-score from 3D-jury consensus fold recognition. 
N?=?percent identity (catalytic core) to known ADPRT. 
Name Length Domains a Secretion b Psoluble c Crystallization d Target e. 
Predicted by DOMAC, Ginzu or sliding-window fold recognition. 
SecretomeP scores >0.5 suggest secretion without specific signal peptide; “SP” indicates secretion signal peptide detected by SignalP. 
Probability of solubility by PROSO. 
ParCrys crystallization propensity. 
Expected target amino acid (refer to main text for more information). 
Region Role Iota toxin comparison (wt?=?100) a Chelt Certhrax Mav toxin EFV toxin TccC5 Vis toxin. 
These data apply to the homolog iota toxin and is rounded and reproduced from [33] , [122] . 
Possible range given, followed by residues most likely involved; protein backbone H-bonding. 
Possible range given, followed by residues most likely involved. 
Name region B active site loop PN loop (or ?3 helix) ARTT loop. 
Family Number of sequences Percentage of total sequences. 
Members in each family differ in few numbers of bases. 
Aptamer Sequence Kd (nM). 
KDED2 KDED5 KDED7 KDED10 KDED19 KDED20 KC2D3 KC2D8 KCHA10 KCHB10. 
Selectivity study to assess the recognition of selected aptamers to different cell lines including colorectal cancer (DLD-1, HCT 116, HT-29), normal colon (CCD18Co, FHC), leukemia (HL60, NB4, K562, KG-1, CCRF-CEM, Ramos), lung cancer (NCI-H23, H1975, H661, Ludlu), cervical cancer (Hela), ovarian cancer (CAOV3, TOV21G), brain tumor (U87MG) and normal epithelial (HBE 135). A threshold of fluorescence intensity of PE-cy5.5 in the flow cytometry analysis was set such that the control library showed 5% of cells above the threshold. After binding the aptamer signal was evaluated by the percentage of cells above the threshold such that all signals below 10% were considered as background and designated ‘-’. The rest were assigned as follows; 11-30%, +; 31-50%, ++; 51-70%, +++; 71-85%, ++++ and >86, +++++. The final concentration of each aptamer was 250 nM. 
Case Age Gender Histological grade Facial nerve involvement Metastasis Recurrence. 
Clinicopathologic data of all cases under study. 
* 1 = Yes ** 0 = No. 
Histological Grade P53 immunopositivity Mdm-2 immunopositivity    Primary Recurrent Primary Recurrent    N0 N1 N0 N1 N0 N1 N0 N1. 
Summary of P53 and Mdm-2 immunopositive cases in relation to histological grade and lymph node metastasis. 
Histological Grade P53 mean area fraction (%) Mdm-2 mean area fraction (%)    Primary Recurrent Primary Recurrent. 
Summary of mean area fraction of both p53 and mdm-2 immunopositivity in relation to recurrence in different grades of MEC:. 
Descriptive statistics (P53). 
ANOVA test and Post Hoc multiple comparisons of mean area fraction of p53 immunopositivity in relation to different grades of MEC:. 
* The mean difference is significant at the 0.05 level. 
Descriptive statistics (mdm-2). 
ANOVA test and Post Hoc multiple comparisons of mean area fraction of mdm-2 immunopositivity in relation to different grades of MEC:. 
* The mean difference is significant at the 0.05 level. 
Welch Two Sample t-test (P53) Dependent Variable MEC Mean AF 95% Confidence Interval t df P value           Lower Bound Upper Bound   . 
Welch two samples t-test for comparison of mean area fraction (AF) of p53 and mdm-2 immunopositivity in primary versus recurrent MEC:. 
* The mean difference is significant at the 0.05 level. 
Pearson's Correlation (in both primary and recurrent cases). 
Correlation with regression analysis of p53 and mdm-2 immunopositivity in primary and/or recurrent MEC. 
** Correlation is significant at the 0.01 level (2-tailed). 
Sample Sex Age Origin TNM * Grade. 
Clinicalpathological parameters of BTC case series. 
ICC: Intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma; ECC: Extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma; GBC: Gallbladder carcinoma, * TNM staging (see ref. [ 30 ]). 
Gene Exon Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Sequences of forward and reverse primers (5'-3') used for PCR and sequencing. 
Sample EGFR TGF-? P-MAPK P-AKT PTEN HER2 HER2 FISH *. 
Expression of biomarkers and HER2 gene status in BTC samples from patients. 
ND: not determined,* HER2 FISH analysed as described in the "methods" section. 
Sample EGFR KRAS exon 2 PI3K exon 9 PI3K exon 20 BRAF exon 15 PTEN. 
Mutations of EGFR, HER2 and their transducers found in samples from patients. 
WT: wild type. 
TFK1 EGI-1 HuH28 TGBC1-TKB. 
Median dose and relative confidential interval values of EGFR/HER2 pathway inhibitors on BTC cell lines. 
The Median doses (Dm) and relative confidential interval (CI) of targeted therapies which affected 50% proliferation on the four cell lines (TFK1, EGI-1, HuH28, and TGBC1-TKB) were calculated after 72 hrs of drug treatment. 
Dm ?M (confidence interval) TFK-1 CI* EGI-1 CI* HuH28 CI* TGBC1-TKB CI*. 
Median dose and relative confidential interval values of gemcitabine alone and in combination with EGFR/HER2 pathway inhibitors on BTC cell lines. 
*CI = combination index indicates synergism when <1. 
Name of oligonucleotide Nucleotide sequence. 
Nucleotide sequences of oligonucleotides used for probes. 
Sense and antisense oligonucleotides were annealed and their 3?-ends were labeled with Cy5.5 using Cy5.5-dCTP (GE Healthcare) and Klenow DNA fragment. 
What is included in BioPAX. 
Database Type URL Format License Statistics. 
Databases and software supporting BioPAX. Note, PSI-MI data sources can be converted to BioPAX Level 2 using the PSI-MI to BioPAX converter. 
Type of Biological Pathway Main BioPAX Classes Used Introduced. 
BioPAX covers five main types of biological pathways and coverage has increased over time with new levels of the ontology. 
Grade and stage distribution None Grade 1 Grade 2 Grade 3 Total. 
Distribution of tumor stage and grade among all included patients in the study. 
Recurrent and primary Non-recurrent P-value (Mann-Whitney). 
Patient and tumor characteristic for patients with recurrent and non-recurrent tumors. 
* EORTC scores are only calculated for non-muscle invasive tumors. There are 51 urine samples in the non-muscle invasive recurrent group and 48 urine samples in the no-tumor group. 
Sens. Spec. AUC OR 95%CI PPV NPV P(chi 2 ). 
Sensitivity and specificity of the urine markers when using cystoscopy as gold standard for detection of bladder cancer. 
* All atypical cells in the urine recorded as positive. 
** One or both positive. 
*** If only hTERT was positive then the combined score was classified as negative. 
Sensitivity Specificity AUC OR 95% CI PPV NPV P-value. 
Sensitivity and specificity of urine markers when including follow-up data for detection of bladder cancer. 
* Positive cytology defined by atypical cells grade 2 or 3 in the urine. 
**Considered positive if either SENP1 or hTERT or both are positive. 
Name Chemical nature Mechanism of action. 
Overview of some DNMT inhibitors with their mechanisms of action. 
5-Azacitidine Decitabine. 
Clinical toxicity. 
Strain Genotype Origin. 
Yeast strains used in this study. 
Function Gene Fold Change Gene Function. 
Selected genes downregulated by elevated cAMP/ TPK3 signalling. 
Selected genes involved in ETS and ROS detoxification that were downregulated in ?pde2 cells but not in ?pde2 ?tpk3 when grown in the presence of exogenous 4 mM cAMP. Gene lists were obtained as a ratio of statistically significant expression levels in ?pde2 / ?pde2 ?tpk3 cells when grown in the presence of 4 mM cAMP. 
Function Gene Fold Change Gene Function. 
Selected genes uppregulated by elevated cAMP/ TPK3 signalling. 
Genes involved in mitochondrial function, DNA damage response and nutrient sensing that were upregulated in ?pde2 cells but not in ?pde2 ?tpk3 when grown in the presence of exogenous cAMP. Gene lists were obtained as a ratio of statistically significant expression levels in ?pde2 / ?pde2 ?tpk3 cells when grown in the presence of 4 mM cAMP. 
KEGG pathway 1 genes, L. biflexa p value, L. biflexa 2 genes, L. interrogans p value, L. interrogans. 
KEGG Pathways: http://www.genome.jp/kegg/pathway.html . The Table is arranged in order of descending p value for L. interrogans . The comparisons were made between cells infected with the indicated bacterial strain vs. uninfected controls at 1 hr. post infection. Similar trends were observed at the 3 hr. time point. Pathway abbreviations are provided for reference to Table 2 . The same pathways also showed significant changes in expression, in similar patterns, in a second endothelial cell line, HMEC (data not shown). 
P values considered to be statistically significant were <0.05 by the Hypergeometric test. ( http://bioinfo.vanderbilt.edu/webgestalt ) . 
Gene (KEGG Pathway(s)) Product Fold change in cells infected with L. biflexa vs. uninfected Fold change in cells infected with L. interrogans vs. uninfected Predicted functional significance. 
The Table is arranged in order of descending differences between L. interrogans vs. L. biflexa -infected Ea.hy926 cells in comparison to the uninfected controls at I hr post-infection. For each gene, relevant KEGG pathway abbreviations are noted (see Table 1 ). 
Identifier Biomarker Study type Disease setting Treatment Endpoint Sponsor. 
Recommended phase II dose. 
Safety, efficacy (RR, clinical benefit). 
Recommended phase II dose. 
Safety, efficacy. 
Efficacy. 
tolerance. 
Activity. 
Safety. 
Recommended phase II dose. 
Anti-tumor activity (PFS). 
Safety. 
Anti-tumor activity. 
Strain name Relevant genotype Source or reference. 
Yeast strains. 
Name Backbone Content Source or reference. 
Plasmids used. 
Primer name Sequence Construct. 
Tumor entity References Study Design Sample Size Circulating miRNAs examined Technology Normalization Promising circulating miRNAs. 
Circulating miRNAs in the serum as diagnostic markers for different tumor entities. 
Cr(VI) drinking water concentration, mg/l  0 5 20 60 180. 
Summary of Select Neoplastic and Nonneoplastic Lesions in the NTP 2-Year Bioassay. Incidence of Nonneoplastic and Neoplastic Lesions in the Intestine and Oral Cavity. 
Note. Detailed results and statistical analyses can be found in NTP (2008b) and Stout et al. (2009a). 
For brevity, the intestinal results for males are not shown. Similar positive and negative findings were reported for male mice and rats, respectively. 
Histiocytic infiltration was the only histopathological response reported in the male and female rat duodenum. 
No lesions were reported for the jejunum in male and female rats. 
No intestinal tumors were observed in male or female rats. 
No tumors were observed in the mouse oral mucosa or tongue. 
* p ? 0.05, ** p ? 0.01 by poly-3 test, *** p ? 0.001 by poly-3 test; #exceeded historical control range. 
Duration 13 Weeks 104 Weeks Mg/l Cr(VI) ? 22 ? 44 ? 350 ? 5 ? 60 ? 60 ? 180 ? 180 ? 180. 
Spatiotemporal Depiction of Diffuse Hyperplasia and Histiocytic Infiltration. 
DH, diffuse hyperplasia; HI, histiocytic infiltration; Neo, neoplasm. 
Factors that limit carcinogenicity ( Williams, 2008 ) Limits Cr(VI) carcinogenicity? Basis. 
Factors that Limit the Carcinogenicity of DNA-Reactive Carcinogens and Potential Relevance for the MOA of Mouse Small Intestine Tumors Induced by Cr(VI). 
Key event Data gap Studies needed. 
Data Gaps in the MOA for Cr(VI)-induced Intestinal Cancers and Studies Needed to Address These Gaps. 
Gene name Sense primer sequence (5?–3?) Antisense primer sequence (5?–3?) Amplification conditions No. of amplification cycles. 
Primer sequences and optimal conditions used in PCR analysis. 
The Syndrome and Genetic Mutations Associated with Renal Tract Malfomations. 
Drug Antiproliferative effect p27 Akt Cyclin D1 Cyclin D3 Reference. 
In vitro activity of mTOR inhibitors on MCL cell lines: relevant data from literature. 
Schedule No. of patients Overall response Complete response Median overall survival Median progression-free survival Reference. 
Temsirolimus in MCL patients: results from clinical trials. 
Author Trial design Phase Pts included (randomized) RR (during maintenance) PFS OS QoL FACT-L. 
Randomized trials of maintenance therapy with erlotinib. 
Abbreviations: Bvz, bevacizumab; QoL, quality of life; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; RR, response rate; Pts, patients; ns, non-significant; NR, notreported. 
Rationale for developing caveolin-1 as a biomarker for clinically significant prostate cancer. 
Cav-1 expression is significantly increased in prostate cancer versus normal epithelium. 
Cav-1 expression is increased in metastatic versus localized prostate cancer. 
In contrast with PSA, Cav-1 is an oncogene that significantly contributes to the biology of aggressive disease. 
Prostate cancer cells secrete Cav-1 into the tumor microenvironment. 
Like endogenous Cav-1, secreted Cav-1 promotes malignant progression through antiapoptotic activities, stimulation of angiogenesis, castrate-resistant growth, and metastases formation. 
Secreted Cav-1 can be reliably and reproducibly measured from peripheral blood using a Cav-1-specific ELISA. 
Serum Cav-1 levels are significantly higher in men with clinically localized prostate cancer than in men with BPH or healthy controls. 
High pretreatment levels of serum Cav-1 predict for a shorter time to biochemical recurrence in patients undergoing radical prostatectomy for localized disease. 
Abbreviations: BPH, benign prostatic hypertrophy; Cav-1, caveolin-1; ELISA, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; PSA, prostate-specific antigen. 
Author Phase Patients (n) Treatment line Therapy PFS (mo) RR (%). 
Selected cetuximab trials. Landmark trials in the development of cetuximab according to clinical treatment lines with main characteristics and results such as progression-free survival (PFS) and response rate (RR). In several trials time to progression (TTP) was used as clinical endpoint (in parentheses). Recent studies analyzed efficacy results for KRAS wildtype patients separately. Data of wildtype cohorts are noted ( italic ) below results of the entire populations. 
Sarcoma type Study Method Exons sequenced Mutation frequency TP53 mutation. 
TP53 Mutations in Ewings Sarcoma confirmed by DNA sequencing. 
DDGE: Denaturing Gradient Gel Electrophoresis; IHC: Immunohistochemistry; PCR-SSCP: Polymerase Chain Reaction Single-Strand Conformational Polymorphism; FS: Frameshift; Mutations in bold indicate p53 “hotspot mutations.”. 
Sarcoma type Study Method Exons sequenced Mutation frequency TP53 mutation. 
TP53 Mutations in sarcomas other than ESFTs confirmed by DNA sequencing. 
CDGE: Constant Denaturant Gel Electrophoresis; DDGE: Denaturing Gradient Gel Electrophoresis; IHC: Immunohistochemistry; PCR-SSCP: Polymerase Chain Reaction Single-Strand Conformational Polymorphism; PCR-LDR: Polymerase Chain Reaction Ligase-Detection Reaction; FS: Frame shift; Del: Deletion; Ins: Insertion; SS: Splice Site. Mutations in bold indicate p53 “hotspot mutations”. Recurrences with TP53 mutations have been omitted in studies that reported both the primary tumour and recurrence with the same mutation. 
Study MDM2 amplification Study CDKN2A deletion. 
MDM2 amplification or CDKN2A deletion in Ewing Sarcomas. 
#Homozygous deletion of CDKN2A. 
*Includes both homozygous and hemizygous deletions of CDKN2A. 
Tumour type Fusion gene Translocation Reference. 
Involvement of the EWS gene in translocation-based malignancies. 
Chemical structures and proposed mechanisms of small molecule p53 activators. 
Name Description Gene Bank UniProt Loc Known. 
LC-MS/MS identified proteins from TAP purifications performed on total membranes of TAP-Bcl-xL expressing HeLa cells were divided into the functional categories described. The table provides name, description and accession numbers of the identified proteins. The table also states the subcellular localisation (known or putative) of the proteins (Loc) and if the protein had already been found interacting with Bcl-xL (known). Mito: mitochondrial; ER: endoplasmic reticulum; MEM: plasma membrane; Cyto: cytosolic; Sec: secreted. 
Cell-permeable peptides derived from the Met receptor docking site fused to internalization sequences from the Antennapedia and Tat proteins. Met sequence alone was used as control of cell internalization. 
Gene Primer Sequence Product Size, bp Accession No. r2 E % Variation. 
Oligonucleotide forward and reverse primer sequences (5?-3?), PCR product length, linearity, efficiency, and % intra-assay variation of real-time RT-PCR reactions. 
r2, Linearity; E, efficiency; F, forward; R, reverse. 
Pathway P Value %DEG Genes. 
Gene classification according to canonical signaling pathways using IPA. 
The %DEG is the proportion of differentially expressed genes (DEG) relative to the total no. of genes in the specific canonical pathway. Downregulated genes are highlighted in boldface, upregulated genes are in lightface. IPA, Ingenuity Pathways Analysis. 
Real-time Data     Gene MNEB SNEB Real-time Fold-change P Value Array Fold change P Value. 
Microarray validation with real-time RT-PCR on selected genes. 
Values are back-transformed least square means followed by the 95% confidence limits and are expressed as pg per &mu;g of reversed transcribed RNA. nd, Not determined; MNEB, mild negative energy balance; SNEB, severe negative energy balance. 
Target F sequence R sequence Probe sequence. 
Abbreviations: hTERT=human telomerase reverse transcriptase; qMSP=quantitative methylation-specific real-time polymerase chain reaction; WT1=Wilms' tumour 1. 
Details of forward (F), reverse (R) and probe sequences for each of the seven tumour suppressor genes analysed and for actin ? . 
Target Melting Annealing Extension. 
Abbreviations: hTERT=human telomerase reverse transcriptase; PCR=polymerase chain reaction; qMSP=quantitative methylation-specific real-time polymerase chain reaction; WT1=Wilms' tumour 1. 
Details of PCR conditions for each of the seven tumour suppressor genes analysed and for actin ? . 
  hTERT WT1 RASSF1 p16 RAR ? CYGB TMEFF2 Sample ??CT RQ ??CT RQ ??CT RQ ??CT RQ ??CT RQ ??CT RQ ??CT RQ 5% Control 7.9 1.0 5.6 1.0 5.2 1.0 5.7 1.0 9.5 1.0 4.5 1.0 6.2 1.0. 
Abbreviations: Ca ex PSA=carcinoma ex pleomorphic adenoma; hTERT=human telomerase reverse transcriptase; PSA=pleomorphic salivary adenoma; qMSP=quantitative methylation-specific real-time polymerase chain reaction; WT1=Wilms' tumour 1. 
qMSP results for each sample by tumour suppressor gene. Each result is referenced to the artificially 5% methylation control sample (RQ=2???CT). 
  hTERT WT1 RASSF1 p16 RAR ? CYGB TMEFF2. 
Abbreviations: Ca ex PSA=carcinoma ex pleomorphic adenoma; hTERT=human telomerase reverse transcriptase; PSA=pleomorphic salivary adenoma; WT1=Wilms' tumour 1. 
Sensitivity and specificity for each tumour suppressor gene as a test for malignancy in a sample. 
  PBS Ad-NBS1 FGF2-Ad-NBS1. 
Abbreviations: FGF2-Ad-NBS1=fibroblast growth factor 2-targeted adenoviral mutant Nijmegen breakage syndrome 1; PBS=phosphate-buffered saline. 
Authors Year Biomarker Patients ( n ) a Method Radio±chemotherapy ( n ) Primary surgical treatment ( n ) Mean (median) follow-up period in months Biomarker +ve patients b Survival (biomarker +ve vs ?ve patients) Correlation with prognosis. 
Abbreviations: APR=abdominoperineal resection; DFS=disease-free survival; IHC=immunohistochemistry; Rb=retinoblastoma; RR=relative risk. 
Patients included in final biomarker analysis. 
In studies where patients have been differentiated by the presence or absence of tumour biomarker overexpression, overexpression is considered as biomarker positive. 
Authors Year Biomarker Patients ( n ) a Method Radio±chemotherapy ( n ) Primary surgical treatment ( n ) Mean (median) follow-up period in months Biomarker +ve patients b Survival (biomarker +ve vs ?ve patients) Correlation with prognosis. 
Abbreviations: APR=abdominoperineal resection; DFS=disease-free survival; IHC=immunohistochemistry; Rb=retinoblastoma; RR=relative risk. 
Patients included in final biomarker analysis. 
In studies where patients have been differentiated by the presence or absence of tumour biomarker overexpression, overexpression is considered as biomarker positive. 
Authors Year Biomarker Patients ( n ) a Method Radio±chemotherapy ( n ) Primary surgical treatment ( n ) Mean (median) follow-up period in months Biomarker +ve patients b Survival (biomarker +ve vs ?ve patients) Correlation with prognosis. 
Abbreviations: EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; IHC=immunohistochemistry; FISH=fluorescent in situ hybridisation; RR=relative risk. 
Patients included in final biomarker analysis. 
In studies where patients have been differentiated by the presence or absence of tumour biomarker overexpression, overexpression is considered as biomarker positive. 
Authors Year Biomarker Patients ( n ) a Method Radio±chemotherapy ( n ) Primary surgical treatment ( n ) Mean (median) follow-up period in months Biomarker +ve patients b Survival (biomarker +ve vs ?ve patients) Correlation with prognosis. 
Abbreviations: DFS=disease-free survival; IHC=immunohistochemistry; NF- ? B=nuclear factor- ? B; RR=relative risk. 
Patients included in final biomarker analysis. 
In studies where patients have been differentiated by the presence or absence of tumour biomarker overexpression, overexpression is considered as biomarker positive. 
Authors Year Biomarker Patients ( n ) a Method Radio±chemotherapy ( n ) Primary surgical treatment ( n ) Mean (median) follow-up period in months Biomarker +ve patients b Survival (biomarker +ve vs ?ve patients) Correlation with prognosis. 
Abbreviations: APR=abdominoperineal resection; DFS=disease-free survival; IHC=immunohistochemistry. 
Patients included in final biomarker analysis. 
In studies where patients have been differentiated by the presence or absence of tumour biomarker overexpression, overexpression is considered as biomarker positive. 
Authors Year Biomarker Patients ( n ) a Method Radio±chemotherapy ( n ) Primary surgical treatment ( n ) Mean (median) follow-up period in months Biomarker +ve patients b Survival (biomarker +ve vs ?ve patients) Correlation with prognosis. 
Abbreviations: APR=abdominoperineal resection; DFS=disease-free survival; IHC=immunohistochemistry; PCNA=proliferating cell nuclear antigen; MCM7=mini-chromosome maintenance protein 7; nm23=non-metastatic protein 23; RR=relative risk. 
Patients included in final biomarker analysis. 
In studies where patients have been differentiated by the presence or absence of tumour biomarker overexpression, overexpression is considered as biomarker positive. 
Authors Year Biomarker Patients ( n ) a Method Radio±chemotherapy ( n ) Primary surgical treatment ( n ) Mean (median) follow-up period in months Biomarker +ve patients b Survival (biomarker +ve vs ?ve patients) Correlation with prognosis. 
Abbreviations: APR=abdominoperineal resection; DFS=disease-free survival; IHC=immunohistochemistry; VEGF=vascular endothelial growth factor; MVD=microvessel density; CD31=cluster of differentiation 31; RR=relative risk. 
Patients included in final biomarker analysis. 
In studies where patients have been differentiated by the presence or absence of tumour biomarker overexpression, overexpression is considered as biomarker positive. 
Authors Year Biomarker Patients ( n ) a Method Radio±chemotherapy ( n ) Primary surgical treatment ( n ) Mean (median) follow-up period in months Biomarker +ve patients b Survival (biomarker +ve vs ?ve patients) Correlation with prognosis. 
Abbreviations: APR=abdominoperineal resection; DFS=disease-free survival; RAI=radioimmunoassay; SCCAg=squamous cell carcinoma antigen; CEA=carcinoembryonic antigen; SHH=sonic hedgehog; hTERT=human telomerase reverse transcriptase; RR=relative risk. 
Patients included in final biomarker analysis. 
In studies where patients have been differentiated by the presence or absence of tumour biomarker overexpression, overexpression is considered as biomarker positive. 
Regimen(s) Study n Response KRAS WT (%) P- value PFS KRAS WT (months) P- value. 
Abbreviations: BSC=best supportive care; CI=confidence interval; Cmab = cetuximab; CT=chemotherapy; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; mAb=monoclonal antibody; MCRC=metastatic colorectal cancer; NS=not significant; OS=overall survival; PFS=progression-free survival; Pmab=panitumumab; WT=wild type. 
      PFS (months)   OS (months)   Responders Nonresponders   Study N EGFR cutoff No 95% CI P- value No 95% CI P- value CR+PR SD+PD P- value. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; CISH=chromogenic in situ hybridisation; CR=complete response; CT=chemotherapy; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; FISH=fluorescence in situ hybridisation; mAb=monoclonal antibody; MCRC=metastatic colorectal cancer; NA=not assessable; OS=overall survival; PFS=progression-free survival; PR=partial response; PD=progressive disease; SD=stable disease. 
FISH. 
CISH. 
Organism TF # of genes DEMON's rank PRIMA's rank. 
The higher rank for each TF is marked in bold. 
Consensus dataset (38 genes) Consensus dataset (30 genes) TFBS P-value TFBS P-value. 
Enriched TFBSs that pass a 0.05 FDR threshold appear in bold. 
Exp Descrip IPI Protein Index Identifier Probability Coverage Peptide Sequence Instances Unique AA #. 
Mass spec analysis of IKK? complexes prepared from HEK293 cells identifies FGFR4 as a binding partner. The table shows recovered FGFR4 peptides. Amino acid residues refer to the standard FGFR4 protein GenBank: AAB59389.1. Non-unique peptides appear identically within other proteins in the human proteome. 
Protein/Gene Regulation[FGF+TNF] vs [TNF] Fold change[FGF+TNF] vs [TNF]) RefSeq Relevant Gene Ontology Biological or Molecular Designations. 
Microarray expression data are presented for all genes involved in the regulation of cell cycle, apoptosis, or NF?B signaling, and which satisfy a fold-change cut-off of 2.0 and p-value cut-off of 0.015. For complete details and information, see Supporting Information Table S2 . 
Patients    N %. 
Characteristics of the 108 patients with non-small-cell lung cancer enrolled in the study. 
Abbreviations: CBDCA, carboplatin; PAC, paclitaxel; CDDP, cisplatin; GEM, gemcitabine. 
No. of patients    Stage IIIA Stage IIIB Stage IV. 
Treatment characteristics of the enrolled patients. 
Abbreviations: TRT, thoracic radiotherapy. 
Genotypic frequencies (%) Allelic frequencies (%). 
Genotypic and allelic frequencies of the G894T SNP in exon 7 and the VNTR in intron 4. 
No. of bb genotype pts. No. of a-allele carriers P. 
Comparative analysis of demographic and pathological information. 
PR+SD  PD         No. of Patients % No. of Patients % P. 
Frequency and distribution of eNOS intron 4 VNTR alleles in 72 patients with partial response or stable disease and 10 patients with progressive disease. 
Clone name (mRNA) Fold change (log 2 mean) Accession number  NS Imip Fluo Phen . 
List of significantly over-expressed genes affected by antidepressants. 
List of over-expressed genes affected more than 2 fold to their specific control by antidepressant treatments. ( ) indicated the sacrificed day of oral administered rat with antidepressant. NS; Nelumbinis Semen , Imip; imipramine, Fluo; fluoxetine, Phen; phenelzine. 
Clone name (mRNA) Fold change (log 2 mean) Accession number  NS Imip Fluo Phen . 
List of significantly repressed genes affected by antidepressants. 
List of repressed genes affected less than 2 fold to their specific control by antidepressant treatments. ( ) indicated the sacrificed day of oral administered rat with antidepressant. NS; Nelumbinis Semen , Imip; imipramine, Fluo; fluoxetine, Phen; phenelzine. 
Genotype No of mice Tumor Incidence. 
Shown is the tumor incidence in the different genotypes. 
Genotype Melanomas Non melanomas. 
In order to distinguish melanoma from non-melanoma tumors were subjected to staining with S100 and DCT (see Figure 1E , Figure S1 ). Only those stained positive for both markers were considered as melanomas. Number of positive stained out of total melanomas is shown (percent positive) for each of the genotypes. Statistical analysis using Chi-square assay revealed that the differences between # of melanomas between the ATF2?/? and ATF2+/+ genotypes are significant (p?=?0.018). Differences among the other groups were not significant (differences between # of melanomas between the ATF2?/+ and ATF2+/+ p?=?0.36; differences between # of non-melanomas between the ATF2?/? and ATF2+/+ groups p?=?0.37. differences between # of non-melanomas between the ATF2?/? and ATF2?/+ p?=?0.92). 
Gene name Microarray (ATF2?/?/WT) qPCR confirmation. 
Primary melanocytes were isolated and inactivation of ATF2+ induction of N-Ras expression was performed in culture (see Materials and Methods for details). RNA prepared from the cells was used for array analysis. Data shown represents 2 biological and 2 technical replicates for the array studies and 3 replicates for the qPCR analyses (see Materials and Methods for details). 
Melanocytes/Melanoma cells Relative change in MITF mRNA upon ATF2 KD * Level of SOX10 upon ATF2 KD **. 
*Relative changes in MITF upon ATF2 KD are shown as fold change at RNA level, determined by qPCR. Data shown represent triplicate analyses. 
**Relative changes in SOX10 upon ATF2 knock down (KD) are also quantified by qPCR analysis. ND: not determined. 
Variable n Exp(B) 95% CI Variable N Exp(B) 95% CI. 
Analyses were carried out using data (reported in [16] and [18] ) from patients who were followed by expectancy until the appearance of metastases. 
Tumour stage,. 
Gleason score (in both cases, as well as for pEGFR, the sample sizes used in the univariate analyses are for those which were scored for CB1IR). Exp(B) refers to the increase in the odds as a result of an increase in the “unit” of the predictive variable under study. 
***p<0.001,. 
**p<0.01,. 
*p<0.05,. 
p>0.1. 
Protein Symbol Protein Name. 
Core proteins of the insulin signaling network. 
Maximum path length Number of linear paths Number of proteins Number of core proteins. 
Linear paths from INSR to GLUT4. 
Proteins Participation (%). 
The top 10 proteins that participate in 7176 linear paths. 
Model Number of nodes Number of interactions Mean Path Length Diameter Reference. 
Graph properties of protein interaction networks. 
A16 NA16 Colony Cells Tumor cells. 
Chromosomal arrangement in different karyotypes. 
The chromosomal arrangement of different karyotypes from A16, NA16, colony cells and tumour cells. 
Pathways Genes Microarray QPCR   NA16 Colony Tumor NA16 Colony Tumor. 
Validation of selected genes by quantitative real time PCR. 
Total RNA was collected from F111-NA16, Colony and tumour cells and validated for the selected genes of Hypoxia, glycolysis/gluconeogenesis and tumour formation/metastatsis from microarray data and were compared with control[F111-A16]. Genes showed the same trend in regulation in the qPCR and microarray experiments, but not necessarily by the same fold change. No change (NC) refers to a gene whose expression was below twofold with p Value less than 0.05 for the microarray. 
HDI Maximum effect Effective Dose ( µM) Level of Acetylated H4. 
4T1 cells were plated in 96-well plates then pre-treated with a concentration gradient of the indicated drugs. DMSO was used as a control. Following pre-treatment with drugs, cells were challenged with VVdd-GFP at an MOI of 0.1. After 120 h incubation period, fluorescence pictures were taken of each well, spanning the entire well-surface. Green fluorescence, indicating vaccinia spread, was measured using an image analysis software (Image J, NIH) and reported as a fold change in GFP-positive comparison to control (average of triplicate). + indicates increase in spread <2-fold, ++ indicates between 2 and 3-fold increase, +++ indicates >3-fold increase. TSA was the most active compound at the lowest dose tested. 10 cm plates of confluent 4T1 cells were treated with indicated HDI and samples were probed for hyper-acetylated histone H4 by Western Blot and reported as level of acetylated H4 relative to the untreated control. 
Accession Type Accession Number Accession Term List Hits List Size Pop. Hits Pop. Size Fisher's Exact Corrected P Value. 
Table 1 presents eight over-represented EASE functional classes. The list of functional annotation classes analyzed include: GO terms for biological process, molecular function, and cellular component. Pop Size is the number of genes assigned to a particular annotation class. Pop Hits is the number of genes assigned to a particular annotation term. List Size indicates the number of differentially genes with assignments in each annotation class. List Hits is the number of differentially genes associated with each particular GO term. The Fisher’s Exact column lists the p -value from Fisher’s Exact test. The corrected p-value column indicates the p- value after correction for multiple testing by the Benjamini-Hochberg method. 
nEASE Term List Hits List Size Pop. Hits Pop. Size Fisher's Exact Gene Enrich nEASE pvalue Diff nEASE Gene Enrich % Gene Enrich EASE Term. 
Table 2 presents 17 over-represented nEASE functional classes nested within enriched EASE GO terms of the upper-level EASE analysis. Gene Erich indicates the number of differentially expressed genes above what is expected for the nEASE List Hits category based on the EASE GO term enrichment. Pvalue log diff indicates the Fisher’s Exact Test p -value log difference between the same nEASE and EASE GO terms. nEASE Gene Enrich presents the enriched gene value based on the same EASE Gene Enrich value. % Gene Enrich column indicates percent gene enrichment for each nEASE GO Term based on the Gene Enrich value. 
Merged Breast Cancer Dataset (N?=?689) Clinical Variable p-value. 
p -values correspond to the significance of the gene set as a predictor for the specified clinical variable, while controlling for all other variables assessed. 
Kinase family Cellular localization of kinases All substrates Cytoplasmic substrates Nuclear substrates Cytoplasmic and nuclear substrates. 
Cellular co-localization of human kinases and their substrates. 
The bold value means P -value?<?0.05. 
Protein ID MALDI-TOF MS/MS Function. 
Proteins interacting with MT-3 identified with MALDI-TOF and MS/MS, and their functions. 
Reason for testing Genes tested Identity. 
Background information on candidate genes tested for ASEL/R size differences. 
a ins-1 is only one of several insulin ligands in the worm; we specifically tested this one as it is known to be released from a postsynaptic ASE target to affect InR signaling in ASER in the context of learning and memory [ 59 ]. InR: Insulin/IGF-receptor. 
Sample Cell type Q-PCR Gpx3 Q-PCR Met Methylation Demethylation H2O2 FISH. 
Overview of the rat material and the tests performed in the study. 
Sample Tumor grade qPCR GPX3 qPCR MET. 
Overview of the human material and the tests performed in the study. 
Primer pairs Forward primer Reverse primer Fragment size (bp). 
Methylation specific primer (MSP) pairs. 
Methylation specific primer (MSP) pairs for Gpx3 used in the methylation specific PCR. The gene Actb was used as control. 
Methylation status. 
Methylation status of the Gpx3 promotor region in the rat EAC cell lines. 
* M+/M+ diallelic methylation, M+/M- monoallelic methylation,. 
M-/M- unmethylated, ------ no results available. 
Primer  Sequence Product size (bp). 
Primers used for the construction of the Gpx 3 specific probe. 
Patient ID Exon Intron Nucleotide change a Predicted effect on coding sequence b Effect on protein or mRNA Functional domains References. 
Mutations Detected in SEC23B. 
The nucelotides are numbered from the A of the ATG initiation codon (ENST00000377475). 
Accession number: Q15437 (UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot). 
PolyPhen prediction (PSIC score). 
PANTHER prediction (subPSEC score/ P deleterious). 
Splice Site Prediction by Neural Network (WT sequence score > mutated sequence score). 
Gene name (symbol) Function Fold Increase (MO) Fold Increase (ME-26). 
PCR Array analysis† showing top 10 endogenously upregulated (p ? 0.05) genes in human MM cell lines (MO, ME-26) compared to untransformed LP9/TERT1 mesothelial cells. 
†SABiosciences: Human drug resistance and metabolism template. 
‡Not significantly different from LP9. 
§Significantly different from -UO126 group of the respective cell line. 
Gene name(symbol) Fold Change shERK1 vs. shCon Fold Change shERK2 vs. shCon. 
Microarray analysis showing endogenous expression of ATP-binding cassette genes in shERK1 and shERK2 cells compared to shControl, stable HMESO cells (p ? 0.05). 
† Indicates Doxorubicin is a substrate as reported in the literature. 
Gene symbol Fold Change. 
Microarray analysis showing endogenous levels of ATP-binding cassette genes in HMESO MM cells as compared to normal mesothelial cells (LP9/TERT-1) (p ? 0.05). 
Receptors Trafficking Pharmacology Signaling Ref. 
Oligomerization of the ?1-adrenergic receptor subtypes. 
Receptor Partner Binding site Functional role Ref. 
Proteins interacting with the ?1-adrenergic receptor subtypes. 
Receptor Genetic modification Phenotype Ref. 
Cardiovascular phenotype of mice carrying genetic modifications of different ?1-adrenergic receptor subtypes. 
Model Arsenical Dose Time (weeks) Global DNA methylation References. 
Arsenic exposure and global DNA methylation. 
Abbreviations: Hyper, hypermethylated; Hypo, hypomethylated; NA, not available. See text for additional information on human subjects. 
Genes  Mode Arsenical Dose Time (weeks) Hyper Hypo Reference. 
Arsenic exposure and gene-specific (promoter) methylation status. 
Abbreviations: ER?, estrogen receptor ?; Hyper, hypermethylated; Hypo, hypomethylated; NA, not available. 
Study subjects were grouped based on historical arsenic concentration in drinking water, and the range of arsenic concentration in drinking water was < 50 ?g/L to > 300 ?g/L. 
The estimated toenail arsenic concentration of study subjects was < 0.01 ?g/L to > 50 ?g/L. 
Cellular clock Cause Molecular readout. 
Cellular clock driving senescence hypothesis. 
Several hypotheses for cellular clocks driving senescence have been proposed. Most of them lay into error-catastrophe theories, suggesting that senescence is a byproduct of cell living, and deterministic theories, suggesting a genetic program for cellular senescence. Some of the most representative theories are collected in this table. 
Morphological description Histological description. 
Nomenclature of colorectal lesions according to their morphological appearance on whole mount colon (low magnification) or according to their histological characteristics identified in embedded and stained colon sections under a high-magnification microscope. 
ACF, aberrant crypt foci; BCAC, ? -catenin accumulated crypts; MDF, mucin depleted foci; HID-AB, high-iron diamine alcian blue. 
Gene ACF/MDF ( n ) Histologic diagnosis ( n ) Tumours ( n ) Adenomas ( n ) Carcinomas ( n ) Carcinogen Ref. 
Frequencies of gene mutations found in biomarkers and different stages of colon carcinogenesis in the DMH/AOM rat model. 
Number in parenthesis denotes the total number of colon lesions analyzed. MSI, microsatellite instability; ACF, aberrant crypt foci; MDF, mucin depleted foci; BCAC, ? -catenin accumulated crypts; AC, adenocarcinoma in situ; —: not reported. 
Table 1. 
miRNA FL-NTRK3 TR-NTRK3. 
Tested miRNAs and predicted target. 
M, miRanda; T, TargetScan; P, Pictar; NP, not. 
predicted for either isoform; † and #, conserved. 
sites and poorly conserved sites for miRNA families broadly. 
conserved among vertebrates, respectively; §, poorly. 
conserved sites for miRNA families conserved only among mammals;. 
¥, poorly conserved sites or poorly conserved miRNA families. 
The number of predicted sites is indicated in brackets. 
miRNA HeLa Untreated SH-SY5Y Differentiated SH-SY5Y (RA 6 days). 
miRNA expression levels in HeLa and SH-SY5Y cells. 
RA, retinoic acid. Expression levels are indicated relative to background signal. 
GENE FC  FUNCTION. 
Top 10 upregulated genes upon miR-128 overexpression in SH-SY5Y cells. 
GENE ? FC ? FUNCTION. 
Top 10 downregulated genes upon miR-128. 
GENE FC GENE FC. 
Target predictions and genes deregulated by miR-128. 
Overlapping between target predictions for miR-128 (TargetScan) and genes deregulated by its overexperession. *Only one out of 38 deregulated and predicted target genes was upregulated. 
GENE TYPE Blood Tissue Biopsy. 
The tissue specific methylation profiles of promoter subunits of some distinct TS genes in blood and tumor samples from the current case with non-small cell lung carcinoma. 
Primer sequences and PCR amplification conditions used in RT-PCR assay. 
IC50 of NPCD on five breast cancer cell lines and MCF10A non-transformed cells. 
Cell cycle profile of breast cancer cells treated with NPCD. 
Relative expression level of several G1 regulatory proteins in five human breast cancer cell lines *. 
Characteristic Construction Dataset N=891 Validation Dataset N=323 Total N=1214. 
Baseline Characteristics of Potential Prognostic Factors (Construction and Validation Datasets). 
Abbreviations: ECOG = Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group; N = total number of patients; n = number of patient in specified category; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; SD = standard deviation. 
Post Gemcitabine-Platinum Therapy, n(%) Construction Dataset N=891 Validation Dataset N=323 Total N=1214. 
Post Gemcitabine-Platinum Treatment Approaches. 
* Patients may have received more than one post gemcitabine-platinum therapy. 
Smoking Characteristic, n(% ) Construction Dataset N=891 Validation Dataset N=323 Total N=1214. 
Smoking Characteristics at Baseline and During Study (Construction and Validation Datasets). 
† Patients who stopped smoking but without giving a stop date should be considered to have stopped just before the start of therapy. 
‡ Patients who stopped & restarted are not included.§ Patients who have the cessation date > therapy start date and their 'No. cigarettes during therapy' is entered as zero or blank are considered not smoking during therapy. 
# One patient, who had never smoked prior to therapy, started smoking during therapy. 
% of each histotype   Histopathology: WT WT+GW * PDK1 PDK1+GW **. 
* P ?=?0.0125 vs. untreated WT mice for histological differences. 
** P ?=?0.0205 vs. untreated PDK1 mice for histological differences. 
Wild-type (WT) and MMTV-PDK1 transgenic mice (PDK1) were fed either standard rodent chow or chow supplemented with 0.005% (w/w) GW501516 (GW). GW501516 treatment produced a significant change in the percentage of adenosquamous/squamous carcinomas. There were no significant differences in tumor multiplicity between groups. 
Symbol Description Fold Change. 
Shown is the relative expression of metabolic genes common to GW510516-treated (GW) wild-type mice (WT), MMTV-PDK1 transgenic mice (PDK1) and GW501516-treated MMTV-PDK1 mice (PDK1+GW) vs. WT. The heatmap groups refer to Figure S2A , and the gene expression profile of all groups is presented in Table S1 . 
MS Mass CQ_ID Name Fold Change Value  Algorithm Identifer ESI. 
RF, Random Forest. 
Case No. Age/Gender Eye Clinical diagnosis Surgery. 
PKP?=?penetrating keratoplasty; DALK?=?deep anterior lamellar keratoplasty. 
Normal limbal basal cells Normal central corneal epithelial cells Continuously unstable curvatures of corneas (central cornea). 
Normal limbal stem cells Normal central corneal epithelial cells Continuously unstable corneal curvatures (central cornea). 
Primer name Type Sequence 5? to 3?. 
Lower case text indicates restriction enzyme sites; Lower case with underline indicates mismatched mutations in miR-26b seed region. 
SMO-Inhibitors Ongoing trials Indication. 
Current and future HH pathway inhibitors. 
Proteins Related functions Citation. 
Binding partners of prohibitin. 
Post-translational modifications. 
Dibasic sites. 
Monobasic sites. 
Post(poly) Clu/Asp sites. 
Post Phe-sites. 
Tri and tetrabasic sites. 
Carboxyamidation. 
Glutaminyl cyclation. 
N-terminal dipeptidyl cleavage. 
Acylations. 
Disulfide bridgings. 
Gamma carboxylation. 
Glycosylations. 
Isomerisatios. 
Phosphorylations. 
Sulfations. 
Inducer Time Outcome. 
Inducers of GRIM-19. 
Although GRIM-19 was identified as a cell death mediator in IFN-?/RA-induced growth-suppressive effect, this gene can be induced by diverse stimuli—the fastest being by bacteria followed by ischemia and IFN-?/RA. The signaling pathway proteins involved in any of the above-mentioned pathways is not known completely. 
Gene name Reverse transcription primer (5'-3') PCR primers (5'-3') F: forward primer R: reverse primer. 
Reverse transcription and stem-loop primers for real-time RT-PCR. 
microRNA SAM score Fold change False discovery rate (FDR) %. 
Partial list of miRNAs with significantly different levels detected in SP of HCC cells compared to fetal liver cells. 
Assays Treatment Group Mean CFU Counts Treatment Effect Group. 
Effect of APS on the formation of colony-forming units (CFU). 
The following CFUs, myeloid (CFU-GM), erythroid (BFU-E), mixed (CFU-GEMM), megakaryocytic (CFU-MK) and bone marrow stromal (CFU-F) have been tested for the effects of APS or TPO treatment. A, B, C and D indicates treatment groups that have significantly different treatment effects. N: Normal, cells cultured in the presence of cytokine and serum; C: Control, cells grown in cytokine serum-depleted media; APS: Angelica Sinensis Polysaccharide; TPO: Thrombopoietin. 
Treatment Group Percentage of Cells (%) Treatment Effect Group. 
Effects of various treatments on the apoptosis of M-07e cells detected by annexin V assay. 
A, B, C and D stand for treatment groups having significantly different treatment effects. R1: late apoptotic cells; R2: early apoptotic cells; R1+R2: total apoptotic cells; N: Normal, cells cultured in the presence of cytokine and serum; C: Control, cells grown in cytokine and serum-depleted media; APS: Angelica Sinensis Polysaccharide; TPO: Thrombopoietin. L: Ly294002. 
Treatment Group Percentage of Total Cell Population (%) Treatment Effect Group. 
Effects of various treatments on the apoptosis of M-07e cells detected by JC1 assay. 
A, B, C and D stand for treatment groups having significantly different treatment effects. N: Normal, cells cultured in the presence of cytokine and serum; C: Control, cells grown in cytokine and serum-depleted media; R1: early apoptotic cell; R2: late apoptotic cell; R1+R2: total apoptotic cell; APS: Angelica Sinensis Polysaccharide; TPO: Thrombopoietin. L: Ly294002. 
Treatment Group Percentage of Total Cell Population (%) Treatment Effect Group. 
Effects of various treatments on the apoptosis of M-07e cells detected by Caspase 3 assay. 
A, B, C and D stand for treatment groups having significantly different treatment effects. N: Normal, cells cultured in the presence of cytokine and serum; C: Control, cells grown in cytokine and serum-depleted media; APS: Angelica Sinensis Polysaccharide; TPO: Thrombopoietin. L: Ly294002. 
% Reduction in LDL Rosuvastatin Atorvastatin Simvastatin Fluvastatin Lovastatin Pravastatin. 
Rough equivalent doses of rosuvastatin. 
Abbreviation: LDL, low-density lipoprotein. 
Characteristic Treated group Placebo group. 
Baseline clinical data in the JUPITER trial. 
Notes: Interquartile range;. 
Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute definition or American Heart Association consensus criteria. 
Abbreviations: HbA1c, glycated hemoglobin; LDL, low-density lipoprotein. 
End point Patients in subgroup rosuvastatin (n = 8901) Patients in subgroup placebo (n = 8901) Hazard ratio (95% CI). 
JUPITER trial: comparison of outcomes between treated and nontreated patients. 
Notes: Primary end point: composite of nonfatal MI, nonfatal stroke, hospitalization for unstable angina, revascularization, and death from cardiovascular causes. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; MI, myocardial infarction. 
LDL cholesterol (mg/dL) and hs-CRP (mg/L) values Event rate Hazard ratio (95% CI). 
Cardiovascular events fell based on LDL cholesterol and on hs-CRP levels <2 mg/L. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; LDL, low-density lipoprotein; hs-CRP, high CRP. 
LDL cholesterol (mg/dL) and hs-CRP (mg/L) values Event rate Hazard ratio (95% CI). 
Cardiovascular events fell based on LDL cholesterol and on hs-CRP levels <1 mg/L. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; LDL, low-density lipoprotein; hs-CRP, high CRP. 
Risk level Event rate/100-person years, rosuvastatin 20 mg group Event rate/100-person years, placebo group Hazard ratio (95% CI). 
Event rates and hazard ratios for the primary end point correlated with estimated 10-year Framingham and Reynolds risk scores at baseline. 
Notes: Corresponds to estimated absolute risk difference between treated and placebo groups at 5 year of ?2.5 events/100 person-years;. 
Corresponds to estimated absolute risk difference between treated and placebo groups at 5 year of ?5.7 events/100 person-years. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; NNT, number needed to treat. 
End point Rosuvastatin group Placebo group Hazard ratio 95% CI P value. 
Components of the primary end point reached in the JUPITER study. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; CV, cardiovascular; MI, myocardial infarction. 
Coadministered drug and dosing regimen Rosuvastatin Dose (mg) a Change in AUC b Change in Cmax b. 
Effect of coadministered drugs on rosuvastatin systemic exposure. 
Notes: Single dose unless otherwise noted;. 
Mean ratio (with/without coadministered drug and no change = 1-fold) or % change (with/without coadministered drug and no change = 0%); symbols of ? and ? indicate the exposure increase and decrease, respectively;. 
Clinically significant. 
Abbreviations: AUC, area under the plasma concentration-time curve; Cmax, peak plasma concentration. 
Rosuvastatin dosage regimen Coadministered drug  Name and dose Change in AUC Change in Cmax. 
Effect of rosuvastatin coadministration with warfarin, digoxin, and an oral contraceptive. 
Abbreviations: AUC, area under the plasma concentration-time curve; Cmax, peak plasma concentration; EE, ethinyl estradiol; NG, norgestrel; R-warfarin and S-warfarin, referring to the stereoisomers. 
Protein Function. 
Some Mitochondrial Associated Cell Death Proteins. 
* Changes have been reported in human ALS (see below). 
+ A reported target of oxidative modification in mouse ALS (see below). 
Some Molecular Regulators of Apoptosis Relevant to Neurodegeneration and Potential Drug Targeting for Neuroprotection. 
Locus Inheritance Gene Protein Name/ Function. 
Mutant Genes Linked to Familial PD. 
Locus Inheritance Gene Protein Name/ Function. 
Mutant/Polymorphic Genes Linked to Familial ALS. 
Sample N Number of genes detected in right ventricle 1 Number genes upregulated 2 Number genes downregulated 2. 
Summary data. 
1. Passed filter. 
2. Statistically significant relative to controls. 
na = not applicable. 
Gene Name Map 22q11.2 del TOF Control RefSeq. 
Mean relative expression of genes1 on 22q11.2. 
1. Expression levels from microarray (fold change) relative to the normalized control values set at 1, mean (+/- sd). 
Genbank Gene Symbol Map Microarray QRT-PCR Pathway. 
Comparison of QRT-PCR validation and microarray mean relative values1. 
1. Expression level (fold change) relative to the normalized control values set at 1, mean (+/- sd). 
Inflammation mediated by chemokine and cytokine signalling pathways  Gene miR Binding Sites. 
Total RNA from either freshly isolated neutrophils or those in culture for 1 or 4 hours was prepared (purity 97.8%±0.26; apoptosis rates at 20 hours 73.55%±3.39; n?=?3) and were analysed for microRNA expression by microarray. Genes potentially regulated by the upregulated microRNAs were downloaded from www.miRecords.com , and compared with those genes shown to be regulated over time. Genes within both datasets that were potentially regulated by at least 2 of the 6 regulated microRNAs were selected and pathway analysis performed. Pathway analysis of the downregulated genes with at least 2 predicted microRNA binding sites at http://david.abcc.ncifcrf.gov/tools.jsp [35] , revealed a significant enrichment (EASE Score p<0.05) of genes involved regulation of inflammation mediated by chemokine and cytokine signalling, the Ras pathway, and the regulation of the actin cytoskeleton. 
Domain accession Domain name Domain description Occurrence. 
Candidate genes #Occurrence Family members with corresponding numbers. 
SNP type Counts. 
Number of repeats Dinucleotide repeats Trinucleotide repeats Tetranucleotide repeats. 
Wildtype Diabetes Wildtype Control G?11 Knockout Diabetes G?11 Knockout Control  n = 14 n = 10 n = 13 n = 13. 
Bodyweight and blood glucose levels of the animals at the end of the in vivo study. 
Data are means ± plusorminus SEM. 
* p < 0,05 vs. Control. 
Case number Sex Age Histopathological diagnosis TNM staging system American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) grouping system. 
Sex, age, histopathological diagnosis of malignant thyroid tumours in the studied patients. 
Case number Sex Age Histopathological diagnosis. 
Sex, age, histopathological diagnosis of benign thyroid lesions in the studied patients. 
Times and temperatures. 
Real-time PCR conditions for PIN1 gene amplification. 
Group No. of cases Mean RQ Range of RQ values. 
The expression level (RQ) of PIN1 gene, calculated by the ??CT method in the studied groups. 
PTC MTC FA NG. 
Statistical analysis of results - comparison of RQ value among the four studied groups (PTC, MTC, FA, NG). Newman-Keuls' test, p - level of significance. 
Primers Sequence (5'-3') Tm. 
PCR primer sequences and Tm used for the RT-PCR analysis. 
Model Characteristics Tumor histology Tumor location Incidence of cancer References. 
Summary of CAC in genetically engineered animal models of colitis. 
Abbreviations: CD, Crohn's disease; DKO, double knockout; GI, gastrointestinal; HNPCC, hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer; KO, knockout; RAG, recombination-activating gene: UC, ulcerative colitis. 
Models Animal species Treatment Duration Selected references. 
Summary of CAC in chemically induced colitis models. 
Abbreviations: AOM, azoxymethane; DMH, 1,2-dimethylhydrazine; IP, intraperitoneal. 
Gene Treatment Cycles Invasive carcinoma (%) References. 
Examples of CAC in genetically engineered mice with DSS treatment. 
Abbreviations: AOM, azoxymethane; APC adenomatous polyposis coli; DSS, dextran sulfate sodium; NOS, nitric oxide synthase; Brp39, breast regression protein 39. 
Compound HeLa SUM159 HCT-116 SKMEL-28 Panc-1. 
Effects of ERK targeted docking domain inhibitors on proliferation of cancer cell lines. 
Transformed cell lines from cervical (HeLa), breast (SUM159), colon (HCT-116), skin (SKMEL-28), or pancreatic (Panc-1) tissue were treated for 7 days with 100 ?M of the indicated test compound. The proliferation in treated cells is shown relative to control (DMSO only) following analysis using the colony formation assay. (-) ? 25%, (+) 25-75%, and (++) ?75% inhibition; ND, No data. 
76 76.2 76.3 76.4  HeLa TERT HeLa TERT HeLa TERT HeLa TERT. 
Effects of ERK targeted docking domain inhibitors on cell proliferation. 
HeLa or non-transformed retinal pigment epithelial cells that stably express human telomerase reverse transcriptase (TERT) were seeded at 250 cells/mL and then treated for 7 days with 25-100 uM of the indicated test compound. The proliferation in treated cells is shown as a percentage of control cells (DMSO only set at 100%) following analysis using the WST-1 assay. Data represent mean ± SEM from 3 experiments. * and # indicates statistical significance compared to untreated controls, p ? 0.05 and p ? 0.01, respectively. 
Cell line SKI protein levels Matrigel™ invasion Subcutaneous tumor growth in mice Bone metastases in mice. 
No correlation between SKI levels and melanoma cell invasion, tumor growth and metastasis in mice. 
Relative SKI protein levels in a series of cultured melanoma cell lines were determined by scanning densitometry of Western analyses. Values for subcutaneous tumor growth in mice represent tumor incidence at 40 days post-injection. Matrigel™ invasion results are presented as relative values compared to the 1205Lu cell line to which a value of 100 was given arbitrarily. Values for bone metastases in mice represent the incidence at 5 weeks post-inoculation of tumor cells. Details about experimental procedures may be found in [ 36 , 37 ]. N.D.: not determined. 
1205Lu clones SKI protein levels (Western blotting) Relative attenuation of TGF-?-dependent SMAD3/4-specific transcriptional response Matrigel™ invasion Subcutaneous tumor growth in mice Bone metastases in mice. 
SMAD7 overexpression alters 1205Lu melanoma cell tumorigenicity and metastatic potential without altering SKI levels. 
SKI protein levels in mock (pc) or SMAD7-overexpression 1205Lu cell populations (SMAD7a and SMAD7b) were determined by scanning densitometry of corresponding Western analyses. Matrigel™ invasion results are expressed as % of the values obtained with mock-transfected cells. Values for subcutaneous tumor growth in mice represent the average tumor volume 40 days after injection of tumor cells (mm3). Values for bone metastases in mice represent the ratio of mice bearing osteolytic bone metastases vs. total number of mice in each group at 5 weeks post-inoculation of tumor cells in 2 separate experiments. Details about experimental procedures may be found in [ 36 , 37 ]. nd: not detectable. 
Number (%) Mean (95% CI). 
Clinical and histopathological characteristics of a panel of human melanocytic lesions. 
Formaldehyde-fixed and paraffin-embedded nevi (n = 12), primary cutaneous melanomas (n = 37), cutaneous and lymph node metastases (n = 17 and 10, respectively) from adult patients from the pathology archives of the Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre were re-evaluated by an expert pathologist. Abbreviations: SSM, superficial spreading melanoma; NM: nodular melanoma; ALM: acral lentiginous melanoma. 
SKI expression    Absent Present p-Value. 
SKI detection in a panel of human melanocytic lesions. 
Abbreviations: SSM, superficial spreading melanoma; NM: nodular melanoma; ALM: acral lentiginous melanoma. a: binominal test; b: Mann-Whitney U; c: Pearson Chi-square; d: Fisher exact test. 
Host Pathogen Host-Pathogen. 
Integrated data for the Host-Pathogen interaction studies. 
PHI-base PHIDIAS NCBI Influenza db PIG IVDB Cytoscape BiologicalNetworks/HostPathogenDB. 
Comparison of BiologicalNetworks/HostPathogen database with public host-pathogen interaction resources. 
*Scalability to the number of integrated data sources. 
Gene name Gene ID Chr. no CGI region. 
Identified genes with altered methylation in zebrafish HCC. 
A. Genes identified as hypomethylated in HCC as measured by CGI-tiling array (1.5-fold less methylation in tumor samples than controls, P-value < 0.05). B. Genes identified as hypermethylated in HCC as measured by CGI-tiling array (1.5-fold more methylation in tumor samples than controls, P-value < 0.05). Full data is shown in Additional file 6 , Tables S2 and S3. 
Gene name Symbol Chr. no Expression level Methylation level Gene ID. 
Comparison of DNA methylation levels with gene expression levels. 
Genes with both significantly altered gene expression levels and DNA methylation levels (> 1.5 fold) (expression level: ? up regulated, ? down regulated; methylation level: ? hypermethylated, ? hypomethylated). 
GO ID Term No. of genes. 
List of biologic process for the up-expressed genes in SL1344 infection group relative to that of SB1117 infection group at 8 hr. 
GO ID Term No. of genes. 
List of biologic process for the down-expressed genes in SL1344 infection group relative to that of SB1117 infection group at 8 hr. 
GO ID Term No. of genes. 
List of biologic process for the up-expressed genes in SL1344 infection group relative to that of SB1117 infection group at 4 day s. 
GO ID Term No. of genes. 
List of biologic process for the down-expressed genes in SL1344 infection group relative to that of SB1117 infection group at 4 days. 
Ingenuity Canonical Pathways Up-regulated Molecules. 
Target pathway of up-regulated Genes in SL1344 vs SB1117 infection groups at 8 hours. 
Ingenuity Canonical Pathways Up-regulated Molecules. 
Target pathway of up-regulated genes in SL1344 vs SB1117 infection groups at 4 days. 
Models Pathways References. 
Summary of publications regarding the role for Salmonella AvrA in monolayers, drosophila, and mouse models. 
Gene Oligo name Accession number Sequence. 
Gene Accession number Primer sequence Fragment length Annealing Elongation Fluorescence. 
Gene Treatment Transcript abundance(relative units, mean ± SD) % of control. 
Gene expression was measured by quantitative real-time RT-PCR in HepG2 cells after treatment with 10 µg/ml cyclosporine (n?=?3, respectively) for 72 h. Furthermore, cells were treated in parallel with 10 µg/ml ACE inhibitor captopril (cyclosporine + captopril, 72h), or with cyclosporine for 72h and subsequently with 10 µg/ml captopril for 4 h (cyclosporine + captopril, 4h). Transcript abundance of HNF4?, AGT, and AGTR1 are determined relative to expression of mitATPase6, which served as a housekeeping gene. Data are given as relative units (mean ± SD). Furthermore, transcript abundance of HNF4?, AGT, and AGTR1 in untreated HepG2 cells was set to 100 and values for cyclosporine or cyclosporine/captopril treatment represent transcript abundance relative to the control. 
Gene name Oligo name Accession number bp relative to TSS a Sequence Matrix Score core/matrix. 
TSS ?=? transcription start site, NCBI GenBank Version Build 36.1 (hg18). 
Correlations n # r2 ** p-value. 
*The normalized RPA values after correction for ITC signal was used in the analysis. 
# The number of tumors (n) eligible for each analysis. 
The correlation coefficients (Pearson r) were calculated and expressed as r2. 
**Two-tailed p-value was determined and the correlation was considered statistically significant when p<0.03, shown in bold. 
Read mapping UM NUM. 
Sample UM NUM. 
Regression Coefficient Standard Error (SE) p-value Hazard Ratio. 
The influence VDAC1 and stage have on survival is evident from this figure with high VDAC1 expression inducing poor survival. VDAC1 is the most significant predictor of survival time with stage and pT also displaying predictive power. The age of the patient, their gender or whether the tumour was squamous or adenocarcinoma didn't have a large effect on overall survival time. 
Type III Sum of Squares F Sig. 
When dealing with time to recurrence VDAC1 expression was again shown to be the most significant variable at predicting time to recurrence. We found no significant relationship between recurrence and tumour type, gender or age. 
Ubquitination/chaparone RAS Signalling P53 Regulation Translation RNA binding. 
Any genes involved in the same processes are easily identifiable and overlap is evident. Ubiquitination is the most common known process shared by the significant genes; however RAS signalling and P53 regulation are also linked to 2 of the genes from the signature. 
Antitumor activity, IC50 (?M) *. 
Inhibitory concentration (IC50) of the Antp-TPR. 
* Results are the mean of three independent experiments each performed in triplicate.- indicates no effect. 
MDA-MB-231 G0/G1 (%) S (%) G2/M (%). 
The Cell Cycle Analysis of MDA-MB-231 Cells. 
* P < 0.05, ** P < 0.01, *** P < 0.001 compared to control. The data were obtained from three independent experiments and are presented as the mean ± SD. 
SKBr3 G0/G1 (%) S (%) G2/M (%). 
The Cell Cycle Analysis of SKBr3 Cells. 
* P < 0.05 compared to control. The data were obtained from three independent experiments and are presented as the mean ± SD. 
Trial Patients (n) Diagnosis (n) Treatment CR (%) PR (%) HI (%) Ref. 
Main trials using hypomethylating agents in MDS. Diagnosis are listed according to the F.A.B. Classification. CR also include marrow CR, according to modified IWG criteria (2006). 
Aza-SD (standard dose): azacitidine 75 mg/m2 daily, subcutaneously for 7 days every 28 days; BSC: best supportive care; convent. care: best supportive care, low-dose cytarabine, or intensive chemotherapy. DAC: Decitabine,. 
5 mg/m2 i.v. over 4 hours, every 8 hours for three days, every 6 weeks, for a maximum of 8 cycles. 
51 patients received Aza-SD at disease progression, after observation. 
Overall survival and time to AML transformation were significantly longer for the Aza-arm (21.5 versus 11.5 months, p= 0.0045, and 15 versus 10.1 months, p<0.0001, respectively). 
PFS was significanlt longer in the DAC-arm (0.55 versus 0.25 years, p=0.004), while time to AML or death were not significantly different in the two arms. 
Gene Probe (5?-3?) Forward primer (5?-3?) Reverse primer (5?-3?). 
Markers Involved pathway(s) Ref. 
A summary for colon cancer stem cell markers. 
Data set Samples Genes Classes Reference. 
Classifier Test Set 10-CV LOOCV. 
Gene Reference. 
Classifier 10-CV LOOCV. 
Classifier LOOCV. 
Classifier 10-CV LOOCV. 
Classifier 10-CV LOOCV. 
Classifier Test Set 10-CV LOOCV. 
Gene Reference. 
SH-SY-5Y SK-N-BE-2C   Standard (A.U.) fpg (A.U.) Standard (A.U.) fpg (A.U.). 
NB cells, transiently transfected with empty vector (EV) or PKC? plasmid, were treated with 1 mM BSO for 24 h. Where indicated, cells were pre-treated with 25 nM DPI for 30 min. DNA fragmentation (standard) and oxidation (fpg) were evaluated by comet test. The reported values derive from tail moment analyses. 
** p <0.01 vs EV CTR/fpg;. 
°° p <0.01 vs PKC? CTR standard;. 
p <0.05 vs EV + BSO;. 
p <0.01 vs EV + BSO;. 
p <0.01 vs PKC? CTR fpg;. 
p <0.01 vs PKC?+BSO. 
SH-SY-5Y  Standard (A.U.) fpg (A.U.). 
SH-SY-5Y cells, transiently transfected with empty vector (EV) or PKC? plasmid, were treated with 0.07 µM etoposide or 1 mM BSO for 24 h. Where indicated, cells were pre-treated with rottlerin for 30 min. DNA fragmentation (standard) and oxidation (fpg) were evaluated by comet test. The reported values derive from tail moment analyses. 
** p <0.01 vs EV CTR/fpg;. 
°° p <0.01 vs PKC? CTR standard;. 
p <0.01 vs EV + BSO/ETOPO;. 
p <0.01 vs EV ETOPO fpg;. 
p <0.01 vs PKC? CTR fpg;. 
p <0.01 vs PKC?+BSO/ETOPO. 
SH-SY-5Y SK-N-BE-2C   standard (A.U.) fpg (A.U.) Standard (A.U.) fpg (A.U.). 
NB cells, silenced for PKC?, were treated with 0.07 µM etoposide (SH-SY-5Y) and 1 mM BSO (SK-N-BE-2C) for 24 h. DNA fragmentation (standard) and oxidation (fpg) were evaluated by comet test. The reported values derive from tail moment analyses. 
** p <0.01 vs NoT CTR fpg;. 
p <0.01 vs NoT CTR standard;. 
p <0.01 vs NoT + ETOPO/BSO standard,. 
p <0.01 vs NoT ETOPO/BSO fpg. 
Characteristics Patients ( n ) Patients (%) Median survival (months) 5-Year survival (%) P. 
Prognostic clinicopathological variables as predictors for disease-specific survival in 249 nongastrointestinal stromal tumor soft-tissue sarcomas (univariate analyses; log-rank test). 
Abbreviations: NR: not reached; MPNST: malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor; NOS: not otherwise specified. 
Marker expression Total material Wide resection margins Nonwide resection margins Patients ( n ) Patients (%) Median survival (months) 5-Year survival (%) P Patients ( n ) Patients (%) Median survival (months) 5-Year survival (%) P Patients ( n ) Patients (%) Median survival (months) 5-Year survival (%) P. 
Tumor expression of PDGFs and PDGFRs and their prediction for disease-specific survival in patients with nongastrointestinal stromal tumor soft-tissue sarcoma in the total material (univariate analyses; log-rank test, n = 249) and in subgroups with wide and nonwide resection margins (univariate analyses; log-rank test, n = 108 and 141, resp.). 
Abbreviations: PDGF: platelet-derived growth factor; PDGFR: platelet-derived growth factor receptor; NR: not reached. 
Factor Hazard ratio 95% CI P. 
Result of the Cox regression analysis among all patients. 
*Overall significance as a prognostic factor. 
Factor Hazard ratio 95% CI P. 
Results of the Cox regression analysis among patients with wide resection margins. 
*Overall significance as a prognostic factor. Abbreviations: PDGF: platelet-derived growth factor. 
Gene ontology (GO) term No. of genes GO term identification P -value 1 Examples. 
Common functions of autism candidate genes identified by genome-wide association studies-noise reduction (GWAS-NR). 
INTERPRO term No. of genes INTERPRO identification P -value 1. 
Common binding domains of autism candidate genes identified by genome-wide association studies-noise reduction (GWAS-NR). 
Function Candidate gene (by lowest P -value). 
Autism candidate genes with known roles in neurite outgrowth and guidance. 
Function Candidate gene (by lowest P -value). 
Autism candidate genes with roles in synaptic function. 
Mutations Chromosome location Mutational frequency Pathogenetic relevance Prognostic relevance. 
Abbreviation: RAR, retinoic acid receptor. 
wild-type HGF tg prenatal HGF tg silent HGF ?-MHC-tTA  (n?=?11) (n?=?20) (n?=?6) (n?=?9) (n?=?6). 
Wild-type: littermate wild-type control; HGF tg: bitransgenic mice conceived in the absence of DOX; prenatal HGF tg: bitransgenic mice treated with DOX at birth and maintained in DOX thereafter; silent HGF and ?-MHC-tTA: littermate single transgenics. FS, fractional shortening; IVSTd, interventricular septum thickness in end diastole; LVEDD, left ventricle end diastolic diameter; PWTd, posterior wall thickness in end diastole; IVSTs, interventricular septum thickness in end systole; LVESD, left ventricle end systolic diameter; PWTs, posterior wall thickness in end systole; h/r, heart rate; HW, heart weight; BW, body weight; HW/BW, heart weight/body weight ratio. n.d., not determined. 
*p<0.005 versus wild-type (two-tailed T-test). 
Parameters No. of patients (%). 
Classification Spot No. Fold change p value Protein name Protein MW (kDa) Protein PI Protein score C.I.% Pep. count NCBInr accession number. 
Cellular Fraction Temperature(oC) ELISA(µg/mL) Immunoblot band intensity(arbitrary units). 
Biological Function Cytoplasmic fraction Cell wall fraction  30°C 37°C 40°C 30°C 37°C 40°C. 
Bold type represents a significant (p<0.05) increase in the specific protein category with increasing temperature. 
Italics represent a significant (p<0.05) decrease in the specific protein category with increasing temperature. 
X* indicates that no proteins within this category were detected. 
Subcellular fraction   Cytoplasm Cell wall   30 37 37/40 30 37 37/40. 
Bold type represents a significant (p<0.05) percentage increase with increasing temperature;. 
Italics represents a significant (p<0.05) percentage decrease with increasing temperature. 
Strain Relevant genotype Source or Reference. 
Strain Cytotoxicity in HeLa control cells Cytotoxicity in RACK1 RNAi cells. 
Percentage of Positive Cells Staining Intensity     1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4  N N N N N N N N  (%) (%) (%) (%) (%) (%) (%) (%). 
The percentage of positive cells and staining intensity of Bmi-1 expression related to clinicopathologic features. 
Four categories of the percentage of positive cells: 1: ?5%; 2: 6%-35%; 3: 36%-70%; 4: ?71% (40X). Four categories of the staining intensity: 1: negative; 2: weak; 3: moderate; 4: strong. 
Bmi-1 Expression ? 2 P-value      ?Low ?High    ?N (%) ?N (%)  . 
Difference of Bmi-1 expression between breast cancer tissues and adjacent non-cancerous tissues. 
Four categories of the percentage of positive cells: 1: ?5%; 2: 6%-35%; 3: 36%-70%; 4: ?71% (40X). Four categories of the staining intensity: 1: negative; 2: weak; 3: moderate; 4: strong. 
Final score = score of percentage of positive cells × score of staining intensity. If the final score was >4, Bmi-1 expression was considered high, otherwise, Bmi-1 expression was considered low. 
Bmi-1 Expression Total ? 2 P-value       Low High     N (%) N (%) N (%)  . 
Correlation between Bmi-1 expression and the clinicopathologic features of breast cancer. 
Four categories of the percentage of positive cells: 1: ?5%; 2: 6%-35%; 3: 36%-70%; 4: ?71% (40X). 
Four categories of the staining intensity: 1: negative; 2: weak; 3: moderate; 4: strong. 
Final score = score of percentage of positive cells × score of staining intensity. If the final score was >4, Bmi-1 expression was considered high, otherwise, Bmi-1 expression was considered low. 
RR 95% CI P-value. 
Univariate Cox-regression analysis of different prognostic parameters in patients. 
RR: Relative Risk; CI: Confidence Interval. 
RR 95% CI P- value. 
Multivariate Cox regression analysis of potential prognostic factors for breast cancer patients. 
RR: Relative Risk; CI: Confidence Interval. 
Disease Insulin signaling Serum FGF21 levels. 
Increased serum FGF21 levels in metabolic disease patients with insulin resistance. 
Pts1 Age2/ Primary 3 - PC Tt4 FAB5 Karyotype at diagnosis of t-AML FISH6 p-AML AML Allog.9 Survival>  Sex Cancer3 -     Type7 Tt8  12 month. 
1?=?patients. 2?=?age at diagnosis of AML. 3?=?Primary cancer; NHL: Follicular non hodgkin lymphoma, NSCLC: Non small cell lung cancer, VLSL: Villositary lymphocyte splenic lymphoma. 4?=?Primary cancer treatment; Alk: alkylating agent, RT: radiotherapy, AT II: anti-topoisomerase II, AM: anti-metabolite, brachy: brachytherapy, Clo: Chlorambucyl, Tax: taxane, Fluda: fludarabine, SP: platinium, Bleo: bleomycin, HT: hormonotherapy, INF: interferon, Rit: Rituximab, RT: Radiotherapy, TBI: Total Body Irradiation, Oncov: Oncovin, A: alkylating-agent-inducing type, T: anti-topoisomerase-inducing type, U: undetermined. 5?=?FAB classification: biph?=?biphenotypic. 6?=?FISH column: MLL WT?=?MLL Wild Type, MLL R?=?MLL rearranged, ND?=?Not Done. 7?=?Type of t-AML; A: alkylant induced, T anti-topoisomerase-induced. 8?=?AML treatment. 9?=?Allograft as treatment. 
This patient had secondary MDS for several years before the leukemia, with transitory partial monosomy 7, that had disappeared a year later, two years later the t-AML appeared. 
Patients Age1/ FAB Karyotype FISH Allograft Survival  Sex     duration >       12 months. 
1?=?age at diagnosis of AML. FAB column: FAB classification. FISH column: MLL WT?=?MLL Wild Type; MLL sep?=?MLL rearranged (separated); PML-RARA fus?=?fusion of PML and RARA gene; WCP?=?whole chromosome paint; ND?=?Not Done. 
Location Some CNV genes miRNA Germinal CNVs  . 
The CNVs are either lost or gained as indicated by a “?” or a “+”. Locations on chromosomes are described according to the ISCN 2009 with slight modifications: sequence numbers are included between <> and expressed in Mb, with a resolution of 10kb. Column 2: coding genes included in the CNVs: Column 3; miRNA genes included in the CNVs. 
Patients Gains Losses Revised karyotypes. 
Column 2 and 3: The CNA are either lost or gained as indicated by a “?” or a “+”; locations on chromosomes are described according to the ISCN 2009 with slight modifications: sequence numbers are included between <> and expressed in Mb, with a resolution of 10kb; linear ratios are written between brackets after an “×”; CNAs with a linear ratio >2 (low level of amplification) or losses <0.25 are labeled in bold and italics ; “*” indicates CNA that are probably part of a rearrangement of the immunoglobulin genes. They have not been included in the synthetic karyotypes because they could be considered as an acquired CNV which is characteristic of monoclonal proliferation. 
Column 4: In bold are new data or those modified by aCGH in the synthetic karyotypes; CNAs that were contiguous but whose ratios were not too different were fused to express overall chromosome abnormality for readability. 
Patients Gains Losses Revised karyotypes. 
Column 2 and 3: The CNA were either lost or gained as indicated by a “?” or a “+”; the locations on the chromosomes are described according to the ISCN 2009 with slight modifications: sequence numbers are included between <> and expressed in Mb, with a resolution of 10kb; linear ratios are written between brackets after an “×”; CNAs with a linear ratio >2 (low level of amplification) or losses <0.25 are labeled in bold and italics ; “*” indicates CNA that are probably part of a rearrangement of the immunoglobulin genes. They are not included in the synthetic karyotypes as they could be considered as an acquired CNV characteristic of monoclonal proliferation. 
Column 4: In bold are new data or those modified by aCGH in the synthetic karyotypes; CNAs that were contiguous but whose ratios were not too different were fused to express overall chromosome abnormality for readability. 
MCR (localization by aCGH) Patients Size (Mb) Possible genes t-AML   . 
Column 1, the location of the MCR that follows the rules of tables 4 and 5 ; the figures in brackets and in bold are the ratios of the amplified regions. Column 2, patients; the figures in bold indicate the smaller CNA. 
Patients MCR unic cases Size (Mb) Possible genes t-AML   . 
Column 2: The CNA were either lost or gained as indicated by a “?” or a “+”; the locations on chromosomes are described following the ISCN 2009 with slight modifications: sequence numbers are included between <> and expressed in Mb, with a resolution of 10kb; linear ratios are written between brackets after an “×”; chromosomes with a linear ratio >2 (low level of amplification) or losses <0.25 are labeled in bold and italics . 
Chromosome All p (%) t (%) consensus MCR References Genes abnormalities    location in Mb  . 
The first column lists the chromosomal losses and gains. The second lists the absolute number of each rearrangement (excluding a single rearrangement). The third and the fourth are the absolute numbers in p-AML and t-AML respectively and the percentage is indicated between parenthesis. The chromosomal location is listed. The references are indicated by letters: A [32] , B [33] , C [34] , D [18] , E [19] , F [28] , G [29] , H [30] , I [31] , J [20] , K present work. The last column lists the genes included in those MCR. 
Chromosome All p (%) t (%) consensus MCR References Genes abnormalities    location in Mb   GAINS      . 
The first column lists the chromosomal losses and gains. The second lists the absolute number of each rearrangement (excluding a single rearrangement). The third and the fourth are the absolute numbers in p-AML and t-AML respectively and the percentage is indicated between parenthesis. The chromosomal location is listed. The references are indicated by letters: A [32] , B [33] , C [34] , D [18] , E [19] , F [28] , G [29] , H [30] , I [31] , J [20] , K present work. The last column lists the genes included in those MCR. 
At 25°C % Eggshell phenotype *  Progenies # V3 ¥ V2 ¥ V1 ¥ Wt ¥ N. 
*The number shows percentage in each phenotype. 
The Egfr activity is correlated with morphology of dorsal appendage, two dorsal appendages indicate normal activity of Egfr (Wt), two dorsal appendages fused at the base indicate low level of Egfr activity (V1), one fused dorsal appendage indicates the lower level of Egfr activity (V2), and no appendage indicates the lowest level of Egfr activity (V3). 
EQ1-Gal4 -driven over-expression of each D-CblL or D-CblL-mPR transgenic line was ether in the wild-type background or in the heterozygous drk EOA mutant background. 
Hs83-D-cbl gene   2 copies 1 copy  Line ¶ Rescued ability (%) Rescued ability (%) V2 * (%) N. 
Each transgenic line was tested at 25°C. 
*V2 phenotype indicated V2 phenotype, which is one fused dorsal appendage. 
n.d.: non-detected. 
This transgenic line is homozygous lethal. 
% Eggshell phenotype  Genotypes V3 V2 V1 Wt N. 
The egg collection was done at 25°C, and expressions were driven by EQ1-Gal4 . 
The egg collection was done at two temperatures, 29°C and 32°C, and expressions were driven by GR1-Gal4 . 
Two copies of transgene driven by hsGal4 were induced at 37°C for 1 hour, and then eggs were collected at 25°C. 
% Phenotype of eggshell  Genotype ¶ V3/V2 * V1 * Wt * WtD * D1/D2 * N. 
*The eggshell pattern of Wt, V1, V2 and V3 were the same as that described in Table1 . WtD indicated extra dorsal appendage appeared in the dorsa-lateral region; D1 indicated two dorsal appendages appeared in lateral region, and the dorsal midline area was expanded. D2 indicated the dorsalized eggshell with dorsal appendage around anterior of egg. 
The egg collection was done at 29°C, and expressions were driven by EQ1-Gal4 . 
Genetic alteration Deregulated Cdk Reference. 
Oncogenes and inactive tumor suppressors and the G1 phase Cdk they may deregulate to signal centrosome amplification. 
Shared tumor-specific antigens (Cancer - testis antigens) MAGE, BAGE, GAGE, GnTV, NY-ESO-1, RAGE, TRP2-INT2. 
Human Tumor Antigens. 
IPR or AMP ESTs Description. 
The first 15 Identifiable Protein Features and 4 Anti Microbial Peptide precursors, listed according to the EST abundance in Mytibase. 
*, **: the paired cases examplify domains with overlapping architecture. See more on the protein signatures at http://www.ebi.ac.uk/interpro . 
INTERPRO MYTIBASE. 
Census of the Mytibase lectin-like transcripts (MGCs) by archetype IPRs. 
Each IPR can be referred to upstream- and downstream-related protein domains (e.g. IPR001304). 
Sampling time (hours post-injection) Number of differentially expressed genes FDR ?. 
Total number of differentially expressed genes (over? under?) in hemocytes sampled at 3 and 48 hours from mussels injected with live V. splendidus. 
False discovery rate (FDR) and delta value are also indicated (one class SAM, 16 replicates per time point). 
Characteristics Methylated (n) Unmethylated (n) P-value. 
Gene Symbol Gene Description GenbankAccession FoldChange ( * ) Gene Function    Down-Regulation cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration, adhesion, and angiogenesis. 
*Fold Change: ZIC1 versus control vector. 
Incidence of Oral papilloma Other papilloma manifestations. 
      IC 50 (n) Cell line type Cell line FGFR3 status/expression level PD173074 TKI-258 SU5402. 
Abbreviations: NHUC=normal human urothelial cell; TERT-NHUC=telomerase-immortalised NHUC. 
  PFS at 3 months PFS at 6 months Analyte ROC AUC 95% CI P -value ROC AUC 95% CI P -value. 
Abbreviations: AUC=area under the ROC curve; CI=confidence interval; IGF=insulin-like growth factor; fIGF-1=free insulin-like growth factor 1; IGFBP=insulin-like growth factor binding protein; IGF-IR=insulin-like growth factor type 1 receptor; PCF=paclitaxel and carboplatin in combination with figitumumab; PFS=progression-free survival; ROC=receiver operating characteristics. 
CTCF ER FOXA1 STAT1. 
Motifs identified by all compared methods in the selected PICS enriched regions. The number given between parenthesis is the E-value match to the corresponding JASPAR motif. 
Values represent means ± SD, n?=?12 animals per group. 
*p<0.05 versus values at 0 hrs. Ppeak, peak pressure; Pmean, mean pressure; PEEP, positive-end expiratory pressure. 
Genes Sequences (5'?3') Amplicon size (bp) Annealing temperature (°C) Accession No. or reference. 
Oligonucleotide primers used in this study. 
Recipient Mice* Number of mice Number with tumor p‡. 
Growth of UV-induced B cell tumors in immune-deficient but not wild type mice. 
* 2 × 106 tumor cells were injected into the subcutaneous space of the recipient mice. Tumor growth was monitored daily. Mice were sacrificed when the tumor volume exceeded 1 cm2. 
† 10 kJ/m2 UVB radiation, 3x per week for 12 weeks prior to tumor transplantation. 
‡ p values determined by Fisher's exact test comparing tumor growth in immune deficient Rag2-/- vs. growth in wild type or UV-irradiated wild type mice. 
TKI-resistance of BCR-ABL1 -positive cell lines. 
IC50 values for TKI imatinib, nilotinib and dasatinib were determined by [3H]-thymidine uptake 24 h after onset of incubation with varying concentrations of the individual inhibitors (bold: TKI-resistant cell lines). Note that imatinib-resistant cell lines were also resistant to second-generation inhibitors nilotinib and dasatinib. The BCR-ABL1 kinase domain of TKI-resistant cell lines was sequenced and found to be wild-type (wt). Expression of Ikaros splice variant 6 (Ik6) was determined by conventional PCR. BCR-ABL1 mRNA expression levels in cell lines with different breakpoints (b2-a2; e1-a2) were determined with quantitative real-time PCR. BCR-ABL1 expression of cell line JK-1 was set to 1 for b2-a2 positive cell lines; for e1-a2 positive cell lines, TOM-1 was the reference cell line. B-cell BC: B blast crisis; B lymph: B lymphoblastoid; T BC: T-cell blast crisis; M BC: myeloid blast crisis; mu: mutant; wt: wild-type; n.d.: not done. 
Effect of rapamycin on proliferation of BCR-ABL1 -positive cell lines. 
Proliferation was assessed applying the [3H]-thymidine incorporation assay. Stimulation index (SI) was determined setting uptake (cpm) of untreated cells to 1. Shown are results of three experiments, each done in triplicate. Cell cycle analysis was performed by flow cytometry with ethanol-fixed, PI stained cells. Experiments were performed in triplicates. Both assays were performed after 24 h with/without rapamycin (10 nM). 
siRNA experiments G0/G1 population (% ± S.D.) *. 
*Data were obtained from at least three independent experiments. 
** p <0.0001, determined by one-way ANOVA followed by Bonferroni post-hoc analysis. 
t-statistics b  Signatures/Pathways/Gene sets a V5- lac Z V5-MEK1cr V5-MEK2cr Reference c. 
The complete list of transcriptional signatures is presented in Table S1 . 
t-statistics were obtained from three independent microarray experiments, and the scores in MEK1cr-expressing cells have p values greater than 0.005. 
MSigDB Gene Sets: http://www.broadinstitute.org/gsea/msigdb/search.jsp ; GO (Gene Ontology): http://www.geneontology.org/ ; Cancer gene modules: http://robotics.stanford.edu/~erans/cancer/browse_by_modules.html . 
Gene Location Receptor Therapeutic application Ref. 
Physiological effects of the human FGF gene. 
Function Subfamily related to the function Target cell Ref. 
Functions of fibroblast growth factors. 
Target tissue Subfamily of FGF Materials/carriers In vivo / in vitro Animal/cell Functions/effects Ref. 
Tissue applications of fibroblast growth factors. 
Component (gene/protein) Protein function Defect in CRC Frequency Impact Prognostic Predictive (to anti-EGFR therapy). 
Components of the EGFR signaling pathway important in colorectal cancer. 
CRC: colorectal cancer; LOH: loss of heterozygosity; wt: wild-type. 
*Low % for high (>10 copies) amplification; higher % for low number of copies (3–5 copies). 
Gene of interest Accession number Forward primer (5' to 3') Reverse primer (5' to 3'). 
Primer sets used for qRT-PCR. 
Study Major findings. 
Summary of studies investigating physical exercise and telomere-related traits. 
VL: vastus lateralis; WBC: white blood cells; PBMC: peripheral blood mononuclear cells; PA: physical activity; BMI: body mass index; VWR: voluntary wheel running. 
Phase I Controls Cases. 
Disease aggressiveness was defined as extraprostatic extension (stage C/D) or high histologic grade (Gleason score ?8). 
Gene Study Cases/Controls ORhet(95%CI) b ORhom(95%CI) b ORallele(95%CI) b p2df ptrend rs number phase AA/AB/BB a AA/AB/BB a     . 
AA?=?homozygotes for the common allele; AB?=?heterozygotes; BB?=?homozygotes for the rare allele. 
Results of conditional logistic regression. ORhet?=?odds ratios for the heterozygotes vs. the homozygotes for the common allele; ORhom?=?odds ratios for the homozygotes for the rare allele vs. the homozygotes for the common allele; ORallele?=?odds ratios for an increase of one rare allele; 95%CI?=?95% confidence interval. 
For each SNP, the first line indicates results of the first phase, second line shows results of the replication phase, and third line indicates results of the joint analysis. 
GO Term GO Group % total genes/GO % regulated genes/GO p-value. 
% total genes/GO indicates the percentage of genes in the GO groups specified in the chicken genome. 
% regulated genes/GO indicates the percentage of genes in the specified GO groups that were present in the list of genes whose expression was perturbed in cells lacking Dot1L. 
Form 1 Form 2. 
Strain Tumor frequency a Litter size b Number of litters Productive matings (%) Relative fecundity. 
Ovarian tumor and reproductive phenotypes in selected mouse strains. 
a Refers to spontaneously arisen tumors in inbred mice. Data corresponds to the “highest reported tumor frequency” in all literature records collected in the Mouse Tumor Biology Database [ 9 ], ( http://tumor.informatics.jax.org/mtbwi/dynamicGrid.do;jessession=89370725979E9B939D3DD40AB4961BA5 ) for each strain/organ combination where organ=ovary. 
b Litter size, number of litters, and productive matings were taken from the Mouse Phenome Database [ 8 ] ( http://www.jax.org/phenome ). Data acquisition, curation and handling are described at http://phenome.jax.org/db/q?rtn=docs/aboutmpd . The parameter “relative fecundity” is derived form the other 3 reproductive parameters [ 5 ]. 
c Data of FVB strain was taken from Silver’s Mouse Genetics textbook [ 5 ]. 
Trait Correlated clones a Trait interactions b Direction and strength of correlation (R value range) c Gene expression shift (? log2 value range) d  OTF NL LS RF Positive Negative Positive Negative. 
Summary of correlation results between ovarian gene expression and phenotypes. 
a Number of clones resulting from a regression analysis with false discovery rate (FDR) control performed with the multiple test tool Pomelo (accessible at http://pomelo2.bioinfo.cnio.es/ ). For each trait, genes were filtered with an adjusted p<0.05 resulting in a total of 590 unique arrayed clones showing statistically significant correlation. Under this criterion, the trait “productive matings” did not show correlation. The number of clones exclusively correlated with the indicated trait is shown between parentheses. 
b Interactions correspond to the number of clones correlated with two or more traits as obtained with Boolean comparisons. 
c Pearson correlation coefficients (R) were calculated using gene expression log2 ratios as independent variable and each of phenotypic trait (see Table 1 ) as dependent variables. The observed range of R values for all correlated genes is shown between parentheses. 
d Gene expression ratios (log2) for the extreme trait values were subtracted (?) and then ranked. The highest and the lowest ratio difference are shown between parentheses. 
Contigs Average contig length Singlets Average singlet length Clusters Average cluster length. 
Summary of Coffea spp. cluster datasets. 
Full length CDS sequences 5'UTR length (median) CDS length (median) CDS length (mode) 3'UTR length (median). 
Evaluation of CDS, 5'UTR and 3'UTR of Coffea spp. 
Coffea arabica  . 
Predicted C. arabica and C. canephora gene comparisons. 
* Each coffee cluster was compared to all of the proteins from the organisms listed. The BLASTX score was defined as 1e-10. 
OrthoMCL family ID Coffea arabica Coffea canephora Vitis Vinifera Solanum lycopersicum Glycine max Ricinus communis Oryza sativa Arabidopsis thaliana Manual Annotation*. 
OrthoMCL analysis of C. arabica and C. canephora , highlighting prominent and specific families in Coffea spp. 
* Annotation based on BLASTX-NR (E-value 1e-5). 
Variables Cytoplasmic Skp2 Staining  Low staining High staining Total P †. 
*Sun-protected sites: trunk, arm, leg and feet; Sun-exposed sites: head and neck. 
?2 test. 
Comparison between all AJCC stages. 
Comparison between AJCC stage II, III and IV. 
Variable Patients (%) Overall survival Disease-specific survival   Deaths Death Rate HR (95% CI) P † Deaths Death Rate HR (95% CI) P †. 
*Sun-protected sites: trunk, arm, leg and feet; Sun-exposed sites: head and neck. 
Log-Rank test. Abbreviations: HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
Variables * Overall survival Disease-specific survival  ? † SE HR 95% CI P ‡ ? † SE HR 95% CI P ‡. 
*Coding of variables: Age was coded as 1 (?60 years) and 2 (>60 years). Sex was coded as 1 (male) and 2 (female). Thickness was coded as 1 (?2.00 mm) and 2 (>2.00 mm). Ulceration was coded as 1 (absent) and 2 (present). Location was coded as 1 (sun-protected) and 2 (sun-exposed). Cytoplasmic Skp2 was coded as 1 (low staining) and 2 (high staining). 
?: regression coefficient. 
Log-Rank test. 
Abbreviations: SE, standard error of ?; HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
  Dosage Administration method Animal number Animal body weight (g) Cancer weight (g) Inhibition Sample (mg?kg ?1 per day) Ig × 10qd Start/end Start/end X±s.d. efficiency. 
Compared with control, P <0.01. The difference is significant. 
  Dosage Administration method Animal number Animal body weight (g) Cancer weight (g) Inhibition Sample (mg?kg ?1 per day) Ig × 10qd Start/end Start/end X±s.d. efficiency. 
Compared with negative control, P <0.01. The difference is significant. 
  Dosage Administration method Animal number Animal body weight (g) Cancer weight (g) Inhibition Sample (mg?kg ?1 per day) Ig × 10qd Start/end Start/end X±s.d. efficiency. 
Compared with negative control, P <0.01. The difference is significant. 
PKN0 PKN1 PKN2 PKN3 Model ID PKN0 PKN1a PKN1i A B C D PKN3. 
PKN0: Initial PKN shown to be insufficient for fitting HepG2 data. 
PKN1: Extended PKN used to compare two expansion limitations; PKN1i was used for the majority of subsequent analysis. 
PKN2: PKNs used to determine mechanism of IL6-induced protein phosphorylation. 
PKN3: PKN further extended to model cytokine release. 
Hypothesis Evidence in cFL Models Evidence in data. 
PKN Assay to PI3K? IL6R to PI3K? IL6R to Ras? MSEIL6. 
A. Number of Genes B. AceView (GBM) C. DAVID (Glioma). 
( A ) To determine the statistical significance of selected genes, we counted the number of genes identified in each step of our analysis. ( B ) Utilizing a set of 93 genes that are implicated in GBMs as of Aceview we calculated the statistical significance of the overlap (numbers in parentheses) with a hypergeometric distribution. We found that the significance increased, applying the steps in our approach. ( C ) Calculating p-values with a modified Fisher's exact test, we obtained a similar result for a set of glioma genes as of DAVID as well. 
P-value Genes. 
Analyzing the enrichment in different functional gene sets provided by DAVID with a modified Fisher's exact test, we found that our final set of 128 causal genes was significantly overlapping with a set of glioma, cell cycle, p53 signaling and proteasome genes. 
GO biological process #. 
For each of 128 causal subnets, we determined the enrichment of biological processes as annotated in GO (corrected p-value <0.05, Boferroni corrected). Counting the number of occurrences of each process in the causal subnetworks, we listed the most specific GO annotated biological processes that appeared enriched in at least 2 subnetworks. 
Species G1/S S G2/M. 
Translational control of cyclins in the cell cycle. 
Group N(n=6) Group V(n=8) Group Olm-10 (n=8). 
Changes in histopathological, hemodynamic and echocardiographic parameters after 3 weeks of treatment with olmesartan in rats with or without EAM. 
Results are presented as the mean ± SEM. n, no. of rats. BW, body weight; HW, heart weight; HW/BW, ratio of heart weight to body weight; CVP, central venous pressure; SBP, systolic blood pressure; DBP, diastolic blood pressure; LVEDP, left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; {±} dP/dt, rate of intra-ventricular pressure rise and decline; HR, heart rate; LVDd, left ventricular dimension in diastole; LVDs, left ventricular dimension in systole; FS, fractional shortening; EF, ejection fraction; group N, aged matched untreated rats; group V, rats with heart failure treated with vehicle; group Olm-10, rats with heart failure treated with olmesartan 10 mg/(kg day), respectively; *P < 0.05 and **P < 0.01 vs. group N; #P < 0.05 and ##P < 0.01 vs. group V. 
Case Control Total p-value*   N (%) N (%) N (%). 
Subject characteristics. 
*All p-values are from Fisher’s Exact Tests except for the one for age, which is from a t-test. 
HGF and AREG serum levels in cases and controls. 
Association of patient characteristics with HGF, TGF? and AREG serum level. 
RAF inhibitor Chemical class Target Additional target Status n Clinical outcome Toxicity profile grade ?2. 
Abbreviations: HFS=hand-foot syndrome; NS=not significant; OS=overall survival; PFS=progression-free survival; RR=response rate; SCC=squamous cell carcinoma; SD=stable disease; ST=solid tumour. 
At the recommended phase-II dose level in melanoma subgroup. 
  Number of patients ( N ) Median PFS (months) P -value Median OS (months) P -value. 
Abbreviations: IFN- ? =interferon-alfa; NA=not applicable; NR=not reported; OS=overall survival; PFS=progression-free survival. 
P -values by pre-planned unstratified and stratified log-rank test, respectively. 
†Patients stratified into the poor-risk prognostic category on the basis of three of six risk features (five pre-defined Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Centre risk factors plus multiple sites of organ metastases). 
  Number of patients ( N ) Primary treatment Median PFS (months) P -value Median OS (months) P -value. 
Abbreviations: NA=not applicable; NR=not reported; OS=overall survival; PFS=progression-free survival. 
  Study design Median PFS (months) P -value Median OS (months) P -value. 
Abbreviations: NA=not applicable; NR=not reported; OS=overall survival; PFS=progression-free survival. 
Reported as time to progression. 
  Adenocarcinoma Squamous cell carcinoma. 
Antibody (lineage) Day 34 Day 105   Wild type (%) Rin1 ?/? (%) Wild type (%) Rin1 ?/? (%). 
CD45.2 wild type or Rin1?/? bone marrow samples were transplanted into lethally irradiated CD45.1 mice. After 34 or 105 days, flow cytometric analysis was performed on bone marrow, spleen and thymus cell suspensions. Data are presented as the percentage of single live donor cells (CD45.2+ 7AAD excluded). 
Channel Distribution in normal DRG Inflammatory pain Neuropathic pain Effect of manipulation on behavioral consequences Human disorders   mRNA Protein mRNA Protein Antisense/siRNA Knock out . 
Summary of sodium channel distribution and potential involvement in pain conditions. 
Abbreviations: CCI, chronic constrictive injury; CFA, complete Freund's adjuvant; CIP, channelopathy-associated insensitivity to pain; DRG, dorsal root ganglion; N/A, not applicable; PE, primary erythermalgia; PEPD, paroxysmal extreme pain disorder; SCI, spinal cord injury; SNA, sciatic nerve axotomy; SNI, spared nerve injury; SNL, spinal nerve ligation. 
Proteomics method Abbreviation Basic principle Biological Application Advantages Limitations. 
Overview of the most common proteomics technologies in the research of tumour invasion and metastasis. 
Type of cancer stem cells Cell surface markers. 
Representative cell surface markers for human cancer stem cells. 
Nutritional state Body weight Liver weight/100 g. 
Effects of various compounds on body weight gain and relative liver weight of 5-week-old female chickens1. 
1Feeding period was 4 weeks; Data expressed as means ± SD = 6 chickens per group. 
2The value of control group was an average of 3 control groups. 
3The diets of groups 8 - 12 were supplemented with ?-tocotrienol (50 ppm). 
a-gValues in columns not sharing a common superscript letter are significantly different at P < 0.05. 
# Nutritional state Histological analyses of chicken liver samples. 
Effects of ?-tocotrienol and various compounds on histological analyses of liver samples of 5-week-old female chickens1. 
1Feeding period was 4 wk; Data expressed as means ± SD = 6 chickens per group. 
2The diets of groups 8 - 12 were supplemented with ?-tocotrienol (50 ppm). 
Genes Up-regulated . 
Microarray analyses of RNA of livers of chicken after treatment with various compounds. 
?-T3 = ?-Tocotrienol; Quer. = Quercetin; Ribo = Riboflavin; (-) Co lac = (-) Corey lactone; Dexa = Dexamethasone. 
Genes down-regulated . 
Microarray analyses of RNA of livers of chickens after treatment with various compounds. 
?-T3 = ?-Tocotrienol; Quer. = Quercetin; Ribo = Riboflavin; Co lac = (-) Corey lactone; Dexa = Dexamethasone. 
Genes up-regulated by the first four lipid-lowering compounds and lipid-raising dexamethasone. 
Microarray analyses of RNA of livers of chickens after treatment with various compounds. 
?-T3 = ?-Tocotrienol; Quer. = Quercetin; Ribo = Riboflavin; Co lac = (-) Corey lactone; Dexa = Dexamethasone. 
Genes up-regulated by the first four lipid-lowering compounds,. 
Microarray analyses of RNA of livers of chickens after treatment with various compounds. 
?-T3 = ?-Tocotrienol; Quer. = Quercetin; Ribo = Riboflavin; Co lac = (-) Corey lactone; Dexa = Dexamethasone. 
Patient No Cell line Age/Sex T/N/M Stage CA19-9 (U/ml) Differentiation Tumori genicity Comments. 
Clinicopathological features of nine patients with intrahepatic cholangiocarcinomas used to generate CC cells lines. 
M, male; F, female; C. sinensis, clonorchis sinensis; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; WD, well differentiated; MD, moderately differentiated; PD, poorly differentiated. 
*International Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Association classification. 
Sample No Age/Sex Loca tion Size (cm) T N M Stage Gross appearance Differentiation Sub-class Comment. 
Clinicopathological features of 19 CC samples used for microarray analysis. 
HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; M, male; F, female; A, anterior segment; P, posterior segment; Med, medial segment; L, lateral segment; MF, mass forming type; PDI, periductal infiltrating type; IDG, intraductal growth type; WD, well differentiated; MD, moderately differentiated; PD, poorly differentiated; NA, not available. 
*International Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Association classification. 
Agent Mechanism Mode of Usage in HNSCC Significant Adverse Effects Reference. 
Current chemotherapeutic models in head and neck cancer. 
Agent Molecular target Phase/model of investigation in HNSCC Reference. 
Current molecular pathway based therapies in head and neck cancer. 
Gene Symbol Gene Title Fold decrease Gene onthology category. 
Downregulated genes in PM/PM versus wt thyroid at E18. 
41 genes are downregulated in PM/PM thyroid at E18 when compared to wild type. Genes were identified using Affymetrix mouse expression set U74Av2. Statistical significance of p-values ? 0.1 and fold change ? 2.0 were used as cutoffs for determining expression changes. Genes were categorized based on function determined by gene ontology (GO) term associations. 
Gene Symbol Gene Title Fold increase Gene onthology category. 
Upregulated genes in PM/PM versus wt thyroid at E18. 
32 genes were dupregulated in PM/PM thyroid at E18 when compared to wild type. Genes were identified using Affymetrix mouse expression set U74Av2. Statistical significance of p-values ? 0.1 and fold change ? 2.0 were used as cutoffs for determining expression changes. Genes were categorized based on function determined by gene ontology (GO) term associations. 
Chr Line2-T500 Line3-T200. 
Bold indicates amplification; Homozygous deletions hz are marked in bold and italic. 
Borderline alterations are given within paranthesis; "Pr" indicates Pronounced gain. 
Gene symbol  Location Locus  Gene name Chr. start-end (Mb) Link ID. 
Gene symbol Gene name Location Line2-T500 Line3-T200. 
*indicates genes validated by siRNA. 
Downregulated genes             Negative ALDH1A3 ANXA1  TLR4  SPIN3  SOCS3 RAB5A  . 
The PPP sensitivity ratio was calculated as fluorescence from wells treated with PPP to those treated without PPP. 
Statistical significance was calculated using the T test compared to the wells treated with negative control siRNA. 
? ?=? Trend in decreased tolerance to PPP, p<0.1; ?* ?=? Significant decreased tolerance to PPP, p<0.05. 
? ?=? Trend in increased tolerance to PPP, p<0.1; ?* ?=? Significant increased tolerance to PPP, p<0.05. 
NS ?=? No statistically significant change. 
*Plasmids SD Minimal Medium Mel-l (?-gal) in SD plates Mel-1 (?-gal) in SD broth**        -Leu/ -Trp -His/ -Leu/-Trp -Ade/-His/ -Leu/-Trp  . 
Interaction of Obg with stress related proteins in the yeast two-hybrid system. 
Abbreviations . SD, synthetic drop out medium; Ade, Adenine; His, Histidine; Leu, Leucine; Trp, Tryptophan; Mel-1, ?-galactosidase. 
*1-5 indicate plasmids cotransformed into yeast strain AH109 ( HIS3, ADE2, MEL1 ) (Clontech). 
**?-galactosidase (Mel-1) expressed as Mean ± SD milli units/A600. Plasmids are described in Table 3. 
Primer name Primer sequence Gene. 
List of primers used in this study. 
Underlined nucleotides indicate the restriction sites created in the primers. CATATG, NdeI and GGATCC, BamHI. 
Plasmid Description Reference/source. 
List of plasmids used in this study. 
Function Domain Residues Molecular and Cancer Implications. 
Summary of known PEAK1 functions. NT = not tested. 
shRNA TRC Identifier NM No. Sequence (5'?3'). 
IL-2R expression on CD4 T cells a   rs1893217 genotype  variable T/T (n=15) T/C (n=10) p value *. 
CD4 T cell phenotypes stratified by PTPN2rs1893217 genotype. 
Receptor expression was determined by flow cytometry gating on live CD3+CD4+ T cells. Level of expression was measured by MFI and normalized across samples using MESF beads. Average ± SD relative flouresence is shown. 
Protein expression was determined by Western blot. Average ± SD relative expression is shown. 
Frequency of T cell subsets was determined by flow cytometry. Average ± SD percentage is shown. 
Determined by two-sample student's t-test. 
Cell type PTPN2 exp Covariate 1 Beta 2 SE 95% CI p value Signficance 3 . 
Association of PTPN2 expression with PTPN2 rs1893217 genotype. 
Effect estimates were adjusted for gender where indicated. 
Beta is the estimate of the effect of the risk allele on PTPN2 expression using an additive model; SE is the corresponding standard error; and 95% CI is the 95% confidence interval for the effect estimate. The p values were calculated using a Wald z-test to determine if the effect is significantly different from zero. 
Significance levels were corrected for multiple comparisons of rs1893217 genotype with total, 45kD variant and 48 kD variant RNA levels using the Bonferroni correction (p= 0.05/# tests). 
Studies reporting that MSC promote tumor growth. 
Studies reporting that mesenchymal stem cells inhibit tumor growth. 
Proteins reported to be secreted by MSC. 
Summary of GO term classes enriched in SSH libraries of cadmium and phenanthrene responsive genes. 
Overview of differential qPCR assays and their importance and significances in the statistical analyses. 
¹ Collembase IDs can be found on http://www.collembase.org. 
² Important variable in partial least squares differential analysis (VIP); significance levels in two-way ANOVA followed by Bonferroni post hoc testing: ns P > 0.05; * P < 0.05; ** P < 0.01; *** P < 0.001. 
³ significance levels in two-way ANOVA followed by Bonferroni post hoc testing: ns P > 0.05; * P < 0.05; ** P < 0.01; *** P < 0.001. 
Ligand Apoptosis Apoptosis SBJ DP1 DP2  LD50(µM) LT50(h) IC50(µM) Ki (nM) Ki (nM). 
Apoptotic effects of 15d-PGJ2–related compounds were correlated to their affinities for DP1, DP2 and the specific binding sites for [3H]15d-PGJ2 (SBJ). LD50: The concentration of 15d-PGJ2–related compounds required to induce apoptosis in the half of neurons which were cultured for 24h in the absence of serum. LT50: The time of 10 µM 15d-PGJ2–related compounds required to induce apoptosis in the half of neurons which were cultured in the absence of serum. IC50: The concentration of 15d-PGJ2-related compounds required to inhibit half of the specific binding of [3H]15d-PGJ2 to SBJ. LD50, LT50 and IC50 were calculated from Yagami et al. [4] . These data on Ki: The Ki values of 15d-PGJ2-related compounds to DP1 and DP2 were referred from Sawyer et al [53] . 
No Protein Swiss-plot MW PI Score Matches Coverage. 
Spots that were excised from the gel show in Figure 7E were identified by tryptic digestion and MALDI-TOF MS. Shown are the spot number, name of the identified protein, the accession number in the SwissProt database, the theoretical molecular mass and isoelectric point, the probability based MOWSE score, the number of peptides matched according to the Mascot database, the percentage of the protein sequence that is covered by the identified peptides. 
Initial Score Protein Sequences Optimal Score   Identity. 
Homologies were determined with Lipman-Pearson searching algorithms using the Swiss-plot database. As query sequences, we used the amino acid sequences of the previous target proteins, in which the covalent binding sites of 15d-PGJ2 are identified: Cys374 of Actin ? (P60711) [50] , Cys269 of c-Jun (NP_068607) [51] , Cys184 of H-ras (NP_001091711) [20] , Cys179 of I?B-kinase ? (Q9QY78) [12] , Cys285 of PPAR? (NP_619725) [8] , Cys35 and Cys69 of thioredoxin (NP_446252) [52] . As subject sequences, we used the amino acid sequences of our target proteins. The listed sequences exhibited the highest score in the initial score, the optimal score and the identity. 
Age (weeks) 3–8 12–20 40–56 Total (all ages combined). 
WT, wild-type; Het, heterozygous; Homo, homozygous. 
Age (weeks) Genotype comparison p Age comparison p. 
Asterisks denote statistical significance with p<0.05. 
WT, wild-type; Het, heterozygous; Homo, homozygous. 
Age (months) Genotype Mw (kDa) Rh (nm) Mw (kDa) Rh (nm) Mw (kDa) Rh (nm). 
*Proteins from completely opaque 9-month-old homozygous mutant lenses were largely water-insoluble. The estimated molecular weight of the ?-crystallin fraction was >10×106. Most of the lens proteins did not go through the column filter (0.2-µm). The concentration of protein that went through the column was very low (0.128 mg/ml). Insufficient soluble protein made it difficult to accurately evaluate the Rh value from viscosity measurements. 
**Protein concentration of the homozygous lens proteins was too low for an accurate determination of Rh. Data for two independent sets of 4-month-old mutant lenses (group 1 and group 2) demonstrate minor differences between litters. 
WT, wild-type; Het, heterozygous; Homo, homozygous. 
List of tumor-associated antigens known within human brain cancers. 
Asterisk denotes potential tumor antigens described in [ 122 ]. 
Oxysterols Cancer Atherosclerosis Neurological diseases References. 
Oxysterol disease associations. 
Study Setting Treatment No. of patients ORR (%) mTTP (mos) mPFS (mos) mOS (mos). 
Clinical trials of antiEGFR monoclonal antibodies in metastatic CRC. 
*Statistically significant improvement. 
ORR: overall response rate; mTTP: median time to progression; mPFS: median progression-free survival; mOS: median overall survival; N.R.: not reported; 5-FU: 5-fluorouracil; BSC: best supportive care; FA: folinic acid; NS: not significant. 
Study Setting Treatment KRAS genotype No. of patients ORR (%) mPFS (mos) mOS (mos). 
Clinical trials with retrospective subset analyses of antiEGFR efficacy in relation to KRAS mutation status. 
*Statistically significant improvement. 
†Statistically significant improvement for the combination of cetuximab and irinotecan only. 
ORR: overall response rate; mPFS: median progression-free survival; mOS: median overall survival; N.R.: not reported; BSC: best supportive care. 
Modification Receptor Subtype Site Enzyme Physiological/pathophysiological impact References. 
Post-translational modifications of glutamate receptors . 
ND, not determined; IL1, intracellular loop 1; IL2, intracellular loop 2; CT, C-terminus. See text for other abbbreviations . 
Genotype Total females observed % females with ectopic veins only % females with blistered wings. 
corto mutants induce ectopic vein phenotypes and interact with blistered (bs) and rhomboïd (rho) during wing tissue differentiation. 
For all genotypes, the first allele was brought by the mother. Only female phenotypes are reported here, but similar results were obtained for males. Numbers of females with blistered wings in flies containing a corto mutation and the bs EY23316 or rho EP3704 allele were compared to those of flies containing the bs EY23316 or rho EP3704 allele only (Z-test, a p < 0.001). 
Genotype +/hs::Gal4 UAS::corto/hs::Gal4. 
Staged corto over-expression induced ectopic vein phenotypes mostly during late larval development. 
For all genotypes, the first allele was brought by the mother. Only female phenotypes are reported here, but similar results were obtained for males. The number of females with ectopic veins when heat-shock was applied between 96 h-120 h AEL was compared to the ones of females with ectopic veins obtained after heat-shock applied between 72 h-96 h AEL or 120 h-136 h AEL (Z-test, a p < 0.001). 
Genotype Total females observed % females with ectopic veins only % females with one blistered wing % females with two blistered wings. 
corto interacts with rolled (rl) and dMP1 during wing tissue differentiation. 
For all genotypes, the first allele was brought by the mother. Only female phenotypes are reported here, but similar results were obtained for males. Numbers of females with ectopic veins only or with two blistered wings among flies bearing a corto allele and over-expressing rl Sem were compared to the one of flies over-expressing rl Sem only. Numbers of females with ectopic veins among flies containing the UAS::dsMP1 transgene, the sd::Gal4 transgene and a corto mutation were compared to that of flies containing the UAS::dsMP1 and the sd::Gal4 transgenes only (Z-test, a p < 0.001; b p < 0.05). 
Species Before transfer H2O YPDA 2% glucose. 
Glucose addition does not trigger cell growth. 
Cells were grown for 7 d in YPDA and then transferred into the indicated medium. The cell volume was measured 2 h after transfer (mean volume, n = 50,000 cells ± SEM, two experiments). 
Cells were grown for 4 d in YPDA then transferred into the indicated medium. The cell length was measured 3 h after transfer (mean length ± SEM, n > 150, two experiments). 
Tissue type Number of cases EGFR Positive rate(%) P value        positive negative  . 
Comparing EGFR protein expression in neoplastic and normal tissue. 
*p < 0.05. 
Tissue type Number of cases EGFR Positive rate(%) P value        positive negative  . 
Comparing EGFR protein expression in neoplastic and paracancerous tissue. 
*p < 0.05. 
Clinical features EGFR Positive expression rate P value      positive negative  . 
EGFR expression and clinical characteristics. 
*p < 0.05. 
Tissue type Number of cases COX-2 Positive rate(%) P value        positive negative  . 
COX-2 expression in neoplastic and normal tissue. 
*p < 0.05. 
Tissue type Number of cases EGFR Positive rate(%) P value        positive negative  . 
COX-2 expression in tumor and paracancerous tissue. 
*p < 0.05. 
Clinical features EGFR Positive expression rate P value      - +  . 
COX-2 expression and correlation with clinical features. 
*p < 0.05. 
EGFR Total       negative positive . 
Correlation of EGFR and COX-2 protein expression. 
There was no significant relationship between COX-2 and EGFR. ?2 = 0.112, P = 0.555. 
S. cerevisiae Human C. elegans C. elegans *. 
* Nomenclature used in text and figures; modified from [28] . 
Embryo Lethality Sterility  20°C 25°C 20°C 25°C. 
* 82.9% had no embryos; 17.1% exhibited dead embryos in utero . 
Treatment/Control Ratio         KOG Class Protein ID Putative Function 25 ?M 50 ?M 100 ?M Subcellular Locations* Multiple Spots. 
Dose-dependent upregulated protein spots in response to Pb (II). 
*C; cytoplasmic, Ext; extracellular, Mit; mitochondrial, Nuc; Nuclear, Cysk; cytoskeleton, Cyto_nucl; cytoplasmic_nuclear. 
Treatment/Control Ratio         KOG Class Protein ID Putative Function 25 uM 50 uM 100 uM Subcellular location* Multiple spots. 
Dose-dependent downregulated protein spots in response to Pb (II). 
*C; cytoplasmic, Ext; extracellular, Mit; mitochondrial, Nuc; Nuclear, Cysk; cytoskeleton, Cyto_nucl; cytoplasmic_nuclear. 
Treatment/Control ratio   KOG class Protein ID Putative Function 1h 2h 4h 8h Subcellular location * Multiple spots. 
Time-dependent upregulated protein spots in response to Pb. 
*C; cytoplasmic, Ext; extracellular, Mit; mitochondrial, Nuc; Nuclear, Cysk; cytoskeleton, Cyto_nuc; cytoplasmic_nuclear. 
Treatment/control ratio         KOG Class Protein ID Putative Function 1h 2h 4h 8h Subcellular Location* Multiple spots. 
Time-dependent downregulated protein spots in response to Pb. 
*C; cytoplasmic, Ext; extracellular, Mit; mitochondrial, Nuc; Nuclear, Cysk; cytoskeleton, Cyto_nucl; cytoplasmic_nuclear. 
Gene Size (Bp) Sequence. 
Primer sequences used in reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). 
Abbreviations: MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; TGF-?, transforming growth factor-alpha; TGF-?1, transforming growth factor-beta1; Bp, base pair. 
Identity(%) zucp1 zucp2 zucp2l zucp4 zucp5. 
zucp1 zucp2 zucp2l zucp4 zucp5. 
CC, cerebellar crest; CCe, cerebellar corpus; CP, central posterior thalamic nucleus; DP, dorsal posterior thalamic nucleus; EG, granular eminence; Ha, habenula; LCa, caudal lobe of cerebellum; PGZ, periventricular gray zone of optic tectum; PPa, parvocellular preoptic nucleus; TL, longitudinal torus; TPp, periventricular nucleus of posterior tuberculum; Val, lateral division of valvula cerebelli; Vam, valvula crebelli; Vl, lateral nucleus of ventral telecephalic area; VM, ventromedial thalamic nucleus. 
p15 n (%)  Clusterin n (%) Intensity (%)  0–5 6–50 51–100  0–5 6–50 51–100 Tumor Types n    n   . 
Protein distribution differences between GH/PRL and gonadotroph tumors, p?=?0.0006 for p15, and p?=?0.0001 for clusterin (Wilcoxon Rank Sum Test). N/A- not available. 
Tumor type Upregulated miRNA Downregulated miRNA References. 
MicroRNA aberrant expression in cancer. 
CLL: chronic lymphocytic lymphoma. 
miRNA Up-regulated Down-regulated Study groups/methods References. 
Antecedent studies identified microRNA expression level change in head and neck cancer. 
MiRNA: microRNA; NPC: nasopharyngeal carcinoma; OC: oral cancer; HNSCC: head and neck squamous cell carcinoma; SCC: squamous cell carcinoma. 
microRNA Tumor sites or cell lines Physiological effects Potential target(s) Reference(s). 
miRNAs involved in tumorigenesis of HNSCC. 
N.D: not determined. 
Abbreviations: HNSCC: head and neck squamous cell carcinoma; OSCC: oral squamous cell carcinoma. NPC: nasopharyngeal carcinoma; TSCC: tongue squamous cell carcinoma; CSC: cancer stem cell. 
Potential microRNA as prognostic marker Type of abnormal expression Type of samples Reference(s). 
Potential miRNAs for prognosis in HNSCC. 
OSCC: oral squamous carcinoma cell; HNSCC: head and neck squamous carcinoma cells; TSCC: tongue squamous carcinoma cell; ESCC: esophageal squamous carcinoma cells. 
  DSC3 (M) DSC3 (U) P. 
Abbreviations: DSC3=desmocollin-3; M=methylated; N=unmethylated. 
  ?5 years >5 years P. 
Abbreviation: DSC3=desmocollin-3. * P -values are statistically significant. 
Cell type Spleen Liver Peritoneum Mesenteric lymph nodes Kidney Intestinal wall. 
Outcome measure Evidence Implications. 
Core evidence clinical impact summary for romidepsin in CTCL. 
HDAC family Class HDAC enzyme Location Substrate Targeted by HDACi?. 
Characteristics and classifications of different histone deacetylase enzymes. 
Abbreviations: HDAC, histone deacetylase; HDACi, histone deacetylase inhibitors. 
Patient number Age Diagnosis Previous treatment Adverse effects Outcome. 
Summary of patient characteristics and outcomes from a Phase I trial of four patients. 
Abbreviations: MRSA, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus; PR, partial response; CTCL, cutaneous T cell lymphoma; NOS, not otherwise specified; CR, complete response. 
Type of response Total n = 71 Response duration (months) Number %. 
Summary of responses from a Phase II trial. 
Note:. 
At least one patient with sustained response at time of report. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; NE, not evaluable. 
Type of response Patients Total n = 96 Early-stage disease (n = 28) Advanced-stage disease (n = 68) Number %. 
Summary of responses from a Phase II trial with Stage IB–IVA disease. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; NR, not reported; PD, progressive disease. 
Toxicity Percentage of patients Piekarz et al 28 (n = 71) Whittaker et al 29 , * (n = 96). 
Comparison of most common drug-related toxicities reported in two Phase II trials. 
Notes:. 
Nonserious side effects affecting less than 10% of patients not reported in this study;. 
13 of these patients experienced ageusia. 
Trial Interventional scenario Treatment Primary end point. 
Randomized trials with statins in percutaneous coronary intervention. This table is a summary of the 8 randomized trials (versus placebo or versus control groups) published with statins in individuals under PCI. All studies except Vaselka's have shown positive results for the use of statins prior to PCI. The results in individuals with elevated CRP before PCI (NAPLES II) and in individuals with ACS (ARMYDA-ACS y ARMYDA-RECAPTURE, ACS soubgroup), are particularly favorable. MI-PCI-A: Myocardial Infarction-PCI associated. MACE: Mayor Adverse Cardiovascular Events. MRI: Myocardial Reperfusion Indicators. 
Characteristic Healthy individuals (N = 102) Patients (N = 107). 
Demographic and baseline characteristics, serum levels of PGE2 from HBV patients and healthy individuals. 
Control OVX OVX + Ena OVX + Val. 
Basic parameters measured in control, OVX rat with and without chronic treatment with enalapril (OVX+Ena) or valsartan (OVX+Val) include body weight, blood pressure, heart weight and uterine weight. Plasma parameters include oestrogen and various lipids. Results are means±SEM of six animals. Statistical significance between (a) control versus OVX and (b) OVX versus treatment is indicated by * p<0.05, ** p<0.01, and *** p<0.001. 
Initial tone (g) pD2 Emax (%) n. 
Initial tension developed by phenylephrine, pD2 and Emax (%) for acetylcholine-induced relaxations in aortae from different groups. Results are means±SEM of 6–8 experiments. Statistical significance between (a) control versus OVX and (b) OVX versus acute or chronic treatment is indicated by *p<0.05, **p<0.01, and ***p<0.001. 
Enzymes Cancer species (cell line) Drug Resistance Reference. 
Targeting ceramide metabolic enzymes alters drug resistance in cancers. 
Patient Group Age Viral load (copies/ml) CD4 counts (cells/?l) CD8 counts (cells/?l). 
Patient clinical detail. 
V1-5: viremic patients on HAART; B1-5: aviremic patients on HAART; L1-4: long-term non-progressors. All the patients and seronegative controls are males. 
Plasma viral load was measured using the Quantiplex HIV RNA3.0 (Chiron bDNA) assay with a lower limit of detection of 50 HIV-1 copies/ml (Chiron Diagnostics, Halstead, United Kingdom). 
Differentially expressed genes CD4 CD8 CD4 and CD8    up down up down up down. 
Number of differentially expressed genes in pairwise comparisons for CD4+ and CD8+ T cells (fold change > 2 and B-statistic > 0). 
Up: up-regulation; down: down-regulation; vs: versus; CD4 and CD8: genes differentially expressed in both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in the same paired comparison. 
Gene Symbol Accesion No . Description Fwd Primer Fwd Primer Seq Rev Primer Rev Primer Seq Paired Comparison Cell Type FC qPCR FC MA. 
qPCR validation of differentially expressed genes. 
FC_qPCR: fold change by qPCR; FC_MA: fold change by microarray. 
FDR < 0.05 CD4 CD8 CD4 and CD8. 
Number of enriched gene sets in pairwise comparisons for CD4+ and CD8+ T cells using gene set enrichment analysis (at level of FDR < 0.05 and FDR < 0.1). 
Up: up-regulation; down: down-regulation; vs: versus; CD4 and CD8: gene sets enriched in both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in the same paired comparison. 
Gene set name VvsB_CD8 VvsB_CD4 VvL_CD8 VvL_CD4 BvsL_CD4. 
Enriched gene sets involved in energy production. 
The presence of curious gene groups photosynthesis, Type III secretion and flagellar assembly is due to the heavy overlapping genes between these pathways and OXPHOS pathway we have found significant in our study. For example, in the group comparison, VIR versus BDL in CD4 T cells, 53 core enrichment genes contributed to the enrichment of OXPHOS pathway and 10 core enrichment genes contributed to the flagellar assembly pathway. All these 10 core genes from flagellar assembly pathway ATP6V1D, ATP6V0D1, ATP6V1A, ATP6V0A1, ATP6V1B2, ATP6AP1, ATP6V1E1, ATP6V1H, ATP6V0B, and ATP6V1F are ALL present in the 53 core genes from OXPHOS pathway. In this overlapping situation, when you do Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA) using the gene set file (gmt file constructed by gene symbols downloaded from broad institute website), the flagellar pathway will appear together with OXPHOS pathway as the same gene symbol applies to different species and these 2 pathways do have a number of overlapping genes. It is common that at the level of pathway analysis, pathways with certain amount of overlapping genes will always appear together, just like flagellar assembly showed up with the OXPHOS. Our results just reflected the true output from GSEA analysis. We leave them there but at the bottom of the aerobic metabolism category with the consideration that it reflects the same biological theme related to ATP production even though from different species. 
VvsB_CD8: Gene sets enriched in the VIR group in the comparison of VIR versus BDL in CD8+ T cells. 
VvsB_CD4: Gene sets enriched in the VIR group in the comparison of VIR versus BDL in CD4+ T cells. 
VvL_CD8: Gene sets enriched in the VIR group in the comparison of VIR versus LTNP in CD8+ T cells. 
VvL_CD4: Gene sets enriched in the VIR group in the comparison of VIR versus LTNP in CD4+ T cells. 
BvsL_CD4: Gene sets enriched in the BDL group in the comparison of BDL versus LTNP in CD4+ T cells. 
Gene sets significantly enriched are marked by the number 0.05 or 0.1 in the corresponding paired comparisons 0.05: FDR < or = 0.05; 0.1: FDR < or = 0.1. 
Gene set information could be searched at the website http://www.broad.mit.edu/gsea/msigdb/search.jsp. 
Gene set name VvsB_CD8 VvsB_CD4 VvL_CD8 VvL_CD4 BvsL_CD4. 
Enriched gene sets other than involved in energy production. 
VvsB_CD8: Gene sets enriched in the VIR group in the comparison of VIR versus BDL in CD8+ T cells. 
VvsB_CD4: Gene sets enriched in the VIR group in the comparison of VIR versus BDL in CD4+ T cells. 
VvL_CD8: Gene sets enriched in the VIR group in the comparison of VIR versus LTNP in CD8+ T cells. 
VvL_CD4: Gene sets enriched in the VIR group in the comparison of VIR versus LTNP in CD4+ T cells. 
BvsL_CD4: Gene sets enriched in the BDL group in the comparison of BDL versus LTNP in CD4+ T cells. 
Gene sets significantly enriched are marked by the number 0.05 or 0.1 in the corresponding paired comparisons 0.05: FDR < or = 0.05; 0.1: FDR < or = 0.1. 
Gene set information could be searched at the website http://www.broad.mit.edu/gsea/msigdb/search.jsp. 
Gene set name Gene set size NES NOM p-val FDR. 
Enriched pathways in CD4+ T cells from the LTNP group (BDL versus LTNP). 
Gene set size: number of genes in a particular gene set; NES: normalized enrichment score;. 
NOM p-val: nominal p value; FDR: false discovery rate. 
Gene set information could be searched at the website http://www.broad.mit.edu/gsea/msigdb/search.jsp. 
Detailed subtypes Pathway(s) Key gene /biomarker(s) Diagnostic technologies Potentially relevant therapeutics. 
Detailed subtypes Pathway(s) Key gene /biomarker(s) Diagnostic technologies Potentially relevant therapeutics. 
No. of patients Treatment outcome c-KIT aberration. 
Type Gene Cellular function Affected in PDAC. 
Most commonly affected genes in PDAC. 
Regulatory pathway Affected genes. 
The 12 commonly affected signaling pathways in PDAC accompanied by the most commonly affected genes from these pathways. 
Syndrome Affected gene(s) Relative risk of PDAC. 
Hereditary syndromes associated with an increased risk of PDAC development. 
Domain Name DDIs P-value. 
The first two columns are Pfam domain ID and name. The third column is the number of involved domain-domain interactions of each domain within gene signatures against the whole genome and then compared it to that expected by chance using Z-test (P-value in the fourth column). 
Area of minimal enclosing ellipse (?m 2 )    HP1? BMI1 TRF1. 
Area of heterochromatin protein 1? (HP1?), B lymphoma Mo-MLV insertion region 1 (BMI1), and telomeric-repeat binding factor 1 (TRF1) foci. 
Mean values ± standard deviations were calculated for all foci found in one living cell. Number of foci analysed is shown in brackets. Central foci were positioned in <60% of nuclear radius, as peripheral foci were considered those located at >60% the nuclear radius. TSA = trichostatin A. 
Average velocity (?m/s)    HP1? BMI1 TRF1. 
Average velocity of heterochromatin protein 1? (HP1?), B lymphoma Mo-MLV insertion region 1 (BMI1), and telomeric-repeat binding factor 1 (TRF1) foci. 
NA indicates that it was not possible to recognise centrally positioned foci using automated computer analysis. 
TSA = trichostatin A. 
Foci Diffusion coefficient D (10 -4 ?m 2 /s)    HP1? BMI1 TRF1. 
Diffusion coefficient of heterochromatin protein 1? (HP1?), B lymphoma Mo-MLV insertion region 1 (BMI1), and telomeric-repeat binding factor 1 (TRF1) foci. 
TSA = trichostatin A. 
Accession number Description Matched peptides Coverage (%). 
Protein identification in Bcl-2 immunocomplexes by LTQ-Orbitrap analysis. 
Bcl-2 was immunoprecipitated with a pool of anti-Bcl-2 antibodies from 1 mg of highly purified mitochondrial extracts isolated from human HCT116 cells. Negative control IP was performed using isotype-matched nonrelevant antibodies. Immunocaptured proteins from both IPs were subjected to MS analysis. Proteins that are common between Bcl-2 and control IP are subtracted to select for a set of proteins that specifically interact with Bcl-2. A total of 127 unique proteins were identified from two independent experiments, pooled, and classified according to their cellular localization using the DAVID database bioinformatics resource. 
m/z Charge Experimental mass Theoretical mass Mass difference Sequence Position in the protein sequence. 
Identification of Gal7 by LTQ Orbitrap mass fingerprint and database search. 
Peptide masses determined by LTQ-Orbitrap analysis of the tryptic digest of Gal7 are compared with the theoretical mass resulting from the Swiss-Prot database search. Corresponding mass differences, peptides sequences, and position in the protein sequence are indicated. The matched peptides cover 77% of the protein sequence. 
Strain Mean age (days) at VO (mean +/? SD) N P vs WT (VO) Body weight (g) at VO (mean +/? SD). 
Mean age and body weight at time of VO are increased in Lin28a Tg mice. 
Forward Reverse Accession numbers Genes   . 
Primer sequences used for quantitative PCR analysis. 
Probe sets Annotated genes Upregulated Downregulated Treatment    . 
Numbers of differentially regulated probe sets and annotated genes differentially regulated in each group. 
Regulated by I/R Not regulated by I/R Treatment  . 
Number of genes in each treatment group that are regulated by ischaemia/reperfusion. 
qPCR Microarray Genes  . 
Comparison of fold changes obtained by microarray and qPCR. 
Symbol Gene title Fold change P value AffylD    . 
List of differentially expressed genes following urocortin 1 treatment during ischaemia/reperfusion injury. 
Symbol Gene title Fold change P value AffyID    . 
List of differentially expressed genes following urocortin 2 treatment during ischaemia/reperfusion injury. 
Gene name Pathway component Fold change. 
Members of the hypoxia response and VEGF signalling pathways showing a significant difference in expression between biopsies of patients with post-bioptically stable and progressive chronic kidney disease (positive number: increased expression in patients with a progressive loss of renal function after biopsy when compared to stable subjects and negative number: decreased expression) (adapted from reference [ 1 ]); eNOS, endothelial nitric oxide synthase; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; ERK, extracellular regulated kinase. 
Gene(s) Syndrome Inheritance Lifetime CRC risk. 
Major CRC genes and syndromes. 
Gene or locus Type of study Comment. 
Some of the genes or loci associated with CRC risk (see the text for details). 
Chromosome loss Chromosome gain References. 
The most frequent aberrations found in CRC (see the text for details). 
Genes involved in CRC Gene functions and epigenetic changes. 
Epigenetic alterations in colorectal cancer. 
Genetic and environmental factors Epigenetic changes in CRC. 
Genetics and environmental factors linked to epigenetic changes in CRC. 
Common Gene Conditions TFBMs . 
Attention is drawn to two very important transcription factors YY1 and NF?B. It appeared that down-regulated genes in T1-Grade II and up-regulated in T1-Grade III are commonly regulated by YY1. Also, common DE genes between T1-Grade III and T2- pT3-Grade III appear to have transcription factor NF?B as a common denominator. 
TFBM Inc. Gene IDs and Names. 
Pathway Genes  Average expression . 
Four genes ( ACTC1 , TPM2 , LHCGR , TACR3 ) appeared to participate in 8 different pathways. 
SNP ID (Affy.) dbSNP ID (rs number) Chr. location Alleles Minor allele in NCI60 panel (number of alleles * ) Minor allele frequency in resistant cell lines (number of alleles * ) Minor allele frequency in sensitive cell lines (number of alleles * ) CHISQ Unadjusted p value Odds ratio Lower confidence interval (95) Upper confidence interval (95) FDR_BH Genomic location. 
Genome wide association test results for Simvastatin. n/a: not applicable, as the minor allele frequency of the alleles in one group (the resistant cell line group) is 0, these calculations cannot be performed. 
*Please note that the number of alleles may differ in each marker due to missing genotypes in the panel. 
SNP ID (Affy.) dbSNP ID (rs number) Chr. location Alleles Minor allele in NCI60 panel (number of alleles * ) Minor allele frequency in resistant cell lines (number of alleles * ) Minor allele frequency in sensitive cell lines (number of alleles * ) CHISQ Unadjusted p value Odds ratio Lower confidence interval (95) Upper confidence interval (95) FDR_BH Genomic location. 
Genome wide association test results for Lovastatin. n/a: not applicable, as the minor allele frequency of the alleles in one group (the resistant cell line group) is 0, these calculations cannot be performed. 
*Please note that the number of alleles may differ in each marker due to missing genotypes in the panel. 
Drug Gene (Entrez Gene ID) GO Biological Processes GO Molecular Function GO Cellular Component. 
Gene IDs are obtained from the Entrez Gene resource. 
( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sites/entrez?db=gene ) of the NCBI. The biological processes, molecular functions, and cellular component information is obtained from the Gene Ontology (GO) database [44] . 
Subjects (n) 30 *. 
*30 TCCs and 30 adjacent normal tissue. 
NS, non-smoker; FS, former smoker; S, smoker. 
Exposure to chemicals, paints, pesticides, petroleum, ink, etc. 
Gene name Mean expression ± SD in BC (median value) Mean expression ± SD in Normal Tissue (median value) p value *. 
*Mann-Whitney U test. 
Gene Name Reference Sequence Preingression Vs. Lateral Epiblast Preingression Epiblast + SU5402 (FGFR) Preingression Epiblast + U0126 (MAPK) Preingression Epiblast + LY294002 (PI3K). 
Summary of Changes in Regulatory Gene Expression. 
U: Gene Expression Increased. D: Gene Expressed Reduced. NC: No Change. ND: Not determined. 
Superscripts: Result Confirmed by: 1. Microarray; 2. PCR; 3. In Situ Hybridization. 
Ras/Raf kinase/Extracellular Signal-Regulated Kinase (ERK) Pathway * mTORC2 Pathway * STAT3 Pathway Nestin. 
*Maximum scoring intensity graded on a scale of 0 (no signal) to 3+ (high intensity). 
**Percentage of positive tumoral nuclei. 
Type of measurement Definition DIV NTG G2019S. 
* P <0.02,. 
** P <0.001 versus NTG. Abbreviations: DIV, days in vitro; NTG, non-transgenic; Av., average. 
Chemopreventive preclinical studies performed in the AOM/DSS model. 
Characteristic Patients (n = 107)  No. (%). 
Patient characteristics. 
Legend; NA (not assessed), PR, partial response; SD, stable disease, PD progressive disease, * clinical progression (at investigators discretion) in patients who were treated with less than 3 series and consequently not evaluated according to RECIST. 
Response Disease Median PFS Median OS. 
Outcome according to marker status. 
*Any of the three mutations detected in primary tumour or metastatic tissue. 
# In a few cases DNA was not available for testing of all three mutations. 
Response and disease control rates calculated by chi-square test. 
Progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) calculated by log-rank test. 
Patient KRAS mutations BRAF mutations PIK3CA mutations. 
Distribution of the different mutations. 
*KRAS mutational status assessed in external institution, but not specified. 
**The DxS assay does not discriminate between the E545K and E545D mutation. 
5' STEMP Loop STEMP. 
Human HDL miRNAs Normal Familial Hypercholesterolemia Normalized Abundance  Top Ten   Top Ten  miRNA (+/?SD) P/A miRNA (+/?SD) P/A. 
Human and mouse HDL-miRNA signatures in health and atherosclerosis. 
Italicized n.s .; P/A, number of individual profiles specific miRNA is present in top ten ranking / total arrays; SD, standard deviation. 
Pathway/process Drosophila model Interacting genes/toxins References. 
Signaling pathways and molecular processes involved in PD pathogenesis that have been identified by using Drosophila PD models. 
Pathway/process Compound treatment* Drosophila model Modified phenotype/s References. 
Potentially therapeutic compounds able to modify different phenotypes in the Drosophila PD models. 
*All treatments were administered as dietary complement. 
Class I mutations: Providing cellular proliferative and/or survival advantage Class II mutations: Impairing cellular differentiation Unclassified mutations:. 
A list of class I, class II and unclassified mutations. 
Author Target Responsible signaling pathway Mechanisms of the action. 
Inhibition of transcription factor functions by FLT3-ITD. 
Extracellular/blood insulin Intracellular IDE activity Intracellular insulin Intracellular insulin-RB heterodimers Cell proliferation. 
The „IDE switch": a) surges (particularly those of a pathological nature) in the extracellular/blood level of insulin and b) defects in the activity of intracellular IDE are functionally equivalent to one another in that they both lead to an increase in intracellular insulin, the former through augmented insulin internalization [ 31 ] and the latter through decreased insulin degradation. 
*i.e. hyperinsulinemia. 
As a result, elevated intracellular insulin stimulates cell proliferation by binding and thereby inactivating the RB tumor suppressor, both in neoplastic diseases and in aging-related morbidities such as Syndrome X or, respectively, the metabolic syndrome which includes various clinical manifestations such as hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, obesity, type 2 diabetes and hypertension [ 32 ]. Interestingly, this model is supported by experimental data revealing increased intracellular insulin concentrations in monocytes from obese patients and obese diabetic patients vs. those from normal subjects [ 33 ]. 
Ta (%) (n?=?54) T1 (%) (n?=?36) ?T2 (%) (n?=?54) G1/G2 (%) (n?=?68) G3 (%) (n?=?77) Total (n?=?145) Total (%) Extended (n?=?218). 
Pathway Genes. 
Genes Silenced by Promoter Hypermethylation. 
APAF1 , apoptosis-associated factor 1; APC , adenomatous polyposis coli; AR , androgen receptor; BRCA1 , breast carcinoma 1; DAPK1 , death-associated protein kinase 1; ER , estrogene receptor; GSTP1 , glutathione-S-transferase P1; HIC1 , hypermethylated in cancer 1; O 6-MGMT , O 6 -methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase; PR , progesterone receptor; PRLR , prolactin receptor; RAR? , retinoic acid receptor beta; RASSF1A , RAS-associated-domain family protein 1A; Rb , retinoblastoma; SFRP1 , secreted frizzled-related protein 1; SOCS-1 , suppressor of cytosine signaling-1; THBS-1 , thrombospondin-1; TIMP-3 , tissue inhibitor of metallopreoteinase 3; VHL , von Hippel-Lindau. 
Negative(?) Weak(+) Moderate(++) Strong(+++) P. 
Note: Ca-gastric cancer tissue; N-matched adjacent normal stomach tissue. 
The expression of myosin IIA is higher in primary gastric cancer tissue compared with matched adjacent normal stomach tissue (P<0.05). 
Negative(?) Weak(+) Moderate(++) Strong(+++) P. 
Note: Ca-gastric cancer tissue; M-matched lymph node metastasis. 
The expression of myosin IIA is higher in lymph node metastasis compared with primary gastric cancer tissue (P<0.05). 
Gene Primers (forward/reverse) Annealing Temp (°C). 
Primer pairs used for RT-PCR. 
Pathological diagnosis Total number p62 and Keap1 double-positive lesions Percentage. 
Presence of Keap1 and p62 double-positive aggregates in human liver diseases. 
Animal Model Approach Number of Gene(s) with Affected mRNA Expression Ref. 
An Overview of Schizophrenia Animal Models Used in Microarray Studies. 
PTEN mutations in exons 7 and 8  Mutations in adenocarcinomas Mutations in adenomas Total. 
The type and distribution of mutations in PTEN exons 7 and 8 and PIK3CA exons 8, 9 and 20 in 186 adenocarcinoma and 16 adenoma samples available from EPIC Norfolk. 
*These two mutations were observed in the same adenocarcinoma. 
PTEN expression status PIK3CA mutation status Characteristic Positive Negative P ‡ Wildtype Mutant P ‡  n = 112 † n = 60 †  n = 172 † n = 13 † . 
Clinicopathological and lifestyle characteristics of colorectal cancer cases by stratified PTEN expression and PIK3CA mutation status. 
‡P values determined by ?2 test or Fisher's exact test when one or more expected values were less than 5 (denoted by FET). *: ANOVA tests used to calculate p-values. Results presented as % (n) or mean (±SD). HRT: hormone replacement therapy. MSI: Microsatellite instability. MSS: Microsatellite stable. † Not all individuals had data for each variable, in these cases these individuals were omitted from the test. PTEN expression data were available for 172 cases. For HRT testing only females were analysed. 
PTEN expression status Dietary factor Positive n = 112 Negative n = 60 P ‡. 
Dietary intakes stratified by PTEN expression. 
‡P values determined by ANOVA. Results presented as mean (±SD). PUFA: polyunsaturated fatty acid. MUFA: monounsaturated fatty acid. SFA: saturated fatty acid. NSP: non-starch polysaccharide. PTEN expression data were available for 172 cases. 
PTEN expression negative colorectal adenocarcinomas Characteristic Dukes' stage A/B n = 29 † Dukes' stage C/D n = 23 † P ‡ Proximal colonic n = 24 † Distal colonic/Rectal n = 32 † P ‡. 
Clinicopathological and lifestyle characteristics of PTEN expression negative colorectal cancers stratified by Dukes' stage and colorectal location. 
‡P values determined by ?2 test or Fisher's exact test when one or more expected values were less than 5 (denoted by FET). *: ANOVA tests used to calculate p-values. Results presented as % (n) or mean (±SD). HRT: hormone replacement therapy. MSI: Microsatellite instability. MSS: Microsatellite stable. † Not all individuals had data for each variable, in these cases these individuals were omitted from the test. HRT status was not analysed due to the low numbers of cases available for testing. a Testing of Dukes' stage in relation to cancer location in the bowel is presented once per test set. 
BRAF mutant BRAF wildtype  K-RAS mutant 3.4 (1) 25.5 (40)  K-RAS wildtype 96.6 (28) 74.5 (117) p = 0.009. 
The distribution of PTEN , PIK3CA , BRAF and K-RAS mutations and loss of PTEN expression in the 186 adenocarcinomas available from EPIC Norfolk. 
P values determined by ?2 test or Fisher's exact test when one or more expected values were less than 5 (denoted by FET). Results presented as % (n). PTEN expression data were not available for 12/186 colorectal adenocarcinomas: these cases were omitted from testing. 
Univariate Analysis Multivariate Analysis SNP Chr. Position (Kb) MAF H-W P-Value Minor Allele Function Nearest Gene Beta (ng/mL) P-Value Beta (ng/mL) P-Value. 
Haplotype Frequency Beta (ng/mL) rs1799969 rs1801714 rs5498 rs281437 rs11575074  . 
Omnibus (5df) P-value <10?300. 
SNP Nearest Gene Minor Allele in WGHS Allele Frequency Effect (log-sICAM-1) Standard Error P-value (one sided). 
*The NFKBIB SNP rs3136642 reported in WGHS was not available in CHARGE. Consequently, rs4802998 was chosen for replication as this SNP had the second strongest association P-value at this locus in WGHS (p?=?1.3×10?6). 
Variance explained Sub-Total. 
Steps of metastasis Target Drug References. 
Preclinical and clinical studies targeting specific molecules in OS metastasis. 
Semaphorins/ receptors Expression in the immune system Binding partner Immunological activities Related-neurological diseases. 
Immune semaphorins, their receptors and diseases. 
Organ and injury Treatment (Animals) Outcomes Ref. no. 
Importance of endogenous HGF-c-Met system during organ regeneration or homeostasis. 
c-Met-KO, c-Met gene knockout; BDL, Bile duct ligation; I/R, Ischemia and reperfusion; uPA-KO, uPA gene knockout; HGF-A-KO, HGF-activator gene knockout; TGF-?, Transforming growth factor-?; DSS, Dextran sodium sulfate. For other abbreviations see text. 
Treatment (Species) Outcomes References. 
Importance of HGF-c-Met signaling during organ development and maturation. 
HGF-KO, HGF gene knockout; Mu-c-Met-KI, Mutated c-Met gene knock-in; HGF-AS, HGF antisense oligodeoxy-nucleotide; OPC, oligodendrocyte progenitor cell; SCL, stem cell leukemia. For other abbreviations see Table 1 and text. 
Target disease Animal model HGF-treatment Outcocmes References. 
Therapeutic effects of recombinant HGF protein or HGF cDNA on intractable diseases. 
rh-HGF, recombinant human HGF; ANIT, ?-naphthylisothiocyanate; HVJ-HGF, hemagglutinating-virus-of-Japan liposome containing HGF cDNA; sc, subcutaneous injection; iv, intravenous injection; ip, intraperitoneal injection. For other abbreviations, see Tables 1 , 2 and text. Other indications of HGF supplement therapy are summarized in our current review articles. 25 , 40 , 41 ). 
Peptide Class 1 Type of Peptide Evidence # IdentifiedPeptides (%) New Peptides. 
See Table S14 . 
Peptides identified in a shotgun proteomics experiment may be classified into 6 types on the basis of the information they impart about a gene model [32] . Proteotypic peptides are those that uniquely identify a specific protein isoform and may be encoded by multiple transcripts or multiple genes. Information-rich peptides are shared among protein isoforms arising from multiple transcripts or genes. Proteotypic peptides are particularly useful for the design of new high-sensitivity quantitative mass spectrometry methods based on multiple-reaction monitoring. New peptides were not previously in the Drosophila peptide compendium of Brunner et al. [24] . 
Cancer Expression (%). 
Over-expression of survivin in common human malignancies. 
Mechanism of action Compound Clinical Trials Indication. 
Survivin inhibitors currently in phase I/II clinical trials. 
AML , Acute myeloid leukemia; CMV , cytomegalovirus; GM-CSF , granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor; HRPC , hormone-refractory prostate cancer; hTERT , human telomerase reverse transcriptase; IL-2 , interleukin-2; MAGE , melanoma-associated antigen NSCLC , non-small cell lung cancer; PSMA , prostate-specific membrane antigen. 
Gene Symbol Gene name Chromosome Mechanism of Down-Regulation Reference. 
Epigenetically down-regulated genes in ovarian cancer. 
putative or candidate tumor suppressor genes. LOH, loss of heterozygosity. 
Gene Symbol Name Chromosome Mechanism of Up-Regulation Reference. 
Epigenetically up-regulated genes in ovarian cancer. 
Epigenetic Drugs  Compound (Commercial name) Target Status Indication Reference. 
Epigenetic therapeutic compounds, approved or under development. 
Ensemble average calculation(kcal/mol) Target Ligand ? H binding ? TS binding ? G binding. 
Ensemble averaged binding free energies calculated for 200 snapshots extracted from the last 2 ns of the MD simulation. 
Study Patients (N) Last follow-up (months) AI Comparator DFS HR P value OS HR P value REF. 
Summary of currently reported adjuvant hormonal therapy trials. Overall, compared with five years of tamoxifen alone, the incorporation of an aromatase inhibitor significantly improves disease-free survival. 
Abbreviation: MA, monotherapy arm. 
Surgical specimen staining pattern Biopsy specimen staining pattern Classification/score. 
HER2 immunohistochemical staining classification. 
Copyright © 2008. John Wiley and Sons. Adapted with permission from Hofmann M, Stoss O, Shi D, et al. Assessment of a HER2 scoring system for gastric cancer: results from a validation study. Histopathology . 2008;52 (7):797–805. 12. 
Trastuzumab plus chemotherapy Chemotherapy alone P value (nonstratified). 
Results of trastuzumab in combination with chemotherapy vs chemotherapy alone for treatment of HER2 positive advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction cancer (ToGA): a phase 3, open-label, randomized controlled trial. 
Mean ? 1 Global ? 1 Mean ? 2 Global ? 2. 
Results of global analysis of cells expressing EGFP, EGFP–mCherry and both EGFP and EGFP–mCherry. Six EGFP fields of view were globally fitted using a single-exponential decay (top row). The resulting lifetime ( ? 1) was then fixed for the subsequent global double-exponential decay analysis (bottom two rows). 
N/A: not applicable. 
Strain Genotype Source. 
Candida albicans strains. 
Sample ref Accession number Protein name Molec. Wt. (Da) pI Function Ubiquitinated in S. cerevisiae ? Ubiquitination detected in absence of stress? Predicted ubiquitination site(s). 
Identification of ubiquitinated proteins in C. albicans . 
Protein detected with ubiquitin sequences. 
ND, not detected. 
Aptamer Western blot Histology Cellular localization. 
Properties measured in the aptamers derived from peptides (PTENz7 and PTENz14) and cloned aptamers derived from the recombinant protein GST-PTEN (Clone 3, Clone 4, Clone 5, Clone 6, Clone 7, Clone 8 and Clone 9). The columns: western blot, histology and cellular localization show the performance of each aptamer for the corresponding assay and their subcellular localization. Aptamers PTENz7 and PTENz14 are recognized as the best choice considering their ability to recognize the native protein PTEN, their well-defined localization and different manifestations in subcellular regions. 
Oligonucleotide Sequence ( 5?-3?). 
Patient ID * Disease Status Disease-Free SurvivalTime (Mo) ** Increased Anti-ANXA2 antibody response(ELISA). 
*Patients underwent surgical resection of PDA and were treated with a GM-CSF secreting PDA vaccine in a phase II clinical trial. 
**Disease-free survival is defined as the time from surgery until disease recurrence or until the last follow up on April 21, 2008; Mo, month. 
Sema3E   Negative Positive Total P value *. 
*Chi-square test. 
Current evidence linking PPAR? and pulmonary hypertension. 
Demethylase Cancer type Notes Potential role . 
KDM5 family demethylases in cancer. 
Anti-apoptotic Pro-apoptotic. 
Bcl-2 family members. 
Esteva and Hortobagyi. 47. 
Markers Occurrence (%) Treatment References. 
Bio-molecular markers of breast cancers. 
TIP30/CC3 is metastatic tumor suppressor gene. Decrease in expression of TIP30 is observed in 48% of breast cancer cases and 83.3% of TIP30 negativity tumors had lymph node metastasis and vascular invasion. 
Ki-67 cut off value for primary (P) tumors is 10% and 15% for metastatic (M) tumors. P?/M? = 44%, P+/M+ = 27.3%, 14%, P?/M+ = 21.1%, P+/M? = 7.2%. 
Abbreviations: uPA, urokinase plasminogen activator; PAI-1, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1. 
Drugs Molecular targets. 
Drugs used for breast cancer treatment. 
Substrates Km (µM) Vmax (µmol/mg/min) Kcat (s?1). 
The average values were summarized from the data reported by. 
Van Rompay et al , 1999;. 
Alexandre et al , 2007;. 
Liou et al , 2002;. 
Hsu et al , 2004 in the different enzyme assay condition. 
User ID Accession No. Copies Length Putative function and Species E-value. 
Puccinia striiformis f.sp. tritici ESTs with significant homologies to fungal pathogenicity/virulence factors. 
Unigenes ID Primer sequences(5'--3'). 
Sequences of primers used for qRT-PCR. 
Parameter Symbol Value Reference/Justification. 
Spot number a Identified protein Accession number MW (Da) b pI c Mascot Score Matching Peptide/Searched d Coverage (%) e Treated/Untreated Ratio ± SD f. 
Spot number were defined according to spot positions in 2-DE in Fig. 2 . 
MW, molecular weight. 
pI, isoelectric point. 
Number of matched mass values on number of total mass values searched. 
The sequence coverage, which is calculated as the percentage of identified sequence to the complete sequence of the matched protein. 
Ratio between level of expression in treated and untreated cells. Standard deviation is indicated. For the significance two-sided Student's t test was used (* p<0.05, ** p<0.01). 
Spot number a Identified protein Accession number MW (Da) b pI c Mascot Score Matching Peptide/Searched d Coverage (%) e Treated/Untreated Ratio ± SD f. 
Spot number were defined according to spot positions in 2-DE in Fig. 2 . 
MW, molecular weight. 
pI, isoelectric point. 
Number of matched mass values on number of total mass values searched. 
The sequence coverage, which is calculated as the percentage of identified sequence to the complete sequence of the matched protein. 
Ratio between level of expression in treated and untreated cells. Standard deviation is indicated. For the significance two-sided Student's t test was used (* p<0.05, ** p<0.01). 
Spot number a Identified protein Accession number MW (Da) b pI c Mascot Score Matching Peptide/Searched d Coverage (%) e p-Ser 30?: Treated/Untreated Ratio ± SD f p-Ser 60?: Treated/Untreated Ratio ± SD f p-Tyr 30?: Treated/Untreated Ratio ± SD f p-Tyr 60?: Treated/Untreated Ratio ± SD f. 
Spot number were defined according to spot positions in 2-DE in Fig. 4 . 
MW, molecular weight. 
pI, isoelectric point. 
Number of matched mass values on number of total mass values searched. 
The sequence coverage, which is calculated as the percentage of identified sequence to the complete sequence of the matched protein. 
Ratio between level of phosphorylation in treated and untreated cells. Standard deviation is indicated. For the significance two-sided Student's t test was used (* p<0.05, ** p<0.01). 
Characteristics Normal lung tissues Adenocarcinomas Squamous cell carcinomas Other types. 
Clinical characteristics of 119 patients (3 small cell carcinomas patients were not included). 
* UICC: International Union Against Cancer. 
characteristics Gab2 expression of lung adenocarcinomas Gab2 expression of lung squamous cell carcinomas low high P values low high P values. 
Gab2 expression and clinic pathological features of patients with lung adenocarcinomas and squamous cell carcinomas. 
* P<0.05. 
Symbol Gene accession ID Description Fold change. 
List of gene set regulated by NGF in HMC-1 (V560G c-Kit) cells. 
PANTHER Protein Class V560G c-KIT (P-value) NGF-TrkA (P-value). 
PANTHER analyses of c-Kit (downregulated genes by imatinib treatment) versus NGF-regulated genes which are involved in immune related function in HMC-1 (V560G c-Kit) cells (selected). 
NS: not significant. 
CATEGORY sub category or function annotation P-value NGF induced molecules. 
Ingenuity biological function analyses of NGF regulated genes in HMC-1 (V560G c-Kit) cells (selected). 
Marker Sample size Sensitivity/Specificity Stage of ovarian cancer Types of ovarian cancer Additional comments Reference. 
Characteristics of novel ovarian cancer serum markers across various key studies. 
M: cases of ovarian cancer, B: benign ovarian tumor, G: other gynecological cancers, P: benign pelvic tumors, H: healthy individuals. 
*Federation of Obstetrics and Gynecology. 
$32 patients with significant increases in osteopontin. 
#When combined with CA125. 
? Benign disease versus stage I ovarian cancer assay sensitivity. 
&In comparison to CA125, SMRP, CA72-4, and osteopontin. 
+IL-8, anti-IL-8 antibodies, and CA125. 
=IL-6, IL-8, epidermal growth factor (EGF), VEGF, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), and CA125. 
“When combined with CA125II and M-CSF. 
Epigenetic marker Location Sample size Cause of over and underexpression Type of change Percentage (%) of cases found Stage of ovarian cancer Type of ovarian cancer Comments Reference. 
Characteristics of major ovarian cancer genetic and epigenetic markers across various key studies. 
M: cases of ovarian cancer, B: benign ovarian cancer, C: ovarian cancer cell lines, H: healthy individuals, LOH: loss of heterozygosity. 
*When combined with BRCA1. 
? [ 60 ]. 
#[ 61 ]. 
HUGO acronym Gene name Function. 
Genes hypermethylated in >2% of noncancerous lung tissues. 
Never-smokers ( n = 30) Ever-smokers ( n = 121). 
Clinical data of 151 cancer-free subjects with lung tissue available for MethyLight assay. 
aQuit years not available for 1 subject. 
bSample location unknown for 4 samples from 3 subjects. 
cSee results section for details. 
dInflammatory conditions included chronic bronchitis, bronchiectasis, pulmonary fibrosis, and granulomatous disease. 
Ever-smokers versus never-smokers Age per 10 years Female versus male Upper versus lower lobe. 
All subjects—odds ratios for promoter hypermethylation (95% CI). 
aAssociations between clinical parameters and gene hypermethylation, assessed at PMR > 0%, in all 316 lung specimens from 151 subjects. 
Pack years per 10 years Quit years per 10 years Age per 10 years Female versus male Upper versus lower lobe. 
Ever-smokers only—odds ratios for promoter hypermethylation (95% CI). 
aAssociations between clinical parameters and gene hypermethylation in 269 lung specimens from 121 subjects with a current or past history of smoking. 
GO ID Functional category Gene % P -value Relevant genotype Significant loci. 
Functional signatures of differentially expressed genes induced or suppressed in H- ras -/- and/or N- ras -/- fibroblasts after serum stimulation for 1 hour (G0/G1 transition). 
Specific functional categories assigned by GeneCodis software [ 66 ] to particular subsets of the induced or repressed genes included in the dendrograms in Figure 3a. The software tool was used to search for gene annotation co-occurrences in the Gene Ontology (GO) and KEGG pathways databases, assigning values of statistical significance in each case. Functional categories are listed according to increasing P -value of significance for each relevant genotype. Columns provide information on functional GO ID and denomination, percentage of total number of induced or repressed genes in Figure 3a, statistical significance ( P -value) of the functional assignment made in each case, and a representative list of differentially expressed loci associated with each functional category. 
GO ID Functional category Gene % P -value Relevant genotype Significant loci. 
Functional signatures of differentially expressed genes induced or suppressed in H- ras -/- and/or N- ras -/- fibroblasts after serum stimulation for 8 hours (G1 progression). 
Specific functional categories assigned by GeneCodis software [ 66 ] to particular subsets of the induced or repressed genes included in the dendrogram in Figure 3b. The software tool was used to search for gene annotation co-occurrences in the Gene Ontology (GO) and KEGG pathways databases, assigning values of statistical significance in each case. Functional categories are listed according to increasing P -value of significance for each relevant genotype. Columns provide information on functional GO ID and denomination, percentage of total number of induced or repressed genes in Figure 3b, statistical significance ( P -value) of the functional assignment made in each case, and a representative list of differentially expressed loci associated with each functional category. 
UVB characteristics of human coding sequences. 
Gene Protein Observed Expected P value. 
Analysis of UVB site frequencies in the coding sequences of genes implicated in malignant melanoma. 
Gene Protein Observed Expected P value. 
Frequency of single site UVB mutations being deleterious in the coding sequences of genes implicated in malignant melanoma. 
Gene Protein Observed Expected P value. 
Frequency of deleterious double site UVB mutations in the coding sequences of genes implicated in malignant melanoma. 
Gene Protein Mean severity P value. 
Mean severity of deleterious single mutations in the coding sequences of genes implicated in malignant melanoma. 
Gene Protein WT UVB sites WT score Optimized UVB sites Optimized score. 
Synonymous codon substitution can decrease predicted UVB vulnerability of genes implicated in malignant melanoma. 
ER, PR, Her2 and grade Caucasian population Asian population ER PR HER2/neu ER PR HER2/neu. 
Clinical and histological characteristics of Caucasian and Asian patients used in this study to generate gene expression data. 
Gene Cancer Mutated At Approximate Reported Frequency Reference. 
Gene ID Gene name or description Physical Interaction Microarray RNAi. 
Putative DENV-associated Ae. aegypt i proteins supported by more than one experimental evidences. 
The results are derived from RNAi screen, physical interaction assay and microarray assay. Except indicated in parenthesis, data are from DENV-host interactions. +, interactions supported by experiments; -, interaction not supported by experiments; N/A, data are unavailable; DENV, dengue virus; WNV, West Nile virus. 
GO Terms RNAi* Physical Interaction* Microarray*. 
Enriched Gene Ontology (GO) biological process terms in three datasets of DENV-associated Ae. aegypti proteins. 
Only P values that reach the significant level are shown. * NS, non-significant. 
Consensus Length (bp) Total Number Percentage. 
Distribution of non-redundant consensus sequences. 
N50 = median length of all non-redundant consensus sequences. 
Mean = average length of all consensus sequences. 
Database Number of annotated consensus sequences Percentage of annotated consensus sequences. 
Annotation of non-redundant consensus sequences. 
All 48,987 CD-containing consensus sequences generated by ESTscan were annotated though Swissprot, Nr, GO, KEGG, and COG databases. 
Putative Gene Catalogs Consensus Number Homologs Number in other species Putative Gene Catalogs Consensus Number Homologs Number in other species. 
Immune-relevant genes/homologues in L. japonicus. 
Putative genes/homologues were confirmed based on their similarity to immune-relevant genes in other vertebrate species as predicted by BLAST. Cutoff E-value was set to 1e-10 during BLAST analysis. Characterization of the putative genes is presented in Additional file 1 , Table S1. 
Catalogs Consensus ID Putative Identification Fold Change. 
Representatives of putative immune relevant genes/homologs as predicted by DGE. 
Limitations of all differentially expressed genes are based on P ? 0.01. The absolute value of Log2Ratio?1 and FDR?0.05 showed that the genes were significantly altered after bacterial challenge. The cutoff E-value was set to 1e-10 during the gene annotation process. The absolute value of "Fold Change" means magnitude of up- or down-regulation for each gene/homolog after bacteria challenge; "+" indicates up-regulation, "-" indicates down-regulation. 
GenBank ID Gene symbol Gene name Fold regulation. 
Differentially expressed genes in the PVN between mouse strains (examples, +: higher, -: lower expressed in DBA/2J vs C57BL/6J). 
GenBank ID Gene symbol Gene name Fold regulation. 
Examples of genes that are up- or down-regulated 4 h after stress in C57BL/6J mice. 
GenBank ID Gene symbol Gene name Fold regulation. 
Examples of Genes up- or down-regulated 8 h after stress in C57BL/6J mice. 
GenBank ID Gene symbol Gene name Fold regulation. 
Examples of Genes up- or down-regulated 4 h after stress in DBA/2J mice. 
GenBank ID Gene symbol Gene name Fold regulation. 
Examples of Genes up- or down-regulated 8 h after stress in DBA/2J mice. 
Ontology C57BL/6 Stress-4 h C57BL/6 Stress-8 h DBA/2J Stress-4 h DBA/2J Stress-8 h. 
Ontologically sorted genes regulated 4 h and 8 h after stress. 
Stressed - 4 h common S4 h - S8 h Stressed - 8 h. 
Number of genes regulated 4 h and 8 h after stress in C57BL/6J or DBA/2J. 
Dataset Name Experimental Condition ArrayExpress Accession Platform No. of Probes Normalized No. of Probes. 
Summary of microarray datasets included in the analysis. 
caPI3K = constitutively active form of PI3K, dn = dominant-negative form of PI3K. 
Dataset Number of Genes Number of Interactions Avg. Degree Network Diameter Clustering Coefficient. 
Network Statistics at PCC = 0.70 for mouse microarray networks and the Conserved network. 
Clus N Main species Main terms. 
Clusters from the graph visualization of species. 
For each cluster (Clus) in Figure 4 the number of species (N), the dominating species (in percentage of N) and selected dominating annotation term(s) from the overrepresentation analysis (in percentage of N in which this term was found) is shown. Several annotation terms will be highly similar, representing the same type of property, therefore only a selection of terms is shown. 
Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron VPI-5482 (Bacteroidetes/Chlorobi). 
Frequent species - GO terms associations. 
A subset of five organisms from the analysed data set, showing the frequency of GO terms associated with these organisms over all clusters. Phylogenetic class of each organism is indicated. 
Cluster 1 - COG classification C (Energy production and conversion). 
A representative subset of 6 clusters with relatively specific GO terms. 
The cluster numbering is for local reference only. The COG classification, based on the most represented COG category in each cluster (see Methods), is shown in the heading of each cluster. The table shows GO number, description and ontology for each GO term, and name, kingdom, and group for each species. 
gene direction tissue mechanism proposed reference. 
P-DUDES gene expression in cancer and cancer models. 
PSI-Blast hits in the PDB database. 
Significance scores for structure predictions for selected P-DUDES domains. 
Pfam domain Top PDB hit (PDB ID) p-value Top Scop hit p-value Top Pfam hit p-value Comment. 
Similarity between known thioredoxins and the novel Thx-fold families. 
Similarity scores (HHPred) supporting similarity between thioredoxins. 
and the nine novel Thx-fold families ArsD, DUF929, DUF1094, DUF1223, DUF1462, DUF2703, DUF2847, DUF3088 and TrbC_Ftype. 
Protein name Access No Secretome   6 h 9 h 12 h. 
Fold differences for the proteins are calculated as an average of both biological replicates. 
* identified from only one biological replicate . 
Case Age Gender Location Histology XRT Followup Survival. 
XRT?=?Radiation therapy. A?=?Alive. D?=?Dead. NED?=?No evidence of disease. Survival in years from time of diagnosis. N/A?=?Not applicable. Note that cases CH34 and CH37 are recurrent tumors from the same patient. 
Cytogenetic Locus Gain/Loss Maximum Range Subrange Frequency Candidate Genes. 
Selected copy number gains/losses of ?25% frequency (occurring in at least 5 out of 20 cases from unique patients) are listed with details pertaining to cytogenetic loci, genomic position, frequency, and candidate oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes. Involved maximal ranges and smaller subranges are included (coordinates in megabases). 
*?=?ranges with cases showing slight variations within the interval. 
CDKN2A CDKN2A CDKN2A CDKN2A Case IHC MSP1 MSP2 Copy Number Status. 
Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was performed using standard protocol on formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tumor specimen to assess for expression of CDKN2A (9p21.3). Methylation specific PCR was performed on bisulfite treated DNA using two primers sets (MSP1 and MSP2) targeted to the promoter region of CDKN2A . CDKN2A copy number status for each case is summarized from the array CGH results. Italicized and bolded are two cases (CH3 and CH33) showing loss of CDKN2A while maintaining normal CDKN2A copy number status. NP?=?not performed. F?=?Technical failure. U?=?Unmethylated. M?=?Methylated. CDKN2A copy number status based on array CGH: 0?=?Homozygous deletion, 1?=?Hemizygous deletion, 2?=?Copy number neutral. 
PTEN PTEN PTEN PTEN Case IF MSP1 MSP2 Copy Number Status. 
Immunofluorescence (IF) was performed on formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tumor specimen to assess for expression of PTEN (10q23.31) using the previously described AQUA technique (see Materials & Methods ). Methylation specific PCR was performed on bisulfite treated DNA using two primers sets (MSP1 and MSP2) targeted to the promoter region of PTEN . PTEN copy number status for each case is summarized from the array CGH results. Italicized and bolded are three cases (CH1, CH33, and CH36) showing loss of PTEN despite maintainence of normal PTEN copy number status. NP?=?Not performed. F?=?Technical failure. U?=?Unmethylated. M?=?Methylated. PTEN copy number status based on array CGH: 0?=?Homozygous deletion, 1?=?Hemizygous deletion, 2?=?Copy number neutral. 
Putative Genes a (Accession No.) RT-PCR primers (5'-3') Real-Time PCR primers (5'-3'). 
The primers of genes detected by RT-PCR and real-time PCR analyses. 
a WIP, SAP, HSP, MT, CP450, UL, PPA, LPH, DBP, TCTP, SRPP, AGPS, HH2A, CT, GR, VPSAP, HbMyb1, CHP and Y17H05 represent Wound-induced protein, Senescence-associated protein, Heat shock protein, Metacaspase type II, Cytochrome P450-like TBP protein, Ubiquitin ligase, Posphotyrosyl phosphatase activator, Latex profilin Hev b8, DNA-binding protein RAV1, Translationally controlled tumor protein, Small rubber particle protein, Alpha-1,4-glucan-protein synthase, Histone H2A, Copper transporter, Glutathione reductase, Vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein, HbMyb1 transcription factor, Conserved hypothetical protein and Hevea brasiliensis clone Y17H05 mRNA, respectively. F and R represent forward and reverse primers, respectively. 
Putative pathways Putative genes a. 
The genes associated with TPD involved in putative pathways. 
a The numbers in the brackets represent the gene numbers identified in the pathway. 
Name References Type of E3 ligase Function. 
E3 Ligases that play an important role in preventing autoimmunity. 
Transporter/channel Effects of insulin. 
Effects of insulin on renal transporters, channels, or regulators. 
Cancer Types CSC Markers Signaling Pathways References . 
Cell markers and signaling pathways of human lung and esophageal cancer stem cells. 
Genes Cell type Toxicity Protein aggregation Kinase activity GTPase activity References. 
LRRK2 in vitro cell models. 
WT: wild type; ND: not determined. 
Pathway LRRK2 fragment Link with LRRK2 Method References. 
LRRK2 potential interaction proteins. 
FADD: Fas-associated protein with death domain; TRADD: tumor necrosis factor receptor type 1-associated death domain protein; LRR: leucine-rich repeat; YTH: yeast two-hybrid; ROC: Ras of complex protein; COR: C-terminal of ROC; MKK: mitogen activated protein kinase kinase; JIP: JNK interacting protein; Hsp: Heat shock protein; CHIP: C-terminus of Hsp70 interacting protein; EF1A: elongation factor 1 ? ; DVL: dishevelled family of proteins; Sgg: glycogen synthase kinase 3 ? homolog Shaggy; QUICK: quantitative immunoprecipitation combined with knockdown. 
Drosophila model  Transgene Loss of TH positive neurons Lewy body Motor deficits Suitability for testing disease modifying therapy Reference. 
LRRK2 animal models. 
WT: wild type; ND: not determined; GFP: Green fluorescent protein; KI, knocking in. 
Model Method Metastasize to Bone?. 
Overview of Selected Animal Models of Prostate Cancer. 
Category Mode of action Drug(s). 
The angiogenesis inhibitors that are being tested in cancer patients. 
Target Sequelae of proteosome inhibition Contribution to anti-tumour effect. 
Molecular targets of proteosome inhibitors [ 16 ]. 
NF?B, nuclear factor ?B; I?B, inhibitor of nuclear factor ?B; MAPK, mitogen activated protein kinase; Diablo, direct IAP binding protein with low pI; Smac, Second mitochondria-derived activator of caspase; XIAP, X-chromosome-linked inhibitor of apoptosis. 
Construct Primers: Antisense Primer Sense Primer Size (aa). 
Primer sequences for constructing chimeras between G?16 and G?z. 
Bold and italic nucleotides denote the G?16-derived sequences. 
Construct Intact PLC? Domain A 1 R-induced IP accumulation QL-induced IP accumulation       Basal 10 ?M CHA Fold Stimulation Fold Stimulation. 
Ability of G?16/z chimeras to stimulate IP3 production in HEK 293 cells. 
HEK 293 cells were co-transfected with A1R and pcDNA1 or the indicated G? subunit. Transfectants were labeled with [3H]inositol (2.5 ?Ci/mL) in DMEM containing 5% FBS overnight. IP3 formations were examined in the absence (basal) or presence of 10 ?M CHA for 60 min. Fold stimulations were calculated as the ratios of CHA-induced to basal IP3 accumulations or QL-induced to wild-type IP3 accumulations. Data represent the mean ± S.D. of triplicate determinations of a single representative experiment, n = 3; significant responses are shown in bold and italic. Constructs containing an intact putative PLC? binding domain (?2-?4-?3-?5 regions) of G?16 are marked with a "Yes". 
* CHA-stimulated IP3 production is significantly greater than basal (DMSO vehicle); paired t -test, p ? 0.05. 
# QL-stimulated IP3 production is significantly greater than the corresponding wild-type activity; paired t -test, p ? 0.05. 
a QL-induced fold stimulation of 16z25 was extrapolated from [ 38 ]. 
Construct TPR1/Ras Interaction PLC? Fold Stimulation of Protein Phosphorylation       Activity P-Tyr 705 STAT3 P-Ser 727 STAT3 P-IKK P-ERK. 
G?16/z chimera-mediated phosphorylations of STAT3 (both Tyr705 and Ser727), IKK, and ERK in HEK 293 cells. 
HEK 293 cells were co-transfected with adenosine A1R and pcDNA1 or the indicated G? subunit. Transfectants were serum starved overnight in the presence of 100 ng/mL of PTX and then challenged with 10 ?M CHA for 15 min. Cell lysates were then resolved and immunoblotted against various specific antibodies. Results are expressed as fold stimulation over the basal (DMSO vehicle), n = 3; significant responses are shown in bold and italic. Constructs shown to co-immunoprecipitate with FLAG-TPR1 or stimulate PLC? activity (Table 2) are marked with a "Yes". 
* CHA-stimulated phosphorylation of the target protein is significantly greater than the basal; paired t -test, p ? 0.05. 
a significant PLC? activation observed with the QL mutant only (see Table 2). 
b Very weak association with TPR1 was detected in co-immunoprecipitation assays (Figure 9). 
Construct STAT3-driven Luciferase Fold Stimulation NF?B-driven Luciferase Fold Stimulation. 
G?16/z chimera mediated STAT3-driven and NF?B-driven luciferase activities. 
HEK 293 cells were co-transfected with adenosine A1R, pSTAT3-luc/pNF?B-luc, and pcDNA1 or the indicated G? subunit. Transfectants were serum starved for 4 h in the presence of 100 ng/mL of PTX and then challenged with 10 ?M CHA overnight. Cell lysates were analyzed for luciferase activity. Data represent the mean ± S.D. of triplicate determinations, n = 3; significant stimulations are shown in bold and italic. * CHA-stimulated protein phosphorylation is significantly greater than the basal; paired t -test, p ? 0.05. 
Characteristics No. of patients (%). 
Clinicopathologic features of NSCLC cases. 
Genes Forward primer sequence (5'?3') Probe sequence (5'?3') Reverse primer sequence (5'?3'). 
Quantitative methylation-specific PCR primer and TaqMan probe sequences used in the present study. 
Genes PIK3CA amplification Smoking history SSC vs . ADC Lymph node metastasis. 
Promoter methylation of individual genes in NSCLC - multivariable models assessing PIK3CA amplification, smoking history, histologic type, and lymph node metastasis (OR† and 95%CI). 
† OR: odds ratio with 95% confidence interval, adjusted for multiple comparisions. 
* Significant at P < 0.05. 
No. of cells FGF1 (100 ng/ml) + heparin (5 ?g/ml) Carbachol (1 mM) % responding Change in [Ca2+]i (nM) % responding Change in [Ca2+]i (nM). 
Percent and amplitude of [Ca2+]i responses in cells expressing Fgfr1 constructs. 
aThere was a significant difference in amplitude of [Ca2+]i change between Fgfr1 WT and Fgfr1 WT - flag in response to FGF1 with heparin, but there was no difference between the CCh responses in these cells. CCh amplitudes are given for only the cells that responded to FGF1. 
bThe response to CCh in cells that gave an FGF1 response was significantly less than in cells that did not respond to FGF1. 
Gene name 1 Gene Symbol (GenBank) 2 Fold change. 
Cell cycle related genes regulated by the depletion of tNASP. 
1 Genes listed present those differentially regulated after HeLa, PC3, RWPE-2, and PWR-1E cells were infected by lentiviral particles containing tNASP shRNA as compared to cells infected with scramble shRNA. The cutoff limit in the analysis was set to two-fold for both induced (+) and repressed (-) genes. 
2 Gene Bank accession number. 
Abnormality Frequency in t(8;21) AML Documented prognostic impact Reference. 
Genetic abnormalities commonly detected in combination with t(8;21). 
Origin Domain (alternative nomenclature) Molecular interactions. 
Molecular structure of the t(8;21) fusion protein, the origin of various domains, and the localization of important molecular interactions. 
Molecule Function of the molecule Structure: mechanism of interaction Function/biological effect. 
Important proteins that directly interact with or modulate the t(8;21) fusion protein. 
Molecule Function Effect of AML1/ETO on the molecule Final effect on t(8;21) cells. 
Important molecular mechanisms involved in AML1/ETO-induced leukemic transformation. 
miRNA miRNA function Reference. 
Novel miRNAs involved in senescence. 
Gene Synonyms, human Synonyms, mouse Synonyms, rat Size kDa (human) Expression Reference. 
Nomenclature of the human, mouse, and rat GIMAP genes and gene expression sites. 
RTK type Renal phenotype References. 
Receptor tyrosine kinases associated with aberrant kidney development. 
RTK: receptor tyrosine kinase, Ret: rearranged during transfection, FGF: fibroblast growth factor, UB: ureteric bud, Mes: mesenchyme, EGF: epidermal growth factor, Met: hepatocyte growth factor receptor, VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor, PDGF: platelet-derived growth factor. 
Ligand Model Renal phenotype References. 
Ligands of receptor tyrosine kinases with demonstrated functions in kidney organogenesis. 
UB: ureteric bud, IMCD3: murine inner medullary collecting duct cells. 
Proposed substrate Target residue(s) Priming residue (kinase) Effect of phosphate Ref. 
(a). 
Proposed substrate Effect of phosphate Cellular process. 
(b). 
Substrate group 1—Metabolic: Overall Effect is anti-diabetic. 
-GSK3 inhibition in vivo . Potential functional outcomes of pharmacological inhibition of GSK3. 
MAP kinase Other names Relevant information Phosphorylation site motif. 
Mammalian MAP kinases. 
RTK name NIH/3T3 NIH-Met5 day 1 NIH-Met5 day 4 NIH-Met5 day 7. 
The mRNA expression levels of eight RTK genes clustered together with c-Met in RTK c-DNA microarray analysis. 
Expression pattern Grade T status* Multiple Node (+) Survival. 
Correlation of c-Met, Axl, and PDGFR-? protein expression with clinicopathologic parameters of patients with locally advanced and metastatic bladder cancers. 
*Statistical analysis was performed between stage pT2 (21), pT3 (27) and stage pT4 (17), according to TNM (2002) classification criteria. 
† p value less than 0.05. 
Group A Group B. 
Human promoter regions containing duplication of the GGAA motifs near the TSS. 
Group A The tentatively defined TPA-activation consensus 14-bp sequence, 5?-(A/G/C)N(A/G/C)(C/G)(C/G)GGAA(A/G)(C/T)(G/C/T)(A/G/C)(A/G/C)-3?, was searched in the Ensembl data base. Duplicated or overlapped GGAA motifs were identified near the most 5?-upstream of those 174 genes. Group B Twenty-one genes were found to be head–head linked with genes listed in Group A. 
Cell line ATCC # Metastatic ER + Her2 + shNDPK-B secretion. 
Abbreviations: AC=adenocarcinoma; DC=ductal carcinoma; ER=estrogen receptor; MC=medullar carcinoma; NDPK=nucleoside diphosphate kinase; unk=unknown. 
Gene expression analysis of MDA-MB-435S produced microarrays in which these cells clustered with cell lines of melanoma origin instead of breast ( Rae et al , 2004 ). 
[+]Positivity related to control using purified yeast NDPK-B (57.6±3.8? ? moles ATP per ? g per min) under V max conditions as [++]. 
Clinical data Patients ( n =156). 
Abbreviations: G3 EEC=grade 3 endometrioid endometrial carcinoma; FIGO=International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics; MMMT=malignant mixed mullerian tumour; UPSC=uterine papillary serous cancer. 
  Patients n CD151 positive n (%) ER positive n (%) PR positive n (%) P53 positive n (%) HER-2 positive n (%). 
Abbreviations: CC=clear cell carcinoma; ER=oestrogen receptor; MMMT=malignant mixed mullerian tumour; PR=progesterone receptor; UPSC=uterine papillary serous sarcinoma. 
ER, PR, p53 and CD151 are regarded as positive when H-score ?150. The HER-2 is regarded positive when score >1. Group I comprised of G3 EEC, group II comprised of UPSC and CC, group III comprised of MMMT, sarcoma and mixed mesodermal tumours. 
  DSS RFS   HR 95% CI P HR 95% CI P. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; DSS=disease specific survival; ER=oestrogen receptor; HR=hazard ratio; PR=progesterone receptor; RFS=recurrence free survival. 
Univariate analysis of age was performed in a linear manner; therefore, there is no referent variable. 
Univariate analysis of histology carried out with endometrioid histology as reference. Significant P -values for CD151 are in bold. 
  DSS RFS   HR OR – 95%CI P -value HR OR – 95%CI P -value. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; DSS=disease specific survival; ER=oestrogen receptor; HR=hazard ratio; n.s.=non-significant; OR=odds ratio; PR=progesterone receptor; RFS=recurrence free survival. 
A multivariate regression model was designed utilizing a backwards elimination. Significant P -values for CD151 are in bold. 
Gene* Entrez gene ID QIAGEN Cat. # Target transcript Amplified exons Amplicon length (bp). 
* HPRT primers were designed by us. **Data not provided by QIAGEN. 
Gene TM1* TM2* Average**. 
*Average effect of 2 siRNAs on each TM. **Average effect of 2 siRNAs on TM1 and TM2. 
Genes identified based on B statistic Genes identified based on twofold change cut-off Genes identified based on rank in fold change without cut-off All genes selected by one or more protocol (Protocol 1) (Protocol 2) (Protocol 3) (protocol 1, 2, +/or 3) Gene B value P value mRNA fold change Gene mRNA fold change Gene mRNA fold change Gene mRNA fold change* P 1 P 2 P 3       Down Up   Down Up   Down Up   Down Up      . 
*Average fold change of protocols. 
PITX2 filtered genes Number of other studies in which affected gene identified Reference. 
* PITX2 filtered genes reported here were sought in lists of selected genes of the array studies reported in references [ 16 - 30 ]. **These 2 included were based on real time PCR results. 
Category GO ID and Term Number of genes p value. 
*Enriched among 41 PITX2 genes identified by ?1 array data analysis protocols. 
Enzyme Specificitya Target(s) Residue(s)b Reference(s). 
Arginine-specific ARTs and their target specificities. 
aSpecific (s) or promiscuous (p). 
bPreferred sites are in bold. 
NCBI:Mm Microarray   Pathways # # Expected P value. 
ChipSeq Peaks DNA Binding Site (TFBS) TF Gene ID Function  Over-Represented (p-value <0.01)  . 
Microarray Fold Change mRNA Levels DNA Binding Site Associated Protein Gene ID ON/OFF SD OFF ON. 
Microarray Fold Change Genbank GENE_SYMBOL. 
Genes confirmed by ChIPseq in italic. 
Affy P-value Foldchange Common Genbank. 
Pathways # P value Enrichment . 
On Only   Pathways # P value Enrichment. 
Affy ID P-value Foldchange Common Genbank ChiPchip(P). 
probe set Day 8 Notch OFF Day 8 Notch ON Day 8 Notch ON versus Notch OFF P value. 
probe set Day 5 Day 8 Notch OFF Day 8 Notch ON Day 8 Notch OFF versus Day 5 P value Day 8 Notch ON versus Notch OFF P value. 
Day 5 Day 6 Day 7 Day 8 Notch OFF Day 8 Notch ON. 
Gene symbol Protein name Swiss-Prot ID Peptide sequence Site Log2 Ratio      3KTR/ 3KT A549/ 3KT H322/ 3KT H1299/ 3KT. 
The regulated phosphorylation events are shown in Log2 scale. The relative phosphorylation levels with a 2-fold increase or decrease are indicated by bold font. The protein symbol, full name, and Swiss-Prot database protein accession number corresponding to each phosphopeptide, along with the phosphorylated residue location, are shown. “-9999” indicates peptides found in 3KT, but not in H1299. 
miRNA ID Accession # Strand Score Evalue. 
The miRNA candidates used for in situ hybridization are indicated in bold. 
miRNA ID Accession # Strand Score Evalue. 
The miRNA candidate used for in situ hybridization is indicated in bold. The miRNA labelled with a * were the minor mir* sequence corresponding to the complementary sequence of the mature miRNA of the same number. 
Measures Mitochondrial RNA extract Reference panel miRNA Significance. 
MicroRNA 1 µl 5 µl 35 µl Count. 
Assays must have Cp <35 and distinct melting curves to be included in the list. Any assays that showed multiple peaks have been excluded from the data set. Forty six miRNA were significantly detected in the three increasing mRNA inputs. It represented 6% of the human miRNA set tested. 
Gene Symbol Gene Name Fold Change Type. 
The table lists the top-five up- and down-regulated genes derived from IPA analysis. The total number of up- and down–regulated genes in each type are listed along with the functional types, in column 4. 
Canonical Pathways- Day 1 CNTF–associated genes p-value. 
The top-five pathways and associated genes are presented. 
Gene Symbol Gene Name Fold Change Type. 
The table lists the top-five up- and down-regulated genes derived from IPA analysis. The total number of up- and down –regulated genes in each type is listed along with the functional types, in column 4. 
Fold Change Gene name Gene symbol proCADmutant Lightdamage CNTF-treated. 
The pro-CAD and light damage data are from ref. 50. 
Locus Id Species. 
Patient Symptom Onset (yrs) Age (yr) First Examined Gender First Symptom(s) Extremity Sensory Loss Distal Limb Weakness Cerebellar ataxia Dementia Onset(yrs) Death (yrs). 
Foot ulcers; -- Unavailable; K kindred. 
Host Factors implicated in MLV PIC or IN interactions Cellular Function Proposed Function in viral life cycle. 
A compilation of selected host gene products identified as interacting with the MLV Integrase. 
Vitamin C level  Plasma (mg/100 ml) Bone marrow (µg/108 cells)  Vitamin C supplementation/day Group 0.5 mg 15 mg 0.5 mg 15 mg. 
Dietary supplementation of vitamin C 0.5/15 mg/day) was initiated after deprivation of the vitamin for 7 days. The vitamin C contents of plasma and bone marrow were estimated on day 21st by HPLC as described under Materials and Methods . ND means not detectable. * Data represent mean ±S.D. (n?=?4). 
miR Chromosome Fold-changes P -value Expression in cancer Function. 
Specific PDGF BB inducible or repressible microRNAs. 
Changes Frequency (Refs) Pathological and Prognostic association (Refs). 
SRC-3 dysregulation in cancers and malignant disease. 
DFS, disease free survival; OS, overall survival; DSS, disease specific survival; PFS, progression free survival; PSA, prostatic specific antigen; ND, not determined; HCC, hepatocellular cancer; ESCC, esophageal squamous cell cancer; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer. 
Serrated CRCs Matched non-serrated CRCs All non-serrated CRCs Serrated adenomas Serrated adenomas adjacent to cancer Non-serrated adenomas. 
The success rates of DNA analyses. 
CRC, Colorectal carcinoma. 
Putative Jass group        Group 1 Group 2 Group 3 Group 4 Group 5 Unclassified         MSI-H and BRAF V600E mutation MSS/MSI-L and BRAF V600E mutation MSS/MSI-L and KRAS mutation MSS/MSI-L, wild-type KRAS and wild-type BRAF MSI-H, wild-type KRAS and wild-type BRAF MSI-H and KRAS mutation All          n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) N. 
The distribution of serrated and non-serrated cancers according to the Jass classification. 
P < 0.0001, exact contingency table. Groups 1–5 follow the original categorization of Jass, 6 with the exception of CpG island hypermethylation status and the methylation status of hMLH1 and MGMT, which are not included in the definitions of the groups. 
Single case of serrated adenocarcinoma, bearing no evidence of hereditary non-polyposis CRC, is also illustrated in Figure 1G,H , and its clinical characteristics are shown in Table 7 . 
CRC, Colorectal carcinoma; MSI-H, high-level microsatellite instability; MSI-L, low-level microsatellite instability; MSS, microsatellite stability. 
Serrated adenocarcinomas ( n = 42) Non-serrated adenocarcinomas ( n = 59) P -value ( ? 2-test). 
The clinical and pathological features of serrated and non-serrated adenocarcinomas. 
MSI, Microsatellite instability; MSI-H, high-level MSI; MSI-L, low-level MSI. 
Serrated adenomas ( n = 26) * Non-serrated adenomas ( n = 9) P -value ( ? 2-test). 
The clinical and pathological features of serrated and non-serrated adenomas. 
All serrated adenomas, including adenomas adjacent to cancer ( n = 9). 
BRAFV 600E KRAS (all) KRAS c12/13 KRAS c59/61 Either BRAF or KRAS. 
The prevalence and distribution of BRAF V600E and KRAS (codons 12/13 and 59/61) mutations according to the type of neoplasm. 
KRAS c12/13 and c59/61 sequence change Amino acid change Serrated adenocarcinomas, N (%) Non-serrated adenocarcinomas, N (%) Total, N (%) P -value (Fisher's exact test) Serrated adenomas Non-serrated adenomas Total P -value (Fisher's exact test). 
The observed sequence changes and the corresponding amino acid substitutions in KRAS c12/13 and c59/61 in the study population. 
Mutation All, N MSS/MSI-L, n (%) MSI-H, n (%) P -value (Fisher's exact test). 
The prevalences of BRAF V600E and KRAS mutations in serrated and non-serrated adenomas and adenocarcinomas with high-level microsatellite instability (MSI-H) and microsatellite stability (MSS)/low-level microsatellite instability (MSI-L). 
CRC, Colorectal carcinoma; NA, not applicable. 
Case Type of carcinoma Age (years) Family history of cancer Other cancers in patient Mutation status of KRAS / BRAF hMLH1 immunohistochemistry MSH2 immunohistochemistry h MLH1 methylation. 
Features of serrated ( n = 7) and non-serrated ( n = 4) cancers with high-level microsatellite instability with respect to cancer and family history, mutation status of KRAS / BRAF , MLH1/MSH2 immunohistochemistry, and h MLH1 methylation. 
CRC, Colorectal carcinoma. 
h MLH1 methylation MGMT methylation      Yes No  All, N Yes No            All, N n (%) n (%) P -value All, N n (%) n (%) P -value. 
Mutation status of BRAF and KRAS according to the promoter methylation status of h MLH1 and MGMT in serrated and non-serrated cancers. 
NA, Not applicable. 
MGMT expression*   hMLH1 expression           Promoter methylation of MGMT /h MLH1 All, N Positive Negative P -value (Fisher's exact test) All, N Positive Negative P -value (Fisher's exact test). 
The correlation of MGMT /h MLH1 promoter methylation with the immunoreaction of the corresponding proteins in all cancers, serrated cancers and their matched controls. 
For *MGMT immunoreaction, tumour tissue presenting over 10% of positive cells was considered to be positive. 
CRC, Colorectal carcinoma. 
Category of biomarkers Measurements. 
Potential biomarkers for oral carcinogenesis. 
Systematic gene notation Fold reduction/induction Gene and function. 
Fold reduction/induction of mRNA levels of chromosomal maintenance/mitosis related genes in HCT-116 colon cancer cells persistently exposed to deoxycholate. 
Notes: Fold reduction/induction is the ratio of mRNA levels in the deoxycholate-treated cells to the level in the untreated control cells. All fold reduction/induction ratios are the mean of all resistant cell lines HCT-116RB, HCT-116RC, and HCT-116RD compared to long-passage untreated cells and were statistically significant at the 95% probability level (p < 0.05). 
Change in expression (1) in resistant cell lines Gene and function B C D . 
Statistically significant increases/decreases in protein levels of chromosomal maintenance/mitosis related genes in HCT-116R colon cancer cells persistently exposed to deoxycholate. 
Notes: Increase (?), Decrease (?), No Change (O). 
Fold reduction/induction Gene and function. 
Fold reduction/induction of mRNA Levels of mitosis-related genes in colon of mice fed a diet supplemented with deoxycholate. 
Bisphosphonate Dosage Administration Indications Lumbar spine BMD increase. 
Bisphosphonates approved for the treatment of osteoporosis. 
Echocardiographic measurements Cardiac catheterization data      Patient No . Age (years)/Sex Diagnosis NYHA class LVDd mm LAD Mm LVFS % LVEF % MR CI RAP A/V/M RVP S/D/E PAP S/D/M PCWP A/V/M LVP S/D/E. 
Demographic and clinical features of patients with heart failure due to volume-overload. 
MR, mitral regurgitation; MSR, mitral stenosis and regurgitation; AR, aortic regurgitation; ASR, aortic stenosis and regurgitation; TR, tricuspid regurgitation; LVDd, left ventricular diastolic diameter; LAD, left atrium diameter; LVFS, left ventricular fractional shortening; LVEF, left ventricular ejection fraction; CI, cardiac index (L/min/m2); RAP, right atrial pressure; RVP, right ventricular pressure; PAP, pulmonary artery pressure; PCWP, pulmonary capillary wedge pressure; LVP, left ventricular pressure (mmHg); NYHA, New York Heart Association. 
Drug Study phase Treatment design Disease status Clinicaltrial.gov identifier. 
Clinical study for mTOR inhibitor in treatment of HNSCC. 
Intracellular stage Bacterial factors Proposed function References. 
Bacterial factors that contribute to the Francisella intracellular cycle . 
a Contradictory findings obtained . 
b Role in phagosomal escape not examined . 
Intracellular stage Host factors Function References. 
Host factors that contribute to the Francisella intracellular cycle . 
List of intracellular growth defective mutants . 
List of escape defective mutants . 
Strains and FPI gene loci 1 Gene names and references 2 Schu S4 LVS U112 Nano et al. ( 2004 ) Nano and Schmerk ( 2007 ) Ludu et al. ( 2008 ) Barker et al. ( 2009 ) Locus 1 Locus 2 Locus 1 Locus 2 Locus 1    . 
FPI gene nomenclature . 
1Adapted from http://www.francisella.org/. 
2anmK (anhydro-N-acetylmuramic acid kinase); clpV (virulent strain); dot (defect in organelle trafficking); hcp (hemolysin co-regulated protein); icm (intracellular multiplication); igl (intracellular growth locus); pdp (pathogenicity determinant protein); pig (pathogenicity island gene); pmcA (plasma membrane Ca 2 + ATPase); vgr (valine–glycine repeat) . 
Requirement for: Intracellular growth Phagosome escape Cytopathogenicity Virulence     Chick embryos Mice Drosophila. 
Effects of FPI gene mutations on Francisella pathogenicity . 
“Y” indicates that the genes is required for the phenotype tested (gray boxes), “N” indicates that it is not (black boxes). NT, not tested (white boxes). For mutants, such as iglG and iglI, contradicting results exist (dark gray boxes). For strains which carry duplications of the FPI genes, the stated phenotypes and references refer to mutants that contain deletions in both copies of the FPI gene . 
Supporting data from: 1Schmerk et al. ( 2009a ), 2Ludu et al. ( 2008 ), 3Åhlund et al. ( 2010 ), 4Kraemer et al. ( 2009 ), 5Barker et al., ( 2009 ), 6Rodriguez ( 2010 ), 7Asare and Abu Kwaik ( 2010 ), 8Brotcke et al. ( 2006 ), 9Tempel et al. ( 2006 ), 10Golovliov et al., ( 2003a ), 11Lauriano et al., ( 2004 ), 12Bröms et al. ( 2009 ), 13de Bruin et al. ( 2007 ), 14Santic et al. ( 2005b ), 15Bönquist et al. ( 2008 ), 16Lindgren et al. ( 2004 ), 17Bröms et al. (unpublished), 18Weiss et al. ( 2007 ), 19Gray et al. ( 2002 ), 20Read et al. ( 2008 ), 21Vonkavaara et al. ( 2008 ), 22Lai et al. ( 2004 ) . 
Bioinformatic predictions based on protein sequence Experimental data Prediction Amino acids 1 Schu S4 (LVS/U112) Size (kDa) 2 Secretion signal 3 TM domains 4 Bacterial localization 5 COGs 7 Bacterial localization Interaction partner. 
In silico analysis of FPI proteins, demonstrated protein localization and protein–protein interactions . 
1Number of amino acids predicted for FPI proteins from F. tularensis. subsp. tularensis Schu S4. Sizes for homologous proteins from F. tularensis subsp. holarctica LVS and F. novicida U112 are only indicated when they deviate from the Schu S4 sequence in length . 
2Predicted size in kDa of proteins from Schu S4 according to SAPS . 
3SignalP 3.0 prediction of the presence (Y) or absence (N) of a secretion signal . 
4Number of transmembrane (TM) domains predicted with TMHMM 2.0 . 
5Protein localization predicted by PSortb . 
6A lipid attachment site predicted (Rodriguez, 2010 ) . 
7Relatedness to COGs (cluster of orthologous groups; Tatusov et al., 2000 ) . 
8Schmerk et al. ( 2009a ) . 
9Surface localization of IglA, IglB, and IglC occurs upon overexpression of PdpD (Ludu et al., 2008 ) . 
10Mutation of the putative site of lipidation (C22G) prevents OM localization of IglE–FLAG (Rodriguez, 2010 ) . 
11Melillo et al. ( 2006 ) . 
12Barker et al. ( 2009 ) . 
13Golovliov et al. ( 1997 ) . 
14de Bruin et al. ( 2007 ) . 
15Bröms et al. ( 2009 ) . 
16Bröms et al. (unpublished) . 
NA, not applicable . 
OM, outer membrane; IM, inner membrane; CP, cytoplasmic . 
Gene name Philadelphia Lens Paris Corby CaaX motif Gene designation Domains. 
Genes in the four sequenced L. pneumophila genomes that harbor a C-terminal CaaX motif . Genes were identified using the Legiolist website ( http://genolist.pasteur.fr/LegioList/ ) and the “search pattern” tool. 
*Lens CaaX motif is mutated to ALAK, **Lens and Corby CaaX motif is missing the conserved cysteine residue (YSLL), ***Paris 2082 has a frame shift mutation resulting in an 18 amino acid truncation at the C-terminus, abolishing the CaaX motif. AnkB is only known translocated CaaX motif-containing protein . 
Primer name Nucleotide sequence. 
Primers used in this study . 
Polymorphisms Control (%) Nephrotic syndrome (%)  (n=150) Total (n=125) SSNS (n=90) SSNS (n=35). 
Distribution of ACE genotypes in steroidsensitive and steroid-resistant children with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome, and control groups. 
P = 0.0012, total patient versus control. 
P = 0.071 SSNS versus control;. 
P < 0.0001 SRNS versus control;. 
P = 0.016 SRNS versus SSNS;. 
I = Insertion; D = Deletion, SSNS = Steroid-sensitive nephrotic syndrome; SRNS = Steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome. 
C. elegans orthologs Clade Species drh-3 drsh-1 xpo-1 xpo-2 dcr-1 drh-1 pash-1 rde-4 xpo-3. 
Species represented solely by expressed sequence tag (EST) datasets are not included, refer to Table S1 . ‘X’ indicates presence of ortholog. Note that drh-2 is not included due to its sole presence as a pseudogene in Caenorhabditis elegans . See Dataset S1 for corresponding protein sequences. 
C. elegans orthologs   Amplification Proteins Spreading Proteins Clade Species smg-2 smg-6 ego-1 rrf-3 rrf-1 smg-5 rsd-2 rsd-3 sid-1 rsd-6 sid-2. 
Species represented solely by expressed sequence tag (EST) datasets are not included, refer to Table S1 . ‘X’ indicates presence of ortholog. Note that rrf-2 is not shown, as it may represent a pseudogene found only in Caenorhabditis elegans . See Dataset S2 for corresponding protein sequences. 
C. elegans orthologs   Argonautes RISC Proteins Clade Species alg-1 R06C7.1 C04F12.1 F58G1.1 alg-4 rde-1 C16C10.3 ppw-1 csr-1 ppw-2 sago-1 T22B3.2 T22H9.3 alg-2 ergo-1 prg-1 F55A12.1 T23D8.7 nrde-3 sago-2 T23B3.2 Y49F6A.1 ZK1248.7 prg-2 C06A1.4 a C14B1.7 a tsn-1 ain-1 a vig-1 ain-2 a. 
Pseudogene in C. elegans . 
Species represented solely by expressed sequence tag (EST) datasets are not included, refer to Table S1 . ‘X’ indicates presence of ortholog. Caenorhabditis elegans -specific argonautes are not shown (M03D4.7; ZK218.8). See Dataset S3 for corresponding protein sequences. 
C. elegans orthologs Clade Species eri-1 xrn-2 adr-2 xrn-1 adr-1 lin-15b eri-5 eri-6/7 eri-3. 
Species represented solely by expressed sequence tag (EST) datasets are not included, refer to Table S1 . ‘X’ indicates presence of ortholog. See Dataset S4 for corresponding protein sequences. 
C. elegans orthologs Clade Species mut-7 cid-1 ekl-1 gfl-1 mes-2 ekl-4 mes-6 rha-1 ekl-6 zfp-1 mut-2 ekl-5 mes-3 mut-16 rde-2. 
Species represented solely by expressed sequence tag (EST) datasets are not included, refer to Table S1 for these data. ‘X’ indicates presence of ortholog. See Dataset S5 for corresponding protein sequences. 
Clade Species Number of RNAi effector proteins. 
Total number of RNAi effector proteins identified for each species. 
Age Strain Lens weight, mg WS proteins mass, mg WIS proteins mass, mg Ratio WIS/WS. 
Spot number Identified protein Sequence coverage, % Spot number Identified protein Sequence coverage, %. 
Unmodified proteins are indicated by bold fonts. 
Age 3 weeks 12 weeks 62 weeks Strain Wistar OXYS Wistar OXYS Wistar OXYS. 
Age 3 weeks 12 weeks 62 weeks Strain Wistar OXYS Wistar OXYS Wistar OXYS. 
A) Direct effects        . 
Top thirty DS dosage effects on A) HSA21 and B) other chromosomes. 
PATHWAY (Source Database) Pathway size P-value FWER P-value Genes on HSA21 HSA21 Interactors Others. 
Enriched neuropathological pathways. 
TF Description Cromo-some P-Value Binding motif Strand. 
Enriched TFBSs. 
Binding motifs have been represented using the IUPAC nomenclature and incorporating lower case for low frequency bases. 
Ensembl HUGO Score Entropy Chromo-some Start position End position Band CNV. 
Novel DS dosage effects. 
Clone Sequence. 
Only the random sequence portions of the aptamers are shown. Substitutions relative to Aptamer E01 are shown in bold italics. 
Cell type Effect Reference(s). 
MeCP2 deficiency in different cells. 
Mechanism Model Reference(s). 
Regulation of Bdnf by MeCP2. 
Targets Function Reference(s). 
MeCP2 targets and their function. 
Crh, corticotropin-releasing hormone; Dlx5, distal-les homeobox 5; Ssh, somatostatin; Trhr, thyrotropin-releasing hormone receptor; Thra, thyroid hormone receptor alpha; Trapp, transformation/transcription domain-associated protein. 
  pPRAS40 pTSC2 pTBC1D4. 
Abbreviations: Ser473=serine 473; Thr308=threonine 308. 
The table provides the correlation coefficient ( R ) and degree of significance ( p ) obtained for each variable shown using the Spearman's pair-wise correlation test. 
  Whole group ( n =52) EGFR unmet ( n =22, 42%) EGFR met ( n =30, 58%) P -value. 
Abbreviations: mFOLFIRI=modified FOLFIRI (irinotecan 180?mg?sqm?1 d1, 5FU bolus 400?mg?sqm?1 d1, 5FU 2400?mg?sqm?1 continuous infusion for 46?h); PR=partial remission; SD=stable disease; PD=progressive disease; PFS=progression-free survival; OS=overall survival; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Only statistically significant P -values have been indicated. 
  EGFR monoallelic ( n =18, 60%) EGFR biallelic ( n =12, 40%) P -value. 
Abbreviations: mFOLFIRI=modified FOLFIRI (irinotecan 180?mg?sqm?1 d1, 5FU bolus 400?mg?sqm?1 d1, 5FU 2400?mg?sqm?1 continuous infusion for 46?h); PR=partial remission; SD=stable disease; PD=progressive disease; PFS=progression-free survival; OS=overall survival; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor. 
No statistically significant differences could be noticed among the two groups of patients. 
  HNPC CRPC P -value % Fall % Unchanged % Rise. 
Abbreviations: CRPC=castrate-resistant prostate cancer; HNPC=hormone-naïve prostate cancer. 
  HNPC CRPC P -value % Fall % Unchanged % Rise. 
Abbreviations: CRPC=castrate-resistant prostate cancer; HNPC=hormone-naïve prostate cancer; MAPK=mitogen-activated protein kinase. 
ED50 values for DHA and curcumin effects on breast cancer cell lines. 
aInitial ED50 values calculated as mean ± SD concentration required for 50% inhibition of proliferation from two independent triplicate assays. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Primers for PCR reactions. 
SYMBOL ACCESSION GENE fold change adj. p-value. 
Influence of pharmacogenetics on the efficacy of cytotoxic drugs. 
* “ ” indicates an increase in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
† “ ” indicates a decrease in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
‡ “ NA ” indicates that there is no association between the corresponding gene and the pharmacokinetics of the drug;. 
§“ NK ” (Not Known) indicates that pharmacogenetic data have not been found in the published literature;. 
|| “grey cells” indicate that the gene is not related to the pharmacokinetics of the drug. 
Influence of pharmacogenetics on the toxicity of cytotoxic drugs. 
* “ ” indicates an increase in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
† “ ” indicates a decrease in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
‡ “ NA ” indicates that there is no association between the corresponding gene and the pharmacokinetics of the drug;. 
§“ NK ” (Not Known) indicates that pharmacogenetic data have not been found in the published literature;. 
|| “grey cells” indicate that the gene is not related to the pharmacokinetics of the drug. 
Influence of pharmacogenetics on the pharmacokinetic profile of drugs in clinical development. 
* “ ” indicates an increase in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
† “ ” indicates a decrease in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
‡ “ NA ” indicates that there is no association between the corresponding gene and the pharmacokinetics of the drug;. 
§“ NK ” (Not Known) indicates that pharmacogenetic data have not been found in the published literature;. 
|| “grey cells” indicate the gene is not related to the pharmacokinetics of the drug. 
Influence of pharmacogenetics on the efficacy of drugs in clinical development. 
* “ ” indicates an increase in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
† “ ” indicates a decrease in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
‡ “ NA ” indicates that there is no association between the corresponding gene and the pharmacokinetics of the drug;. 
§“ NK ” (Not Known) indicates that pharmacogenetic data have not been found in the published literature;. 
|| “grey cells” indicate that the gene is not related to the pharmacokinetics of the drug. 
Influence of pharmacogenetics on the toxicity of drugs in clinical development. 
* “ ” indicates an increase in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
† “ ” indicates a decrease in drug exposure, efficacy or toxicity;. 
‡ “ NA ” indicates that there is no association between the corresponding gene and the pharmacokinetics of the drug;. 
§“ NK ” (Not Known) indicates that pharmacogenetic data have not been found in the published literature;. 
|| “grey cells” indicate that the gene is not related to the pharmacokinetics of the drug. 
miRNA Abundance value in thyroid gland. 
Most abundantly expressed miRNAs in human healthy thyroid gland. The table reports the most abundantly expressed miRNAs in human normal thyroid gland; data are derived from http://www.mirz.unibas.ch/cloningprofiles/ . The tool screened a total of 768 human miRNAs. Only miRNAs with an abundance value over 3.0 have been reported in the table. 
Thyroid tumor type Analyzed samples Methods Tumor upregulated miRNAs Tumor downregulated miRNAs Reference. 
Studies of deregulation of miRNA expression profile in thyroid tumors. The table reports a list of published studies on the deregulation of miRNA expression profile in different kinds of thyroid tumors. Type of analyzed thyroid samples, used analysis methods and individuated upregulated or downregulated miRNAs in thyroid tumors are depicted in the table. 
Drug Oral daily dose Major targets. 
Some of the TKIs currently used for the treatment of MTC in clinical trials and off-label. 
Karyotype No. of patients (%). 
Cytogenetic abnormalities in 386 patients with t-MN. 
One patient with an abnormality of chromosome 5 and t(3;21), and is listed twice in the table. 
Mutated Gene AML de novo t-MN. 
Frequency of gene mutations in AML de novo and t-MN. 
NPM1 mutations are associated with a normal karyotype in t-MN. 
Female Male Homozygotes (%) Heterozygotes (%) No. of adults. 
Adult viability of pyd alleles. 
Crosses were carried out at 25°C. 
aActual. 
bExpected. 
Female Male % Embryonic lethal No. of hatched + dead. 
Embryonic lethality of pyd maternal and zygotic mutants. 
Crosses were carried out at 25°C. 
Antibodies/probes Dilution Source. 
Antibodies and probes. 
Patient Enzastaurin (uM) ARA014418 (uM) CI. 
CI Values at Different Concentrations of Enzastaurin and AR-A014418 in ex vivo Patient Samples. 
Developmental defects Biochemical defects In vivo phenotype defects Ref. KO mouse Stage pre- TCR Affected PLC ? l phos Ca++ flux Erk phos NFAT activ IL-2 prod Proliferation Actin polym Adhesion Activated phenotype AICD TH2 response Pathogen clearance Eosinophilia. 
Comparison of phenotypes between TCR-inducible signaling molecules. Table depicting developmental, biochemical, and phenotypic defects observed in mice deficient for the indicated gene in the first column. A “Yes” response denotes confirmation of the defect, while “N.A.” indicates “not applicable” and “N.D.” indicates “not determined”. References for the defects are listed in the last column. 
Variables Median and range. 
Variables Median and range. 
B p. 
Forward Reverse. 
CHOP, C/EBP (CCAAT/enhancer binding protein) homologous protein; ATF4, activating transcription factor 4; XBP1s, spliced X Box binding protein 1; XBP1u, unspliced X Box binding protein 1; TRB3, tribbles homolog 3; LAT1, L-type amino acid transporter 1; SNAT2, sodium-coupled neutral amino acid transporter 2; 4F2hc, 4F2 heavy chain; ASC1, sodium-independent alanine-serine-cysteine transporter 1; MAD1, mitotic arrest-deficient 1; GAPDH, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. 
Discovery phase a Extension phase b Total gastric cancer cases vs. controls   Case(N?=?81) Control(N?=?85) p -value Case(N?=?398) Control(N?=?360) p -value Case(N?=?479) Control(N?=?445) p -value. 
Incidence gastric cancer cases identified in December 2005 and their age-sex matched controls from the KMCC. 
Newly identified and prevalent gastric cancer cases from the KMCC and newly enrolled gastric cancer cases from Chungnam University Hospital and Hanyang University GURI Hospital and their age-sex matched controls from the KMCC. 
Ever smokers were defined as former and current smokers. 
Ever drinkers were defined as former and current drinkers. 
GENE db SNP ID #SNPs a MAF (%) b CHR c CHRposition Raw p-value d * Permutated p-value e OR (95% CI) f. 
Total number of selected SNPs within each candidate gene. 
Minor allele frequency among controls. 
Chromosome number. 
Raw p -values calculated in the trend model with a cut-off level ?0.01. 
100,000 permutations for single SNP in the trend model. 
Adjusted for age, smoking (never vs. ever), H. pylori infection (positive vs. negative) and CagA seropositivity (positive vs. negative). 
Seven representative SNPs with a raw or permutated p value<0.02 identified in the discovery phase were analyzed in the extension phase. 
Excluded due to a SNP call rate <95%. 
*All BH-FDR p -values were not significant ( p >0.05). 
Discovery phase a Extension phase b Total gastric cancer cases vs. controls GENE SNP MAF c (%) OR (95% CI) d MAF c (%) OR (95% CI) d MAF c (%) OR (95% CI) d , e OR (95% CI) d , f *. 
Incidence gastric cancer case identified in December 2005 and their age-sex matched controls from the KMCC. 
Newly identified and prevalent gastric cancer cases from the KMCC and newly enrolled gastric cancer cases from Chungnam University Hospital and Hanyang University GURI Hospital and their age-sex matched controls from the KMCC. 
Minor allele frequency among controls. 
Adjusted for age, smoking (never vs. ever), H . pylori infection (positive vs. negative)and CagA seropositivity (positive vs. negative). 
Pooled analysis including all gastric cases and controls form each study dataset. 
Meta analysis using fixed effect model for combined analysis. 
*No heterogeneity across the phases (Cochran Q test, P -heterogeneity >0.05) except for rs10901081 ( p ?=?0.040). 
VEGF expression HIF-1? expression     IGF-1 L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 and L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 and L.obtusiloba extract. 
Expression of VEGF and HIF-1? in human HCC cell lines. 
Whole cell lysates from cells treated with 100 ?g/ml L.obtusiloba extract, 125 ng/ml human IGF-1 or a combination of both for 48 h and from untreated cells as control were analyzed by western-blot specific for VEGF and HIF-1?. ?-Actin was stained for equal loading control and specific band intensities were normalized to ?-actin. VEGF and HIF-1? protein expression levels were calculated in relation to the respective untreated cells. Mean values ± SD from three independent experiments. *P < 0.05 compared to the untreated control, # P < 0.05 compared to IGF-1-treated cells. 
PPAR? expression COX-2 expression iNOS expression      IGF-1 L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 and L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 and L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 and L.obtusiloba extract. 
Expression of PPAR?, COX-2 and iNOS in human HCC cell lines. 
Cell lysates of HCC cell lines as described for Table 1, were subjected to specific western-blots for PPAR?, COX 2 and iNOS and for ? actin as equal loading control. Densitometry of specific band intensity was normalized to ?-actin expression. Mean values ± SD from three independent experiments. PPAR?, COX-2 and iNOS protein expression levels were calculated in relation to the respective untreated cells. Mean values ± SD from three independent experiments. *P < 0.05 compared to the untreated control, # P < 0.05 compared to IGF-1-treated cells, n.d. - not detected. 
Hep3B SK-Hep1     IGF-1 L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 and L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 L.obtusiloba extract IGF-1 and L.obtusiloba extract. 
Effects of L.obtusiloba extract on basal and IGF-1-induced signal transduction via IGF-1R. 
HCC cells were treated with 100 ?g/ml L.obtusiloba extract, 125 ng/ml IGF 1, a combination of both or remained untreated for 24 h. Phosphorylation of IGF-1R and its downstream targets Akt, Stat3 and Erk were studied in whole cell lysates by specific western-blot analysis as shown in representative blots in Fig. 3. Activation of the proteins was determined from densitometric assessment in comparison to total expression levels of the respective non-phosphorylated protein. Mean values ± SD in relation to untreated cells from three independent experiments. *P < 0.05 compared to the untreated control, # P < 0.05 compared to IGF-1-treated cells. 
Small molecule inhibitors Signal proteins inhibited Amount used to treat cells Cell elongation index Preventive effect (%). 
Effect of Various Small Chemical Inhibitors on MSP-Induced Spindle-Like Morphologies in RON-Expressing MDCK cells*. 
*M-RON cells (1 × 104 cells/well) in DMEM containing 1% FBS were stimulated with 2 nM of MSP in the presence of absence of individual small chemical inhibitors for 24 h. Cell morphological changes were observed under microscope and photographed with CCD camera. Cell elongation index (CEI) was determined by measuring the length of individual adherent cells among various groups. CEI from control cells was set as one. The percentages of preventive effect were calculated by comparing with as the CEI from MSP-treated cells previously described [ 45 ]. 
Superfamily Class Group. 
Protein kinase classification. 
Protein kinases are broadly classified into two major superfamilies (ePKs and aPKs). The ePKs groups, families, and subfamilies adopted in the present work followed the proposed hierarchy described elsewhere [ 15 , 16 , 27 ]. 
Group S. mansoni C. elegans Brugi malayi C. elegans RNAi phenotype. 
Orthology relationships among ePKs of S. mansoni , B. malayi , and C. elegans and RNAi phenotype for C. elegans proteins. 
Orthology relationships were inferred based on phylogenetic trees. RNAi phenotype for C. elegans were visualized by recent work [ 68 ] that relied on identification and analysis of essential genes. 
After phylogenetic analysis. 
S. mansoni ePKinome annotation improved by phylogenomics. 
Through phylogenetic analysis, we have improved the functional annotation of 40% of S. mansoni ePKs by changing protein classification at the group and family levels, assigning subfamilies, and classifying proteins without any previous classification. 
Targets Metabolic pathway Activity Drugs: inhibitors or activators References. 
Therapeutic targets. 
Gene Metabolic phenotype References. 
Major metabolic phenotypes of cell cycle regulators mutant mice. 
Parameter Rat Human Rat/human ratio. 
Respiratory and Physiological Parameters in the Rat and Human and Their Influence on Fiber Deposition. 
a Pinkerton (1992). 
Crocidolite Chrysotile Endpoints High* 8.25* {2800} Low 0.16 {60} High 8.23 {2457} Low 0.18 {32} . 
Molecular and Phenotypic Markers Measured in Subchronic Rat Inhalation Studies Using Asbestos. 
Note. Modified from Shukla, Vacek, and Mossman (2004b) . Asterisk indicates time-weighted average concentration (mg/m3 air). {} = Average number of fibers >5 ?m/cc air (PCOM). N.D., not done. () = Time of observed change. Endpoints of cell proliferation including incorporation of 5'BrdU in individual cells by histochemistry, mRNA levels of the early response protooncogene, c-jun, and odc, a marker of tumor promotion, and hydroxyproline levels, a marker of increased collagen production, in lung homogenates, were measured after 5 and 20 d of exposure to asbestos types at 2 concentrations. 
Fiber Type Weighted T½ fibers, L > 20 ?m (d) Reference. 
Clearance Half-Times of Fibers. 
Exon Nucleotide change Amino acid change Domain Notes Number of cases. 
SOS1 Exonic Indels and Missense Changes Identified in the Study. 
Nucleotide numbering reflects cDNA numbering with 1 corresponding to the A of the ATG translation initiation codon in the reference sequence (NM_005633.3). Exon 2 corresponds to the first protein coding exon. Novel mutations are in bold. 
Variant inherited from an affected parent. 
Variant inherited from an apparently unaffected parent. 
Variant concomitant with the disease-causing p.Met269Arg change. 
HF, histone folds; DH, DBL homology domain; PH, plekstrin homology domain; REM, RAS exchanger motif, CDC25, CDC25 domain. Fam.unknown, familial status unknown; NPS, unavailable parental DNA samples. CTRL, variant not occurring in ?300 population-matched unaffected subjects; de novo, variant demonstrated to occur de novo by DNA genotyping of unaffected parents; PPhen++, amino acid change predicted to be “probably damaging” by PolyPhen; PPhen+, amino acid change predicted to be “possibly damaging” by PolyPhen; PPhen?, amino acid change predicted to be “benign” by Polyphen; SIFT+, amino acid change predicted to “affect protein function” by SIFT; SIFT?, amino acid change predicted to be “tolerated” by SIFT; CON, variant at a conserved residue. 
Lung Colon Skin Breast Prostate Leukemia. 
Currently known clinically identified activating or biologically significant cytoplasmic domain mutations in RTKs classified by kinase sub-domains associated with the most lethal tumor types. * denotes a loss-of-function mutation, JM: juxtamembrane domain, PL:P-loop, ?C: ?C-helix, ?C-?4: ?C-?4 loop, HC: Hydrophobic Core, AL: A-loop, AD1: Asymmetric Dimer Interface in ErbB family, AD2: Asymmetric Dimer Interface in Ret, CT: C-terminal Tail. See also Table 2 . 
Ovary Kidney Thyroid Gastro Intestinal Neuro Blastoma. 
Currently known clinically identified activating or biologically significant cytoplasmic domain mutations in RTKs classified by kinase sub-domains associated with the most lethal tumor types. JM: juxtamembrane domain, PL: P-loop, ?C: ?C-helix, ?C-?4: ?C-?4 loop, HC: Hydrophobic Core, AL: A-loop, AD1: Asymmetric Dimer Interface in ErbB family, AD2: Asymmetric Dimer Interface in Ret, CT: C-terminal Tail. 
Name Target Company Class. 
FDA approved RTK inhibitors and antibodies currently in use. 
EGFR active ErbB2 active ErbB4 active EGFR inactive ErbB2 inactive ErbB3 Inactive ErbB4 inactive . 
Persistent hydrophilic interaction network in ErbB kinase monomers; bolded entries are salt bridges while non-bolded entries are hydrogen (H-bonds). The entries are aligned so homologous interactions are in line. The conserved active interactions are boxed in brown, while the sequestering interactions are boxed in orange. 
Up regulated in pII Down regulated in pII. 
*downregulated in pII, +upregulated in pII. 
Up-regulated in pII Down-regulated in pII. 
Functional class * Epithelial markers +Mesenchymal markers. 
*Downregulated in pII, +upregulated in pII. 
Characteristics No. OS p-value. 
OS: median overall survival (weeks). CEE, cyclophosphamide-epirubicin-etoposide. CEV/PE, cyclophosphamide-epirubicin-vincristine alternated with carboplatin-etoposide. 
OS p-value PFS p-value. 
Cut off values were the median of each microRNA expression OS: median overall survival (weeks), PFS: median progression-free survival (weeks). 
Etoposide Cisplatin  CC p-value CC p-value. 
CC: correlation coefficient by Spearman method. 
GK WKY. 
Identified active regulatory networks in three stages in GK and WKY rats individually. The thresholds of significant pathways in different stages are set to be 0.05. 
GK WKY. 
Active regulatory networks classification according to their functions. 
Diseases & Disorders Mgmt ?/? treated with MAM vs. vehicle (N?=?362) Mgmt ?/? treated with MAM vs. vehicle (N?=?57) anchored to O 6-mG. 
Pathway analysis showing the four most significant biological functions altered in at least one time point in the brains of MAM-treated vs. vehicle-treated Mgmt ?/? mice. The center column shows 362 genes that were significantly modulated by MAM, of which 57 genes individually satisfied criteria for DNA lesion anchoring (right). 
Diseases & Disorders wt vs. Mgmt ?/? treated with respect to MAM vs. vehicle (N?=?153) wt vs. Mgmt ?/? treated with respect to MAM vs. vehicle (N?=?60) anchored to O 6-mG. 
Pathway analysis showing the four most significant biological functions altered in the brains of Mgmt ?/? vs. wt mice treated with respect to MAM vs. vehicle (all time-points combined). 
Mgmt ?/? MAM vs. vehicle plus wt vs. Mgmt ?/? with respect to MAM vs. vehicle (Total molecules N?=?443) Diseases and Disorders Physiological System Development and Function. 
Pathway analysis showing the four most significant diseases and disorders linked (left columns) and physiological systems (right columns) altered in the brains of MAM-treated vs. vehicle-treated Mgmt ?/? mice plus Mgmt ?/? vs. wt mice treated with respect to MAM vs. vehicle. Data were aggregated and all time points were combined for a total of 443 molecules. 
Top KEGG Pathways Genes Phenotype. 
Top brain KEGG pathways (derived from 443 MAM-modulated genes, see Table 3 ) and the number of MAM-modulated genes and human diseases associated with each pathway. Note the prominent involvement of the Wnt, insulin and MAPK signaling pathways, in addition to the presence of pathways involved in inflammatory and other responses. AD: Alzheimer disease. ALS: Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. CC: Colon cancer. PD: Idiopathic Parkinson's disease. 
Transcriptional Response Element P Value. 
Enriched transcription factor binding sites among genotype-specific differentially expressed genes between MAM and vehicle-treated animals. Data based on 60 differentially expressed genes anchored to O 6-mG levels (see Fig. 6 ). 
Lesion Type: AdjNTL AAH AIS Adenocarcinoma. 
13 subjects lacked an adenocarcinoma sample either because it was no longer available (4) or because the patient had a different type of lung cancer (1 mixed adeno/squamous, 5 large cell carcinomas, 2 squamous cell cancers and 1 carcinoid). 
Total number of subjects from which AdjNTL, AAH, AIS or adenocarcinoma was studied: 63. MetNTL was obtained from an additional 30 subjects. 
Number of each type of lesion obtained from a single subject Subjects with AAH Subjects with AIS Subjects with AD. 
In addition, a single AdjNTL was obtained from each of 63 subjects and a single MetNTL sample was obtained from each of 30 subjects. 
Median PMRs p-values for pair-wise comparisons of tissue types 1  Locus MetNT (n?=?30) AdjNT (n?=?63) AHH (n?=?73) AIS (n?=?31) AD 2 (n?=?52) MetNT vs. AdjNTL AdjNTL vs. AAH AAH vs. AIS AIS vs. AD AdjNTL vs. AD Designation. 
p-values are from GEE analysis. Designations of “early” “intermediate” and “late” are based on statistically significant p-values with the restriction that any locus designated as hypermethylated have a median PMR value of ?1 (bolded). This was done to minimize attributing significance to biologically meaningless differences. 
AD?=?adenocarcinoma. 
The OPCML/HNT primer/probe set recognizes two adjacent CpG islands for the homologous OPCML and HNT genes. 
Inhibitor/chemical Signaling cascade/effect Concentrations Pretreatment (h). 
MDCK cells were treated with the solvent used for dissolving the chemicals, DMSO or PBS (control) or serial dilutions of the indicated chemicals for the indicated time. The cells were infected with influenza A virus (MOI, 0.01) and 24 h after the infection, RT-PCR was used to measure the virus yield in the medium. The proliferation of influenza virus was inhibited in a dose-dependent manner for all chemicals (graphs not shown). N?=?4 for each experiment. 
Mouse models used for analysis of the role of polyamine pathway in colon carcinogenesis. 
Role of dietary polyamines in colon carcinogenesis in ApcMin/+ mouse model. 
  N =10. 
Abbreviations: eGFR, estimated glomerular filtration rate; IQR, interquartile range; PCI, percutaneous coronary intervention. 
Continuous values are expressed ad mean±S.D.; categorical values are expressed as a total number and as a percentage of the global population (in parenthesis). 
Variable n. patients %. 
Characteristics of the 42 AJCC stage IIIC melanoma patients. 
*NA, not available. 
† low LDH is established as LDH values ? 0.8 times the upper limit of normal; high LDH is defined as LDH values > 0.8 times the upper limit of normal. 
LINE1 CpG site # events/# patients* Extent methylation † Median OS (95%CI) ‡ 5 year OS (%). 
OS of stage IIIC CM patients according to LINE- 1 methylation. 
* number of patients who died (# events) and total number of patients in the group (# patients) are reported;. 
† Patients were divided according to the % of methylation of the specified CpG site being < or ? the median % methylation measured in the examined patients' population;. 
‡ Survival functions were calculated by the Kaplan-Meier method. Data are reported as Median OS in months, together with the corresponding 95% Confidence Intervals (CI). 
LINE1 CpG site # events/# patients* Extent methylation † HR ‡ 95% CI; P value HR cont. § 95% CI; P value. 
Cox analysis of the influence of LINE- 1 methylation on OS of stage IIIC CM patients. 
* number of patients who died (# events) and total number of patients in the group (# patients) are reported;. 
† Patients were divided according to the % of methylation of the specified CpG site being <or ? the median % methylation measured in the examined patients' population;. 
‡ Cox proportional hazard method was used to examine the effect of LINE-1 methylation on OS. Results were presented as Hazard Ratios (HR) with corresponding 95% Confidence Intervals (CI);. 
§ LINE-1 methylation was also evaluated as continuous variable. The HR value is that of the LINE-1 methylation relative to an increase of 10%;. 
** set as reference. 
Variables MSI-H tumors (N = 75) MSI-L/MSS tumors (N = 1,098) p-value. 
Clinico-pathological differences between MSI-H and MSI-L/MSS CRCs. 
Categorical variables were analyzed using a chi-square test with Yate's correction. 
Comparisons of quantitative variables between groups used Student's t -test. 
Gene Symbol 1 Frequency of CN Gain Frequency of CN Loss Gene expression profile    MSS 2 MSI-H 2 P-value MSS 2 MSI-H 2 P-value MSS 2 MSI-H 2 Fold-change (p-value). 
Cancer genes showing differences in copy number aberration between CRC subtypes. 
1 The list of cancer gene from the Cancer Genome Project ( http://www.sanger.ac.uk/genetics/CGP/ ). 
2 The sample sizes of MSS and MSI-H are 13 and 16, respectively. 
3 ND: Genes are not expressed in tumor tissue. 
Genotype Mean number n Standard deviation Significance. 
Summary of photoreceptor and cone cell quantifications from Pros and dPax2 genetic manipulations. 
Statistical differences from wild-type numbers were analyzed by one-way ANOVA. * P < 0.05, ** P < 0.001; NS, not significant; ND, not determined. 
Gene name Length (AA) Mut SNP PDB codes (sequence range). 
Overview of genes. 
Abbreviations: AA, amino acid, Mut, number of mutations, SNP, number of SNPs, PDB, Protein Data Bank. 
Training Performance Cross validation     Feature combination true false ratio true false ratio. 
Performance of linear classifiers. 
Abbreviations: Solv, Solvent Accessibility, Stab, Stability, Func, Functional Sites, Clust, Clustering. 
Prediction    Feature combination DCLK3 MMP2 PIK3C3 TGM3 EPHA3. 
Prediction of cancer gene classes. 
Abbreviations: Solv, Solvent Accessibility, Stab, Stability, Func, Functional Sites, Clust, Clustering, O, Oncogene, S, Tumor Suppressor. 
Lymphoma Type mTORC1 activation PI3K/Akt activation MEK/ERK dysregulation Ref/s. 
Evidence of aberrant activation of mTORC1, PI3K/Akt, and Raf/MEK/ERK pathways in B-cell lymphomas. 
Phase Locations Clinical trial gov. number Additional information. 
Ongoing clinical trials with rapalogs in patients with NHL. 
Rat Group K d (moles × 10?15) ? (min). 
The calculated dissociation constants ( K d ) and binding affinity constants ( ? ) of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) with its receptor at the coronary endothelium (N = 8). 
Coronary endothelium: dissociation constants significant at P < .05 for (a, f), (b, d), (b, e), (c, f) and P < .001 for (a, b), (a, d), (a, e),(a, g), (b, c), (b, f), (c, d), (c, e), (c, g), (d, e), (d, f), (e, f), (f, g). The other comparative values are not significant ( P > .05). Binding affinities significant at P < .05 for (c?, f?) and P < .001 for (a?, b?), (a?, c?), (a?, d?), (a?, e?), (a?, g?), (b?, c?), (b?, d?), (b?, f?), (b?, g?), (c?, d?), (c?, e?), (c?, g?), (d?, e?), (d?, f?), (d?, g?), (e?, f?), (e?, g?), (f?, g?). The other comparative values are not significant ( P > .05). 
Rat group K d (moles × 10?15) ? (min). 
The calculated dissociation constants ( K d ) and binding affinity constants ( ? ) of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) with its receptor at the cardiomyocytes (N = 8). 
Cardiomyocytes: dissociation constants significant at P < .05 for (b, c), (b, g), (c, d), (e, f), (f, g) and P < .001 for (a, b), (a, c), (a, e), (a, f), (a, g), (b, d), (b, e), (b, f), (c, e), (c, f), (c, g), (d, e), (d, f), (d, g), (f, g). The other comparative values are not significant ( P > .05). Binding affinities significant at P < .001 for (a?, b?), (a?, c?), (a?, d?), (a?, e?), (a?, f?), (a?, g?), (b?, c?), (b?, d?), (b?, e?), (b?, f?), (b?, g?), (c?, e?), (c?, f?), (c?, g?), (d?, e?), (d?, f?), (d?, g?). The other comparative values are not significant ( P > .05). 
Common name Generic name (Brand name if applicable) Classification Primary Use. 
* Classical refers to retinoic acid receptor (RAR) agonism. 
† Nonclassical refers to rexinoid receptor (RXR) agonism. 
‡ Atypical refers to receptor independent retinoids. 
Tumor type Cell line Rhox5 P1A Tumor type Cell line Rhox5 P1A. 
Rhox5 and P1A mRNA expression in mouse cancer cells. 
* Footnote: "+" represents a strong while "-/+" very weak and "-" undetectable signals of cDNA amplification after 35 cycles of PCR following reverse transcription (RT). The status of P1A expression in some cancer cell lines has been reported in our previous study [ 35 ]. 
Primary Cells or Cell Lines RT-PCR Bisulfite Sequencing ChIP Assay. 
Summary of locations of key data from various cells. 
n.d., not done. AF: Additional File. 
MODEL Model 1 Model 2 Model 3 Model 4 Model 5. 
Quality and accuracy scores for the built models. 
A high threading score indicates a better fit of the sequence in the structure. A low molecular mechanics energy indicates a more relaxed structure. 
Structural Z-scores less than -2.0 indicate problems in the model, scores less then -4.0 indicates serious errors. RMS Z-scores should be close to 1.0. 
Cell Viability. 
In-vitro Survival of RT112 Human Bladder Cancer and Normal Diploid Human Fibroblasts. 
(+++ = same morphological appearance as untreated contros, --- = total morphological cell death. See Figure 2A for typical examples). 
Cell Viability. 
In-vitro Survival of H460 Human Non-small Cell Lung Cancer and Normal Diploid Human Fibroblasts Following Exposure to Cyclic Non-Amphiphilic or Linear Amphiphilic Analogues of PRGPRP. 
Cell Viability. 
In-vitro Survival of H460 Human Non-small Cell Lung Cancer and Normal Diploid Human Fibroblasts Following Exposure to Cyclic Amphiphilic Analogues of PRGPRP. 
Cell Line Source Histology. 
Human in-vitro cancer cell lines showing a complete response to 200 ?M THR53. 
Mdm2+/+ Mdm2C305F/C305F APT121;Mdm2+/+ APT121; Mdm2C305F/C305F. 
APT121;p19Arf+/+ APT121;p19Arf?/?. 
T-cell neoplasms * Expression of abnormal hRgr Number of samples. 
The presence of the abnormal hRgr transcript in patient samples. 
Abbreviations used for T-cell neoplasms: T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL), Peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL), Mycosis fungoides (MF), Anaplastic large T-cell lymphoma (ALCL), Adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma (T-ATLL) and Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma (T-AILT). 
Abbreviations used for B-cell neoplasms: B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL), Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), Mantle cell lymphoma (MCL), Follicular lymphoma (FL), Hodgkin’s lymphoma (HL), Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) and Marginal zone lymphoma (MZL). 
Down % Up % Total %. 
Microarray Analysis of Luteolin Effects on Gene Expression in MCF-7 Cells. 
MCF-7 cells were treated for 5 hours with estradiol (5 nM) or estradiol (5 nM) plus luteolin (17.5 ?M). Cells were harvested for RNA preparation and microarray analyses. Luteolin regulated genes were determinate by dChip comparison of the expression patterns between the cells treated with estradiol alone or estradiol plus luteolin. 
Gene Estradiol Regulated Genes Fold Change Entrez Gene. 
Genes in the ESP Whose Expression was Significantly Changed by Estradiol (5 nM) or luteolin (17.5 ?M) Treatment of MCF-7 Cells for 5 Hours. 
Modulated by both Estradiol and Luteolin. 
Gene Estradiol Regulated Genes Fold Change Entrez Gene. 
Genes in the CCP Whose Expression was Significantly Changed by Estradiol (5 nM) or Luteolin (17.5 ?M) Treatment of MCF-7 Cells for 5 Hr. 
Modulated by both Estradiol and Luteolin. 
SD rat DH rat     Vehicle Vehicle Capto RBX. 
Systemic effects of drug treatment in DH rats. 
Notes: FFA: free fatty acid; Capto: captopril treatment; RBX: ruboxistaurin treatment; SD: Sprague Dawley rat; DH: diabetic hypertension. * indicates statistical difference in comparison with control (P < 0.05). 
Ach Insulin Ach + Insulin SNP   Groups Max, % IC50(× 10-7M) Max, % IC50(× 10-10M) Max, % IC50(× 10-7M) Max, % IC50(× 10-8M). 
Maximal vasorelaxations and concentrations elicited half-maximal vasorelaxation to acetylcholine (ACh), insulin, ACh with insulin, and sodium nitroprusside (SNP). 
Notes: SD+V: Vehicle treated Sprague-Dawley rats. H+V: Vehicle treated DH rats. H+C: Captopril treated DH rats. H+R: ruboxistaurin treated DH rats. * indicates statistical difference in comparison with SD+V (P < 0.05). † indicates statistical difference in comparison with H+V (P < 0.05). 
Phenylephrine Insulin + L-NAME 60 mM KCl    Groups Max, % EC50(× 10-7M) Max, % EC50(× 10-6M) Max, %. 
Maximal constriction and concentrations elicited half-maximal vasoconstriction to phenylephrine and insulin with L-NAME. 
Notes: SD+V: Vehicle treated Sprague-Dawley rats. H+V: Vehicle treated DH rats. H+C: Captopril treated DH rats. H+R: ruboxistaurin treated DH rats. * indicates statistical difference in comparison with SD+V (P < 0.05). † indicates statistical difference in comparison with H+V (P < 0.05). 
Reaction Equation kf (nM?1 s?1) kb (s?1) kcat (s?1). 
Reaction Equation kf (nM?1 s?1) kb (s?1) kcat (s?1). 
Reaction Equation kf (nM?1 s?1) kb (s?1) kcat (s?1). 
Reaction Equation kf (nM?1 s?1) kb (s?1) kcat (s?1). 
To compensate for the inability to implement the known voltage dependent control of calcium dynamics that was beyond the scope of the present research, an irreversible calcium buffer (CaB) was injected after calcium influx ceased for the sole purpose of returning calcium concentration to resting level with a time course similar to experiments. 
Molecule Name General Cytosol (nM). 
Molecules not listed have initial concentrations of 0. A single molecule produces a concentration of 28 nM in the dendrite subvolumes of the single spine morphology; thus molecule concentrations less than 28 nM indicate that some subvolumes contained a single molecule and some did not, to produce the indicated concentration averaged over the entire morphology. General cytosol means that molecules populated the entire morphology. 
*Molecules initialized in the dendrite submembrane are specified in picoMoles per µm2 (picoSD). 
#Molecules initialized in the spine cytosol were excluded from the PSD, except for PKA species. 
&Only one of these concentrations applied, depending on whether molecules were anchored in the spine, or in the dendrite. 
Molecule Name Diffusion Constant ( µ m2/sec). 
Note: Molecules not listed above do not diffuse; their diffusion constants are zero. 
NR2A-NMDAR [35] NR2B-NMDAR [35] NR2A/NR2B-NMDAR [36] AMPAR [40]. 
STR locus Alleles: EP-AR and EP-AR TMPRSS2/ERG Alleles: LHSR and LHSR TMPRSS2/ERG. 
Claudin protein or mRNA expression Reference. 
Claudin expression in bronchial, alveolar and mesothelial cells. 
* = only mRNA expression found. 
bold = both mRNA and protein expression found. 
normal text = only protein expression found. 
UIP* ARDS Inflammation Lung SQC** Lung AC** Lung SCC** Reference. 
Claudin expression changes in different lung pathologies. 
CL = Claudin; UIP = Usual interstitial pneumonia; ARDS = acute respiratory distress syndrome; SQC = Squamous cell carcinoma; AC = Adenocarcinoma; SCC = Small cell carcinoma. 
* = arrows represent metaplastic alveolar cells. 
** = qtRNA results compared with lung tissue expression. 
Chemotherapeutic ED50 ED75 ED90. 
Interaction of reovirus and chemotherapy on PC3a. 
adata is presented as combination index values ± SEM of three independent experiments at the effective dose indicated. 
Chemotherapeutic ED50 ED75 ED90. 
Interaction of reovirus and chemotherapy on Du 145a. 
adata is presented as combination index values ± SEM of three independent experiments at the effective dose indicated. 
Methylation Specific Primers Unmethylation Specific Primers Product Size. 
Methylation-Specific PCR (MSP) Primer Sequences for NIS gene. 
M = methylated product; U = unmethylated product. 
Ras Proteins K d by A (µM) n (kcal mol?1) (kcal mol?1) (cal mol?1 K?1) K d by B (µM). 
The value of n was also determined as 1.0 for the binding of K-RasB to Ca2+/CaM by using Cross-linking. 
NB, no binding observed in the present conditions. 
Thermodynamic parameters, K d, , and n , were determined using a single set of identical sites model. The standard molar binding free energy ( ) and the standard molar binding entropy ( ) for the binding reaction were calculated using Equations 1 and 2 respectively. The buffer used was 20 mM HEPES buffer (pH 7.4) containing 150 mM NaCl, 1 mM CaCl2, and 1 mM MgCl2. Errors shown are standard errors of the mean. 
[NaCl] (M) K d (µM)  K-RasB K-RasB-farn. 
The buffer used was 20 mM HEPES buffer (pH 7.4) containing 0.10–1.0 M NaCl, 1 mM CaCl2, and 1 mM MgCl2. Errors shown are standard errors of the mean. 
COX-2 expression in tumor tissue. 
Classification of patients with high or low COX-2 expression in tumor tissue. 
Mean ± SEM. 
T = tumor tissue. 
NM = Normal colon tissue. 
1Approx. TNM; A = T1, N0, M0; B = T2/T3, N0, M0; C = T2/T3/T4, N1/N2, M0; D = T2/T3/T4, N1/N2, M1. 
Tag Primer Sequence (5'-3') Bp. 
Primers used for methylation analysis. 
Gene ?/? FC Function Gene Symbol (GeneID). 
Genes listed according to the magnitude of most altered expression between tumor tissue and normal mucosa from the same patients with tumors of high intrinsic COX-2 expression. 
? increased expression. 
? decreased expression. 
Gene ?/? FC Function Gene Symbol (GeneID). 
Genes listed according to the magnitude of most altered expression in tumor tissue of high intrinsic COX-2 expression. 
? increased expression. 
? decreased expression. 
Gene ?/? FC Function Gene Symbol (GeneID). 
Genes listed according to the magnitude of most altered expression in normal mucosa from patients with tumors of high intrinsic COX-2 expression. 
? increased expression. 
? decreased expression. 
Gene Product FC 1.5 FC 2.0 FC 3.0 Referencea. 
Significant alterations in expression of previously reported important transcription factors in tumors of high intrinsic COX-2 expression. 
AP-2?, AP-2?, AP-2?, NFAT1 and Retinoic acid receptor were also tested, but no expression were found. 
? increased expression; ? decreased expression; FC is log2 fold changes. 
a published report with emphasis on transcription factor in regulation of COX-2 gene. 
Gene Product FC 1.5 FC 2.0 FC 3.0 Referencea. 
Significant alterations in expression of previously reported important external cell signaling factors and enzymes in tumors of high intrinsic COX-2 expression. 
? increased expression. 
? decreased expression. 
FC is log2 fold change. 
a published report with emphasis on the current factors. 
Gene Product FC 1.5 FC 2.0 FC 3.0. 
Significant alterations in expression of transcription factors and cell signaling factors in normal colon mucosa from patients with tumors of high intrinsic COX-2 expression. 
All factors listed in Table 6 and 7 were evaluated. 
CARD 11 TRA@ IL6 IL1B AKT1. 
Gene expressions in tumor tissue with high COX-2 expression compared to tumor tissue with low COX-2 expression confirmed by q-PCR. 
*ANOVA analysis. 
CARD11 = caspase recruitment domain family, member 11. 
TRA@ = T cell receptor alpha locus. 
IL6 = Interleukin 6. 
IL1B = Interleukin 1?. 
AKT1 = v-akt murine thymoma viral oncogene homolog 1 or protein kinase B. 
Pathway Component Aae Cqu Aga. 
The number of orthologs encoding various Wnt, non-canonical Wnt, Notch, Jak-STAT, Hedgehog, Receptor tyrosine kinase, and TGF ? signaling pathway components are indicated for each of the three mosquito species. Numbers refer to the number of orthologous sequences present in the three mosquito genomes for each D. melanogaster gene indicated at left. Results are reported only for genes in which the number of orthologous sequences varies between D. melanogaster and at least one of the mosquito species. Although the pathway components are generally very well conserved, changes in the number of orthologous sequences for several genes encoding components of the indicated signaling pathways (most notably Wnt, Notch, and FGF) were observed. 
Process and Gene Aae Cqu Aga Process and Gene Aae Cqu Aga. 
The number of orthologous sequences for D. melanogaster genes that regulate the processes of axis formation, segmentation, segmental patterning (Hox genes), germline specification, neurogenesis, and apoptosis are indicated for each of the three mosquito species. Although genes regulating these fundamental developmental processes are generally very well conserved, changes in the number of orthologous sequences for several genes implicated in these processes were observed in mosquitoes. Results are reported only for cases in which the number of orthologous sequences varies between D. melanogaster and at least one of the mosquito species. Reported numbers refer to the number of orthologous sequences present in the three mosquito genomes for each D. melanogaster gene indicated at left. 
Tissue and Gene Aae Cqu Aga. 
The number of mosquito orthologs of genes related to salivary gland and olfactory system development, as well as cuticle components are indicated for the three mosquito species examined in this study. Numbers refer to the number of orthologous sequences present in the three mosquito genomes for each D. melanogaster gene indicated at left. Results are reported only for cases in which the number of orthologous sequences varies between D. melanogaster and at least one of the mosquito species. Although the genes are generally well conserved, changes in the number of orthologous sequences for several D. melanogaster genes implicated in these processes were observed in mosquitoes. 
Process and Gene Aae Cqu Aga. 
The number of mosquito orthologs for particular genes known to regulate sex determination, dosage compensation, head development, and egg diapause are indicated. Numbers refer to the number of orthologous sequences present in the three mosquito genomes for each D . melanogaster gene indicated at left, and results are only reported for genes in which the number of orthologous sequences varies between D . melanogaster and at least one of the mosquito species. 
Repeats of amino acid Aae Aga Cqu. 
The numbers reported correspond to the total count of repetitive residues found in the developmental genes of each species. Mosquito developmental genes contain numerous amino acid repeats, with serine repeats being most common. As discussed in the text, numerous repetitive sequences are a common structural feature of Drosophila and mosquito developmental genes. 
Rank # Aae Aga Dmel. 
The rank order of miRNAs with the greatest number of predicted developmental gene targets varies in the D. melanogaster and mosquito genomes [137] . Ranks are reported from the highest (1) to lowest (10) predicted number of matches. 
CX3CL1 / Ki-67 CX3CL1 / GILZ GILZ / Ki-67. 
Spearman's test. 
Fisher's test    statistical  Patient distribution significance  Cluster 1 Cluster 2   Low proliferating High proliferating . 
CX3CL1 (scored 0) CX3CL1 (scored 2–6) Student t test  N?=?6 N?=?15 . 
PKD NPHP SLSN EVC JAth OFD ALMS JS BBS MKS. 
Different Cilia Associated Phenotypes and Examples of Ciliopathies. 
PKD: Polycystic kidney disease; NPHP: nephronophthisis (OMIM 256100); SLSN: Senior-Løken Syndrome (OMIM 266900); EVC: Ellis van Creveld (OMIM 225500); JATD: Jeune asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy (OMIM 208500); OFD: Orofaciodigital syndrome; ALMS: Alström syndrome (OMIM 203800); JS: Joubert Syndrome/Cerebello-oculo-renal syndrome (OMIM 213300); BBS: Bardet-Biedl syndrome; MKS: Meckel-Gruber syndrome; CNS: Central nervous system. 
Biochemical marker Gene defect Relevance to LB disorders Source of biomarker. 
Genetics and biomarkers in LBD. 
CSF: cerebrospinal fluid; GBA: glucocerebrosidase; A ? : ? -amyloid; NF: neurofilament; ND: not yet determined; PD: Parkinson's disease; DLB: Dementia with Lewy body; UCHL1: ubiquitin carboxy terminal hydrolase L1; PINK 1: PTEN-induced putative kinase 1; LRRK2: leucine-rich repeat kinase 2; LOF: loss of function; SNP: single nucleotide polymorphism. 
Model Renal phenotype Cardiovascular phenotype Other phenotype References. 
Role of (pro)renin receptor (PRR) signaling in kidney development and disease. 
SHR: spontaneously hypertensive rats, CE: convergent extension, LVH: left ventricular hypertrophy, PRR : human PRR gene, PRR: human PRR protein, Prr : mouse PRR gene. 
Gene/Accession No. Mer Amplicon Efficiency(%) Conc. Resources. 
Compared Groups ?-actin fold difference RFC fold difference. 
Tumor type a Grade b Stage c Bilharziasis d. 
Urothelial vs. non-urothelial. 
I vs. II vs. III. 
Muscle-invasive vs. non-muscle invasive. 
Bilharzial-associated vs. non-bilharizal-associated bladder tumor. 
P -values (Mann-Whitney and Kurskal-Wallis tests); NS, not significant. 
Protein name Accession number Gene symbol Cellular location § Evidence for role in angiogenesis [Reference]. 
PM?=?Plasma Membrane, ECM?=?Extracellular Matrix, S?=?Secreted. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer Annealing temp. (°C) Amplicon size (bp). 
Ct values‡ Diagnosis* Tumour grade* Stage† BCL9 IDAX RPL19. 
Real-time reverse transcription–PCR was used to detect the levels of IDAX and BCL9 mRNAs in samples from non-cancerous ovarian tissues and ovarian carcinomas (Origene), according to the manufacturer's suggestions. Expression of RPL19 was detected as a positive control. Real-time PCR was carried out with the ABI Prizm (Applied Biosystems) and the Ct (threshold cycle) values were obtained according to the manufacturer's instructions. SYBR Green was used for quantitative PCR as a double-stranded DNA-specific fluorophore. The following primers were used for detection of IDAX , BCL9 and RPL19 mRNAs: IDAX, forward 5?-CAGCCAAGAAGAAGAGGA-3? and reverse 5?-GGGAACAGGTGTTCTCTCTA3-?; BCL9 , forward 5?-ACGACCTCAGAGCAGAGTAT-3? and reverse 5?-GACAAGACAGTGCTGAAGAG-3?; RPL19 , forward 5?-CAATGAAATCGCCAATGCCAACTC-3? and reverse 5?-TGGACCGTCACAGGCTTGC-3?. *Information obtained from the manufacturer (OriGene) regarding Ovarian Carcinoma Panel I; †information on stage is related to ovarian carcinoma specimens only; ‡positive expression is defined by Ct value below 35, whereas negative expression (neg) is defined as the absence of a detectible signal or Ct value equal or higher than 35. FIGO, International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics; AJCC, American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
Gene Reference(s). 
Overview of published data on Wnt target gene expression in EOC. BIRC5 , survivin; CLDN , claudin 1; EDN1 , endothelin 1; FST , follistatin; MMP11 , stromelysin 3; PLAUR , plasminogen activator, urokinase receptor; PTTG , pituitary tumour-transforming 1; RARG , retinoic acid receptor ?; SOX , sex-determining region box; JAG , jagged; SNAI , SnaiL. 
Gene Up-regulation (fold) Down-regulation (fold) Cell line. 
Cells were cultured as monolayers or MCAs. To create MCAs, cells were released from the monolayers using trypsin/EDTA solution, resuspended in minimal essential medium containing 2% fetal bovine serum, plated over solidified 0.5% agarose, and allowed to form spheroids overnight at 37 °C and 5% CO2. Total RNA for cDNA microarray experiments was extracted using TRIzol® (Invitrogen), according to the manufacturer's instructions. All DNA microarray gene expression studies used human oligonucleotide arrays custom printed by a dedicated core facility within the Eppley Institute for Research in Cancer and Allied Diseases, University of Nebraska Medical Center (Omaha, N.E., U.S.A.) as described previously [ 16 ]. Microarray slides were scanned with a ScanArray 4000 confocal laser system (PerkinElmer). Analysis of microarray gene expression data, accumulated from three independent experiments, was performed as described [ 16 ]. n/a, not applicable. VCAN , versican. 
Enzymatic activity Localisation Substrates/targets Function. 
The mammalian Sirtuins. 
Association with cancer. 
Cancers associated with Sirtuins and their proposed mechanism of involvement. 
Bcl-2 Inhibitor Study Reference. 
Pancreatic cancer studies using Bcl-2 inhibitors. 
Compound Trade name Structure Targets Clinical trials Refs. 
Molecules used in preclinical and clinical trials as RET tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
[***] Eder et al. [ 62 ]. LoRusso et al. [ 63 ]. Ross et al. [ 64 ]. Salgia et al. [ 65 ]. 
microRNAs Fold change Targets Target Description Fold change rho Function  LHR+ LH+   LHR+ LH+  . 
microRNA Oncogenes Gene name Target ( rho ). 
Antibodies Phosphorylation in animal models Phosphorylation in humann diseases Reference. 
Summary of the studies on Nephrin and Neph1 phosphorylation under disease conditions. 
The numbers in the column “antibodies” mean the site of phosphorylation based on the mouse Nephrin sequence (accession number AAK38483). “1208 and 1232” means separate antibodies and “1191/1208” antibody recognizes both phosphorylaion sites. pTyr means commercial antiphosphotyrosine antibodies. PAN: puromycin aminonucleoside; LPS: lipoporysaccharide; PS: protamine sulfate; PHN: passive Heymann nephritis. MCN: minimal change nephrosis; MN: membranous nephropathy. *Mice overexpressing c-mip; **mice injected with 27A antibody against podocyte-specific 9-O-acetylated GD3 ganglioside. 
Type Abbreviation Family name. 
Protein tyrosine kinase classification. Tyrosine kinases classified into ePK groups, families, and subfamilies followed the proposed hierarchy described elsewhere [ 7 – 9 ]. RTK: receptor tyrosine kinase. CTK: cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase. 
Type Family S. mansoni C. elegans H. sapiens. 
Distribution of some tyrosine kinase families in S. mansoni , C. elegans , and human. S. mansoni tyrosine kinases were classified according to KinBase [ 6 ] by combining sequence similarity searches (HMMs) and phylogenetic analysis [ 15 ]. For comparison, occurrence of the ePKs families in C. elegans and human is shown. RTK: receptor tyrosine kinase. CTK: cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase. (See the list of abbreviations for the respective family full name). 
Type SchistoDB Family 3-day schistosomula 7-day schistosomula Adult worms    EST EST EST SAGE. 
EST and SAGE data of the S. mansoni tyrosine kinases. Protein identifiers were retrieved from SchistoDB . [ 14 ]. Gene expression was evaluated in three different mammalian host stages, 3- and 7-day-old schistosomula and adult worms. RTK: receptor tyrosine kinase. CTK: cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase. Protein families are also indicated. (See the list of abbreviations for the respective family full name). 
Drug Phase Tumor type Combination agent. 
Src inhibitors with other agents in clinical trials. 
n Kd (?M) ?Hº (kcal/mol) ?Gº (kcal/mol) T?Sº (kcal/mol). 
Thermodynamic parameters for binding of KRIT1 FERM domain, wild type and R452E mutant, to Rap1B bound to GMP-PNP. 
Kd = 1/Ka; ?Gº = –RT ln Ka ; ?G = ?H – T?S. 
Antibody Target Blocking/Antibody Dilution Buffer* Primary Antibody Dilution† Secondary Antibody Dilution Antibody Source (1°/2°)‡. 
Western blot antibody dilution. 
*TBST, 100 mM Tris-buffered saline pH 7.4 with 0.1% Tween-20. † BSA, bovine serum albumin. ‡ Primary (1°) and secondary (2°) antibodies were obtained from Sigma, Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Inc. (S.C.; Santa Cruz, CA) and Cell Signaling Technology (CST). 
Ingredients (% wt/wt) Control Cholesterol Li-Fu formula. 
Formulation and calculated composition of experimental diets. 
(a)Celery is also known as Apium graveolens ; (b)Black fungus indicates Wood ear, or pinyin: mù ?r, lit. “wood ear" or “tree ear" are commonly sold in Asian markets as dietary supplement; (c)The standard for the name “mushroom" is the cultivated white button mushroom, Agaricus bisporus . 
Pt Location at diagnosis 1st line Rec site TTP (wks) 2nd line Rec site TTP (wks) 3rd line Rec site TTP (wks) Treatment after anti-EGFR agent. 
Details on the treatment of the three ACC patients receiving anti-EGFR agents. 
Cetux: cetuximab, Cis: cisplatin, CT: computed tomography scans, HSR: hypersensitivity reaction, Iri: irinotecan, LN: lymph nodes, MMC: mitomycin C, PD: disease progression, Rec site: site of recurrence, RT: radiotherapy, wks: weeks. 
Proteins in essential processes associated with apoptosis Mitochondrial changes associated with apoptosis Effectors of apoptosis. 
Proteins in essential for survival processes, mitochondrial changes and effectors associated with trypansomatid apoptosis. 
a. Apoptosis is triggered by agents interfering with tubulin polymerization. 
b. Awaits confirmation. 
c. Unknown function in trypanosomatid apoptosis. 
In brackets, the genus or the species involved. 
Category Measures. 
Potential biomarkers for oral carcinogenesis. 
Study Publish year country (study Yrs) Increased risk (OR with 95% CI) Cancer type(s). 
(a) Population studies of oral antidiabetic medications and cancer risk. 
Study Publish Year country (study Yrs) Total number of studies Total ( n ) Insulin analyzed Increased risk?. 
(b) Meta-analyses of insulin and cancer. 
Study Publish year country (study Yrs) Total ( n ) Insulin analyzed Increased risk?. 
(c) Population studies of insulin and cancer risk. 
Regulated genea Symbol Genbank no. Fold of changeb DBT RAS RA. 
Genes related to bone development are up regulated by DBT. 
aGenes known to play role in bone development are selected for illustration; bChange of gene expressions as compared to the control (no drug treatment). “—” below detection. 
Gene Accession No. Common Name FC q value. 
(FC?=?fold-change). 
Gene Accession No. Common Name FC q value. 
(FC?=?fold-change). 
Accession number Gene FC Accession number Gene FC. 
Accession number Gene FC Accession number Gene FC. 
*Not significant by RT-PCR. 
**FC?=?2.3, q<0.05. NS according to our threshold of FC?2.50. 
SystemGene Human HD R6/2 6 w R6/2 12 w CHL2 22 m Primary striatal neurons  Log2FC P value Log2FC P value Log2FC P value Log2FC P value Log2FC P value. 
RNA levels are presented as Log2 fold change (Log2FC) of the HD condition compared to control for each microarray experiment. Human caudate data are from [10] , R6/2 and CHL2 data are from [9] , primary striatal neuron data are from [23] . 
Tumor type Gene alteration Mouse models Functions Hh-based clinical trial. 
For references, please check reviews by Yang et al . [105] , Teglund et al . [106] , and references therein. 
Inhibitor Other name 50% inhibition concentration (IC50) In vitro/in vivo studies References. 
  c-Met     High Low P -value. 
Abbreviations: EGFR = epidermal growth factor receptor; IHCC=intrahepatic CC; UICC=Union for International Cancer Control; VEGF=vascular epithelial growth factor. 
  c-Met     High Low >P-value. 
Abbreviations: EGFR = epidermal growth factor receptor; EHCC=extrahepatic CC; fm=fibromuscular layer; VEGF=vascular epithelial growth factor. 
  Overall survival Disease-free survival   HR 95% CI P -value HR 95% CI P -value. 
Abbreviations: CI=Confidence interval; EGFR = epidermal growth factor receptor; HR=Hazard ratio; IHCC=intrahepatic CC. 
Cell line Wistar T1-3 42XY Wistar T1-3 42XY Wistar T1-3 42XY Wistar T1-3 42XY Wistar T3-11 42XY DA T4-27 42XY DA T4-30 42XY. 
N/A: not applicable. 
*1: One chimera died before weaning. 
Disease Disease gene/molecular defect Generated neural cell type Disease-specific genotype/phenotype in iPSCs and/or generated neural cells Reference. 
Patient-specific pluripotent stem cells in neurological diseases. 
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), Angelman syndrome (AS), Becker muscular dystrophy (BMD), Down syndrome (DS), Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), familial dysautonomia (FD), Friedreich's ataxia (FA), Huntington disease (HD), I- ? -B kinase complex-associated protein (IKBKAP), neural crest precursor cell (NCPC), neural stem cell (NSC), Parkinson disease (PD), Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS), small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) HBII-85 (SNORD116), survival motor neuron (SMN), superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1), spinal muscular atrophy (SMA), ubiquitin protein ligase E3A (UBE3A), and ventral midbrain (vm). 
Disease Species Model Transplanted cells Delivery route Outcome Reference. 
iPSC-based cell-replacement therapy in preclinical animal models of neurological diseases. 
6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA), dopaminergic (DA), fibrin glue (FG), induced-pluripotent stem cell (iPSC), matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP9), midbrain (mb), middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO), Parkinson's disease (PD), phosphorylated vascular endothelial growth factor receptor2 (pVEGFR2), progenitor cell (PGC), and spinal cord injury (SCI). 
Statin-induced myopathy Hepatic toxicity. 
Potential risk factors for statin-induced myopathy (SIM) and hepatic side effects of statins. 
Possible approaches to manage statin intolerant patients. 
Switching to another statin (preferably with different metabolism). 
An alternate-day or weekly dosage of statins with longer half-life. 
Combination therapy (with ezetimibe) with infrequent statin dosing. 
Nonstatin lipid lowering drugs (BSA ezetimibe, fibrate, nicotinic acid). 
Dietary manipulation and nutraceuticals. 
Abbreviation: BSA, bile acid sequestants. 
Genotype E12.5 E13.5 E14.5 E15.5 Birth. 
Viability of Progeny from Crosses between Sur-8 flox/flox and Sur-8 ?/+; Tie2-Cre Mice. 
Viability was determined by the presence of visible heartbeats. 
Embryonic stage #embryos VSD TGA DORV RAA. 
Cardiac Phenotypes in Sur-8 ?/ flox ; Tie2-Cre Embryos. 
Abbreviations: VSD, ventricular septal defect; RAA, right aortic arch; DORV, double-outlet right ventricle; TGA, transposition of the great arteries. 
Kinase IC50 a , nmol/L. 
IC50, the concentration of AST1306 inducing 50% inhibition of kinase activity. IC50s were calculated by Logit method and expressed as means ± SD. 
Ontogenetic stage Regulated pathway Regulation P value No. of regulated genes Genes involved in pathway. 
The comparison between the dietary gestational protein levels (HP vs. AP) is shown in dependence of the regulatory direction (up or down). 
Ontogenetic comparison Diet Regulated pathway Regulation No. of regulated genes Genes involved in pathway P value. 
The comparison between dietary gestational protein levels (AP, HP) is shown in dependence of the regulatory direction (up or down). 
Gene name Microarray  qRT-PCR #  Correlation ##  p-value FC Regulation p-value FC Regulation Expr. values. 
calculated by factorial normalization on RPL10 expression values;. 
p-value of Spearman's rho; n.r. - not regulated. 
** p <0.01;. 
*** p <0.001. 
Gene name Probe set ID Sequence 5? – 3? Accession no. T( C) Size (bp). 
DHCR7 - 7-dehydrocholesterol reductase; GADD45B - growth arrest and DNA-damage-inducible, beta; HMGCR - 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase; NDUFA4 - NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase MLRQ subunit; NDUFS7 - NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase 20 kDa subunit; NDUFS8 - NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase 23 kDa subunit; PPARGC1A - Peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma coactivator 1 alpha; PRKAA1 – 5?-AMP-activated protein kinase, catalytic alpha-1 chain; PRKAA2 – 5?-AMP-activated protein kinase, catalytic alpha-2 chain; RPL10 - Ribosomal protein 10. 
*House keeping gene. 
Construct Foci/ng DNA. 
The table lists the number of foci induced, standardized to 1 ng DNA. The standard error for these focus determinations is 6 %. All constructs are expressed in CEF with the RCAS vector. 
Assay % ASYM Pattern n p Sen(%) Spe(%) PPV(%)  Condition       ASYM SYM     . 
% ASYM Pattern , percent of evaluated sister cell pairs or sister nuclei pairs showing an asymmetric protein expression pattern; ASYM , under conditions that promote asymmetric self-renewal; SYM under conditions that promote symmetric self-renewal; n , number of pairs randomly evaluated under each condition for two independent assays; p , Fisher's exact test for the statistical confidence of specific asymmetric pattern detection vs. symmetric pattern detection; Sen , test sensitivity; Spe , test specificity; PPV , test positive predictive value. 
Compounds Possible mechanisms of anti-HCC References. 
Summary of anti-HCC herbal compounds. 
Herbal composite formula Possible mechanisms of anti-HCC References. 
Summary of anti-HCC herbal composite formula. 
Classic herbal composite formula Patient numbers (treated/control) Dosing and duration The anti-HCC effects Refs. 
Summary of clinical reports using herbal medicines to treat patients with HCC. 
Gene Forward sequence Reverse sequence. 
Downregulated Upregulated. 
List of the 56 SRF-modulated genes containing “classic CArG” element that are altered in response to mild-SRF overexpression in vivo. The down-regulated genes are in the left column, whereas up-regulated genes are in the right column. Genes marked with a “*” are those which were found in this study to contain previously unreported CArG elements. Genes marked with a “+” are genes which contain both “classic CArG” and non-classic “CarG-like” elements. 
Category CArG CArG-like Without CArG/CArG-like*, or insufficient data. 
Functional categories of SRF-modulated genes. Each of the 207 SRF-modulated genes was assigned to one of 12 categories. 56 genes contained classic CArG elements, 136 genes contained CArG-like elements, 15 genes did not have both elements, or there are not sufficient data to show that they had either element. 
Gene identifier 6Mo SRF Tg vs. nTg GDS488 7 day MI GDS794 21 day TAC GDS446 dnPI3K GDS488 1 hr MI GDS446 caPI3K GDS144 5 wk exercise GDS591 Doxy. (-), (tTA)+ GDS591 Doxy. (+), (tTA)+ GDS488 4 hr MI GDS488 24 hr MI GDS496 3 wk TNFa+ GDS488 8 wk MI GDS794 2 day TAC GDS2258 female TAC GDS1001 ATP1a1+/– GDS2258 male TAC GDS1302 3 ug/kg TCDD GDS144 10 min exercise GDS794 10 day TAC GDS1247 Dysf –/– GDS648 IGF1R+, caPI3K GDS1302 6 ug/kg TCDD GDS1302 1.5 ug/kg TCDD GDS144 4 wk exercise GDS2335 diabetic Endu GD S2335 healthy Endu GDS648 IGF1R+, dnPI3K Percent agreement. 
Comparison of expression of the SRF-modulated genes containing classic CArG elements between mild overexpression SRF transgenic mouse and other mouse models. The cardiac gene microarray data of 27 experiments were downloaded from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database. The expression of SRF-modulated genes was compared among mild-SRF transgenic (Tg) mice and other mouse models in the GEO database that used the same Affymetrix gene chip as in our experiment. The majority of these mouse models used in comparison also had hemodynamic, ischemic or exercise induced stress. The results indicate that 13 genes (in pink) in other mouse models were either up-regulated or down-regulated in the same direction as that in the mild-SRF Tg mouse (labeled as “A” for agreement in the direction of change with the SRF Tg mouse). There were 20 genes (in purple) that showed a mixed pattern of being either “up- or down-regulated” (labeled as “A” for agreement or “D” for disagreement in the direction of change with the SRF Tg mouse) in the various models compared with the SRF Tg mouse. The other 15 genes (in light blue) were allaltered in the opposite direction to that which was observed in the mild-SRF Tg mouse (“D” for disagreement). 
Note: Columns from left to right: The 1st column shows the gene symbol. The 2nd column (in yellow) shows the direction of alteration of genes in the mild over-expression SRF Tg hearts. Columns 3–29 are a list of mouse models in the GEO database used for comparison. Experimental systems (columns) and genes (rows) were sorted so that those with the highest percentage agreement with the SRF Tg mouse in differentially expressed genes were toward the upper-left corner of the table ( Table 3 ). The last column of the right and the last row at the bottom provides the percentage agreement of differentially expressed genes in the various models with the SRF Tg model. 
Gene name Penetrance of the RNAi phenotype (%) Biological function Reference. 
. 
List of Some Provided Animal Studies According to Pathophysiological Condition. 
Abbreviations: IR-insulin resistance; T2DM = Type 2 diabetes mellitus; T1DM = Type 1 diabetes mellitus; HF = heart failure. 
GO term GO name* P-Value. 
Over-represented GO terms in the camera eye-specific genes. 
* (F), GO terms Molecular Function; (P), Biological Process. 
Gene of interest Genbank Accession Numbers Sequences of primers Amplicon length (bp). 
Details of primer sequences used in qPCR analysis. 
No . Protein name Gene name Uniprot accession Mw (Da) p I Number of Matched Sequence coverage Score Ratio (experiment/control) Phosphorylation sites                  peptides (%)  Ratio t test . 
Identification of differential phosphoproteins in EGF-stimulated and unstimulated NPC CNE2 cells by 2-D DIGE and MS. 
VSa13 (CHONDROCYTIC LINEAGE) VSa16 (OSTEOBLASTIC LINEAGE). 
List of biological processes GO categories enriched among genes differentially expressed in mineralizing VSa13 and VSa16 cells. 
Functional annotation tool from the d atabase for a nnotation, v isualization and i ntegrated d iscovery (DAVID; v6.7) has been used to identify significant biological processes among differentially expressed genes. p < 0.05 (P) and fold enrichment (FE) was higher than 1.1. 
Gene description GO BP/MF FC M FC MV Score. 
Gene description (according to SAPD database [ 28 ]), GO classification, FC and scores of common genes regulated during mineralization of VSa13 cells (FCM) versus mineralization with vanadate (FCMV). 
Genes were selected according to their patterns of expression (1st group: FCM > 1.5 and FCMV < 0.67; 2nd group: FCM < 0.67 and FCMV > 1.5) and highest scores (1st group: FCM/FCMV > 10; 2nd group: FCMV/FCM > 10). GO classification was subdivided in biological processes (BP) and molecular function (MF). Two-class SAM test were performed with FDR and FC limits lower than 5% and higher than 1.5. 
Gene description GO BP/MF FC M FC MV FC PV. 
Gene description (according to SAPD database [ 28 ]), GO classification and FC common genes regulated during mineralization of VSa13 cells (FCM) versus mineralization + vanadate (FCMV) versus proliferation + vanadate. 
Genes were selected according to their patterns of expression (1st group: FCM > 1.5, FCMV < 0.67 and FCPV < 0.67; 2nd group: FCM < 0.67, FCMV > 1.5 and FCPV > 1.5). GO classification was subdivided in biological processes (BP) and molecular function (MF). Two-class SAM test were performed with FDR and FC limits lower than 5% and higher than 1.5. 
RefSeq GeneID Genscan RNAgenes total % of total % of unamb . Averages/ run. 
Deep tag sequencing statistics. 
Summary statistics of the mapping of reads generated by the DGE pipeline. 
TOP NETWORKS Associated Network Functions Focus Molecules Score. 
Functional analysis of differentially expressed EGF responsive genes. 
List of Ingenuity Networks and Biological Functions generated by mapping the 1164 focus molecules that were differentially expressed during EGF treatment according to RankProd. 
ID name genes regulated genes connections. 
Functional analysis of EGF responsive pathways. 
List of GlobalAncova derived differentially expressed KEGG functions upon EGF treatment indicating the total number of genes, the number of regulated genes and the number of connections (shared regulated genes) to other pathways. The number identifying each KEGG category are the same used for the nodes in the graph on Figure 7. 
Categories Clusters LHR-,LHR+,1h,4h,8h, 20h #. of genes GO(s) enriched Pathways enriched. 
12 gene clusters identified from the differentially expressed genes. 
Plots in the 2nd column represent the expression pattern of six conditions (SKOV-3 control, i.e. mock-transfected (LHR-), LHR expression but with no added LH, and incubation of the LHR+ cells with LH for 1h, 4h, 8h, and 20h) "?" and "?" denote responses of up-regulation and down-regulation, respectively and "-" denotes no alteration of gene expression. 
21 pathways uniquely involved in the up-regulated genes. 
Pathways significantly enriched by differentially expressed genes regulated by LH (p-value < 0.5). 
The number in each cell represents the number of differential genes involved in the corresponding pathway. (Note: the top areas designate up-regulated genes, while the underlined (bold) one (bottom) signify down-regulated genes.). 
General function Number of pathways involved. 
Number of altered pathways contributing to a general cell function (The detailed of each pathway can be found Additional file 1, Table S6-7). 
Type Target name LHR+ LH1 LH4 LH8 LH20. 
Illustration of the reported therapeutic targets that are regulated by LHR activation. 
Fold changes are shown; the category (successful, clinical trial or research) indicates the different phase of the therapeutic targets discovery. 
Company Compound Mechanism of Action Phase of Clinical Development Dosing Types of Cancers Tested. 
Agents in clinical development that target the insulin-like growth factor pathway. 
Primer Direction Sequence Amplicon Size. 
Target Sequence Position in gene sequence Exon silenced Variants affected. 
This Table identifies the particular exon silenced and the alternative splice variants predicted to be affected. 
Cell-line Basal level of apoptosis (%) Level of apoptosis following camptothecin (%) Student's t test ( p ). 
Cell-line No of animals inoculated Incidence of tumors * Median latent period in days (range) Mean weight of tumors (mg.) **   No %  . 
Tumor incidence is the percentage of mice with tumors/total number of inoculated animals. 
The final weights of the si- RPL19 -PC-3Mclone tumors were significantly less than the PC-3Mparental and the PC- 3Mscramble tumors (Mann-Whitney U Test, p<0.05). 
Features Zt/f2 Zt/#1 Zt/g9. 
Biochemical and Biological Features of Mouse Anti-RON Monoclonal Antibodies in Various Applications*. 
* The reactivity of Zt/f2, Zt/#1, and Zt/g9 in various immune assays were determined as detailed in Materials and Methods. For immunofluorescence and immunoprecipitation, individual mAbs were used at 1 ?g/ml per sample. In immunohistochemical staining, mAbs were used at 2 ?g/ml. Experiments were repeated twice. The reactivity/intensity indicated by + or-was obtained by comparing to anti-RON mAb Zt/g4 [ 29 ]. MRS, maturation-required sequences; ND, not done. 
Variables Cases No. (%) Controls No. (%) P a. 
Distribution of selected variables in SCCHN cases and cancer-free controls. 
a Two-sided ? 2 test. 
Locus Genotype Controls (%) Overall (N = 1,098) Oropharynx (N = 559) Non-oropharynx (N = 539)       (N = 1,090) Cases (%) OR (95%CI) a Cases (%) OR (95%CI) a Cases (%) OR (95%CI) a. 
Logistic regression analysis for associations between PLCE1 variant genotypes and SCCHN risk. 
a Adjusted for age, sex, smoking and alcohol status. The SNP calling rates were all >98% with 2 samples failed in rs2274223, 9 samples in rs3203713 and 24 samples in rs11599672. 
b The risk alleles: rs2274223G, rs3203713G and rs11599672T. 
Haplotype frequencies         PLCE1 haplotypes a Cases (N = 1,068) Controls (N = 2,134) Crude OR (95% CI) Adjusted OR b (95% CI) P b       N % N %   . 
PLCE1 haplotype and risk of SCCHN arising at non-oropharyngeal sites. 
a The alleles of haplotypes were arrayed as the location of the SNPs in PLCE1 stand from 5' to 3' (e.g. TAA denotes Trs11599672Ars2274223Ars3203713). 
b Adjusted for age, gender, smoking and alcohol status in logistic models. 
Variables rs2274223 (cases/controls) Adjusted OR a (95%CI) rs11599672 (cases/controls) Adjusted OR a (95%CI) Combined effect of risk alleles b (cases/controls) Adjusted OR a (95%CI)         AA AG/GG  TT TG/GG  0-1 2-6 . 
Stratification analysis for associations between PLCE1 variant genotypes and risk of SCCHN arising at non-oropharyngeal sites. 
a Adjusted for age, sex, smoking and alcohol status (the stratified factor in each stratum excluded). 
b The risk alleles: rs2274223G, rs3203713G and rs11599672T. 
Treatment Groups 12 wks after OVX (before treatment) 24 wks after OVX (12 wks after treatment). 
Urinary calcium excretion (mmol/L) in different treatment groups over time. 
(a): Group had higher value than that of all other groups at the given time, p < 0.05. 
(b): Group had significantly lower value than that of Sham, OVX and OVX+ALN groups, p < 0.05. 
Groups L4-L6 Vertebrae Mean BMD (g/cm 2 )    Before OVX 12 weeks post-OVX 24 weeks post-OVX. 
Changes of BMD in L4-L6 vertebrae in different treatment groups over time. 
(a): Group had significantly lower value than that of all the other groups at the given time, p < 0.05. 
Groups (L3 vertebra) Ultimate load (N) Ultimate stress (N/mm2). 
Mechanical properties of L3 vertebra and femoral shaft at 24 weeks post-OVX. 
Data were presented as mean ± SEM. 
(a): Group had significantly lower value than that of the sham group at the given time, p < 0.01. 
(b): Group had significantly higher value than that of the OVX group at the given time, p < 0.01. 
Treatment Group Tb.Ar (?) Trabecular thickness (?m) Min. surface (?) Mineral apposition rate (?m/day) BFR/BS (?m/day) Osteoclast number (no/mm). 
Histomorphometric data at 24 weeks post-OVX in metaphyseal regions of the tibiae. 
Data were presented as mean ± SEM. 
(a): Group had significantly higher or lower value than that of the OVX group, p < 0.05. 
(b): Group had significantly higher or lower value than that of the sham group, p < 0.05. 
Week 5 Parameter NOD NOD-RIPN. 
Six female mice per genotype and per age were used (one section per animal). The results are represented as mean±95% CI. There was no statistical significant difference between NOD and NOD-RIPN mice as assessed by Student t test for any of the tested parameter. 
Component Isoforms References. 
Isoforms of major components of the IGF1-Akt pathway. 
1Insulin-like growth factor. 
2Insulin receptor substrate. 
33-Phosphoinositide-dependent kinase 1, coded by the PDPK1 gene (unfortunately the same abbreviation PDK1 is also used to indicate the pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase isoform 1, coded by the PDK1 gene). 
4Phosphoinositide-3 kinase. 
5Protein kinase B. 
6Mammalian target of rapamycin. 
7S6 kinase. 
8Eukaryotic initiation factor 4E binding protein. 
Genotype1 Viability Phenotype References. 
Transgenic models of the IGF1-Akt pathway: effect on growth. 
1Promoters used to drive transgene expression: ASA = avian skeletal actin; HSA = human skeletal actin; MCK = muscle creatine kinase; MLC1 = myosin light chain 1 fast. 
2This transgene acts as a dominant negative for both the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor and the insulin receptor, thus causing diabetes. 
Genotype1 Viability Growth phenotype References. 
Knockout and knock-in models of IGF1-Akt pathway components: effect on growth. 
1 Promoters used to drive Cre recombinase expression: HSA = human skeletal actin; MCK = muscle creatine kinase; Mef2c = a promoter that lies 71 kb upstream of the first translated exon of the Mef2c gene and is sufficient to direct expression exclusively to skeletal muscle from embryonic day 8.5. 
Transgene Perturbation Effect References. 
In vivo transfection experiments leading to perturbation of the IGF1-Akt pathway in adult skeletal muscle1. 
1Experiments based on intramuscular injection of plasmid DNA or viral vector or small interfering RNA expression vector. Injection of plasmid DNA or siRNA expression vector was followed by electroporation. 
2Constitutively active PI3K. 
3Ras homolog enriched in brain. 
4Neuronal Wiscott-Aldrich syndrome protein (N-WASP). 
Character mutRAS n = 23 (32%) wtRAS n = 48 (68%) P -value. 
Comparison of clinical and hematological features of AML patients with and without RAS mutations. 
Notes: Significant;. 
The patient may have more than one site of organomegaly;. 
Fisher’s exact test. 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; Hb, hemoglobin; TLC, total lymphocyte count; BM, bone marrow; PB, peripheral blood; HDAC, high-dose cytarabine; LDAC, low-dose cytarabine. 
M0 n = 4 M1 n = 8 M2 n = 18 M4 n = 24 M5 n = 17 P -value a. 
Relationship between FAB subtypes and RAS mutation. 
Notes: Data presented as number (%);. 
Fisher’s exact test. 
Abbreviation: FAB, French–American–British. 
Normal karyotype n = 44 t (8;21) n = 13 Inv (16) n = 14 P -value a. 
Relationship between cytogenetic groups and RAS mutation. 
Notes: Data presented as number (%);. 
Fisher’s exact test. 
No Cumulative survival Median ± SE 95% CI P -value. 
Overall survival at four years and disease-free survival at three years of the AML patients and their relationship to RAS mutational state and consolidation therapy. 
Notes: No median survival because more than half of the patients are alive. 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; CI, confidence interval; SE, standard error; HDAC, high-dose cytarabine; LDAC, low-dose cytarabine. 
Experiments Strains n Percent WT (3) Percent Underinduced (<3) Percent Vulvaless (0) Percent Overinduced (>3) Percent P7.p Defects (Biv.) P(3,4).p Fate Average induced VPCs. 
Worms with wild-type vulva induction have an average number of 3.0 induced VPCs. 
Values originally reported in [15] and [17] . 
p ?=?0.2359 (comparison with Ppa-lin-17(tu383) ; Ppa-lin-18(tu359) double mutant vulva underinduction, Fisher exact test). 
p ?=?0.02628 (comparison with Ppa-lin-17(tu383) ; Ppa-lin-18(tu359) double mutant vulva overinduction, Fisher exact test). 
p <0.0001 (comparison with Ppa-lin-17(tu33) single mutant Bivulva phenotype, Fisher exact test). 
p <2.2e–16 (comparison with Ppa-lin-17(tu383) vulva Overinduction, Fisher exact test). 
p <2.2e–16 (comparison with Ppa-mom-2(tu363) ; Ppa-lin-18(tu359) vulva Overinduction, Fisher exact test). 
p <2.2e–16 (comparison with Ppa-lin-17(tu383) vulvaless, Fisher exact test). 
3°, epidermal cell fate; Biv, Bivulva phenotype; D, ectopic vulva differentiation; PCD, programmed cell death. 
Genotype Heat Shock Experiment Percent P[1–4].p Differentiation n. 
Staged Ppa-ced-3(tu104) ; Ppa-egl-20(tu382) worms (19 h after hatching), containing tuEx33[Dm-hsp70::EGL-20] transgene were heat shocked for 80 min at 35°C. Late J2 and early J3 larval stage were scored 18 h later. 
* p ?=?0.0004;. 
** p ?=?0.0773 (comparison with Ppa-ced-3(tu104); Ppa-egl-20(tu382), Fisher exact test). 
N.A., not available. 
Tissue/cell compartment C2 GST Ratio C2/GST Ratio PM/X. 
Labeling density with the C2 probe on different organelles. 
Units of measure are given in gold/µm ± SEM unless otherwise indicated. 
Gold/µm2± SEM. 
Limiting membrane only. 
Samples No. ERK1/2 CHK2     N* Low High % (+) N* Low High % (+). 
* N , negative staining. 
Clone accession no. Category & gene identity Length (bp) Homolog species/Accession no. E -value. 
Down-regulated in early developing testes relative to mature testes. 
Up-regulated in early developing testes relative to mature testes. 
Clone Accession No. Category & gene identity (BlastX) Length (bp) Homolog species/Accession no. E -value. 
Down-regulated in control testes relative to E2-exposed testes. 
Up-regulated in control testes relative to E2-exposed testes. 
Target/Reference mRNA Forward primer 5?-3? Reverse primer 5?-3?. 
Classification Diagnostic criteria. 
Commonly used diagnostic criteria and classification of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The pregnancy-specific conditions may also be diagnosed where diastolic pressure exceeds 90 mmHg but systolic pressure is < 140 mmHg. It is usual to exclude the diagnosis if hypertension is recorded only during labour. 
Pathophysiological mechanism group Gene name Gene symbol Predominant polymorphism investigated. 
Predominant functional candidate genes studied in pre-eclampsia. 
I/D, insertion/dilution. 
Country Study size Number of microsatellite markers used Chromosome loci identified cM Logarithm of the odds (LOD) score. 
Genome-wide linkage scans to identify susceptibility loci for pre-eclampsia carried out over the past 10 years. a. 
A logarithm of the odds (LOD) score > 3.6 ( P value < 0.00002) indicates genome-wide significance; an LOD score between 2.2 and 3.6 ( P < 0.0007) indicates suggestive linkage; and an LOD score between 0.6 ( P < 0.05) and 2.2 ( P < 0.01) are nominal. 69. 
Classification BMI(kg/m2). 
Body Mass Index as a predictor of risk to health, WHO (2004). 
BMI, body mass index. 
Contig no. Contig length No. ESTs Putative function. 
InterPro no. * Description Total of unigenes Total of ESTs. 
*The list included the families with >21 UniGenes. 
Pathway Total of unigenes Percent of unigenes (%) Percent of categories (%). 
GIP: Genetic Information Processing; EIP: Environmental Information Processing; CP: cellular process; OS: organism systems. 
Categories Total of ESTs Total of unigenes Redundancy. 
TF family TF description Total of ESTs Total of unigenes Redundancy a Percent (%) b. 
Redundancy is (Total of ESTs)/(Total of Unigenes). 
Percent is (Total of unigenes)/(Total of putative TFs, 736). 
Oligonucleotide sequences for real-time PCR. 
Altered gene expressions involved in apoptosis, cancer, and cell cycle following treatment with E2 or BPA. 
Altered gene expressions involved in signal transduction and nucleic acid binding following treatment with E2 or BPA. 
MicroRNA Expression Target/Function Clinical value. 
Lung cancer-related microRNAs. 
NSCLC: non-small cell lung carcinoma; AC: adenocaercinoma; SqCC: squamous cell carcinoma. 
Gene Accession Forward Reverse. 
qRT-PCR primers. 
Stages of endometriosis. 
American society for reproductive medicine revised classification of endometriosis 24. 
Primer sequence (5'-3' orientation). 
MMP=matrix metalloproteinase. 
Patients Age, years Gender Tissue. 
Overview of patients' details. 
Patients TGF-?3 P-Smad2 ?-SMA. 
Evaluation of immunohistochemical staininga. 
aEvaluation of immunohistochemical staining was performed on four control and four Dupuytren tissue samples. Positivity was graded on a scale from (-) to (+++), with (-) representing no staining, (+) representing weak staining, (++) representing moderate staining and (+++) representing strong staining. Staining in blood vessels was not included. The scoring was performed on unlabelled samples by a pathologist not involved in the study. Representative images are shown in Figure 1C. 
MLC activation curve Area under MLC activation curve with respect to different time range (time unit:min)    0-10 10-20 20-30 30-40 40-50 50-60 60-70 70-80. 
Comparison of the areas with respect to different time ranges in Figure 8. 
Comparison of the areas under the thrombin and histamine induced MLC activation curve with those of thrombin-induced and histamine-induced MLC activation curves with respect to different time ranges in Figure 8. 
MLC activation curve Area under MLC activation curve with respect to different time range (time unit:min)    0-10 10-20 20-30 30-40 40-50 50-60 60-70 70-80. 
Comparison of the areas with respect to different time ranges in Figure 9. 
Comparison of the areas under the thrombin and VEGF induced MLC activation curve with those of thrombin-induced and VEGF-induced MLC activation curves with respect to different time ranges in Figure 9. 
Patient no. Loss of E2A Purity of enriched tumor cells. 
Loss of E2A in SS tumor cells. 
n.d.: not determined. 
CGH and FISH analyses were performed with samples from different time points (see Table S1). 
hypotriploid cells, gain of chromosome 19 except 19p13.2-13.3. 
Analysis of PBMC cells. 
Analysis of CD4-sorted cells. 
Analysis of V?-sorted cells. 
Purity was determined with CD4 antibody only. 
Function Evidence Reference. 
Localization of insulin recptor (IR) in caveolae microdomains is essential for the metabolic signaling of insulin. 
Expression region Glycan structure & reactive lectins Animals Reference. 
Expression of glycoconjugates in cochlea. 
Normal epithelium(%) Adenoma(%) Adenocarcinoma(%). 
*Nucleus, nuclear staining; Cytoplasm, cytoplasmic staining; Total, staining in nucleus or cytoplasm or both. 
PC346C PC346DCC PC346Flu1 PC346Flu2 AR status wt AR AR low AR high T877A AR. 
The detailed characterization of the PC346 cell lines was the aim of a previous manuscript [8] . 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer. 
GenBank ID HUGO_Symbol Cytoband Cell line 2log ratio SAM q-value. 
*no approved HUGO symbol exist for this entry. If present, UNIGENE symbol is given in alternative. 
GenBank ID HUGO_Symbol Cytoband Cell line 2log ratio SAM q-value. 
GenBank ID HUGO_Symbol Cytoband Cell line 2log ratio SAM q-value. 
GenBank ID HUGO_Symbol Cytoband Cell line 2log ratio SAM q-value. 
First Author (date) Reference sample(s) Query. 
Annotation Cluster 1 Enrichment Score: 2.43 Count P-value. 
DGE library SVir SaVir. 
No Array ID GEO No Title Histological diagnosis Age/Gender WHO grade. 
Patients' characteristics. 
Sample labels Normal plus2 Normal plus3 II-86 II-98 III-84 III-95 IV-90 IV-92. 
Actual and predicted classification. 
Gene symbol II-astro score III-astro score IV-astro score Normal-score II-mean (log base 2) III-mean (log base 2) IV-mean (log base 2) Normal mean (log base 2). 
The marker genes of three different grades of ACM. 
The first column lists the marker genes for different ACM WHO grades; the scores from 2th to 5th columns suggest the estimates of the class probabilities by PAM [ 4 ], which are similar to that used in linear discriminant analysis (LDA); the means from 6th to 9th columns represent the average values of log (base 2) gene expression. Bold indicates a marker gene of one WHO grade ACM relative to other WHO grades which are overexpressional; italic indicates those that are underexpressional. 
Product Forward Reverse. 
Product Forward Reverse. 
Antibodies used for immunohistochemical staining. 
RT: room temperature. 
Clinicopatholgical characteristics of patients and summary of mTOR-related biomarker expression (mean H-score) with respect to categorized pathological parameters. 
phos4E-BP1: phosphorylated 4E-BP1, phosS6: phosphorylated S6. 
Results of univariate and multivariate analyses of clinicopathological variables and the expression levels of mTOR-related markers in relation to disease-specific survival, overall survival, and disease progression. 
Property L. pneumophila Lgts Large clostridial toxins. 
Comparison of glucosyltransferases Lgt from L. pneumophila with large clostridial toxins . 
Amino acid sequence identity of proteins of the Lgt-family of L. pneumophila (Philadelphia-1, Corby, Lens, Paris, 2300/99 Alcoy, and 130b) . Proteins belonging to Lgt1, Lgt2, or Lgt3 groups were cross-aligned pair-wise to determine the degree of identical amino acid residues. The homology is shown as a percentage of identical amino acid residues. Lgt1-group glucosyltransferases are marked by green, Lgt2 – by blue, and Lgt3 – by yellow color. 
Trial Total patients Pt popul Regimen Primary endpoint Secondary endpoint Results Conclusions Reference. 
TNBC clinical trial summary. 
Abbreviations: TNBC, Triple negative breast cancer; MBC, metastatic breast cancer. 
Toxin Bacteria Structure Target neuronal cell Receptor Activity Effects MLD ( ? g/kg) 1. 
Bacterial neurotoxins and other toxins interacting with the nervous system. 
1Mouse lethal doses per kg of body weight according to [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ]. 
Neurotransmitter Model system References. 
Clostridial neurotoxins block the release of many different neurotransmitters and other molecules in neuronal and in some non-neuronal cells. However, the release of certain neurotransmitters is resistant to BoNTs, either the target cells do not express the specific receptor(s) for BoNT entry or the intracellular target (SNARE protein) do not contain BoNT cleavage site. 
Cell Type Main functions. 
The main specific functions of the leukocyte subtypes. 
Cell Type Cell functions Pertussis toxin. 
Effect of pertussis toxin on different leukocyte functions. + is an increase or induction, - is an inhibition or decrease of different cell functions. 
Cell Type Cell functions Cholera toxin. 
Effect of cholera toxin on different leukocyte functions. + is an increase or induction, - is an inhibition or decrease, ne means no effect, and the other are simply several Cholera toxin effects on different cell functions. 
Cell Type Cell functions Clostridium difficile toxins A and B. 
Effect of Clostridium difficile Toxin A and Toxin B (TcdA and TcdB) on different leukocyte functions. + is an increase or induction, - is an inhibition or decrease, ne means no effect, and the other are several TcdA and TcdB reported effects on different cell functions. 
Type Description Reference. 
Therapeutic strategies under development for the treatment of CDAD. 
Antibody Specificity Immunogen Antibody Source Animal Model Challenge Type Ab Administration Route Treatment Type Outcome Ref. 
Animal studies involving C. difficile toxin-specific antibodies. 
1. Number of C. difficile cells administered was not given. 2. C. difficile (CD) culture filtrates containing TcdA and TcdB were co-injected into rat ileal loops with anti-toxin bovine Ig. 3. Mouse hybridoma cells were generated from HuMAb mice. HuMAb mice are transgenic mice containing human immunoglobulin genes. 4. One-hundred and forty (140) C. difficile spores were given orally in the treatment model, while 140,000 (140 K) C. difficile spores were given orally in the relapse model. I.P. = intraperitoneal. I.V. = intravenous. 
Antibody Specificity Source Administration Route Number of Treated Patients Treatment Success Rate (%) Ref. 
Therapeutic human studies involving C. difficile toxin-specific antibodies. 
1 Mouse hybridoma cells were generated from HuMAb mice. HuMAb mice are transgenic mice containing human immunoglobulin genes. IVIG = intravenous immunoglobulin. I.P. = intraperitoneal. I.V. = intravenous. 
LF substrates Amino acid sequences. 
Alignment of MEK/MKK amino acid sequences flanking the LF cleavage sites. MEK/MKK amino acid sequences (single-letter codes) are aligned to the position where LF cleaves (slash). Aliphatic residues (Al) at the protease cleavage position 1’ (bold) are fully conserved in all the LF cleavage sites. The basic (B) or proline (P) residues prior to the cleavage sites are underlined. (X) variable residues. 
Effect Anthrax [ 16 , 21 , 24 , 97 ] Tumor [ 32 , 38 , 64 , 68 ] Retina [ 84 ]. 
Effect and consequences of LeTx metalloprotease activity. 
n.d.: not determined. 
Proinflammatory mediators Sources (cells or tissue) Known or proposed functions References. 
Proinflammatory mediators involved in the enterotoxicity of TcdA and TcdB. 
Rodent and model Markers Growth  GFAP S100? Vimentin Invasive Immunogenic. 
Expression of histological markers and growth characteristics are indicated by (+), while failure of expression is indicated by (?). 
Genetic mutation or overexpression Rodent and model p14 p16 PTEN p53 kRAS EGFR. 
The presence of a genetic mutation is indicated by (+), while overexpression is indicated by (++). 
Category Year Therapy References. 
Components Function. 
The components of mTOR complex (mTORC) and their function. 
4EBP1, eukaryotic initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1; Deptor, DEP domain- containing mTOR-interacting protein; mLST8, mammalian lethal with Sec13 protein 8; mSIN1, mammalian stress-activated protein kinase interacting protein; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; p70S6K, p70 ribosomal S6 kinase; PRAS40, proline-rich Akt substrate 40 kDa; Protor-1, protein observed with Rictor-1; Raptor, regulatory-associated protein of mTOR; Rictor, rapamycin-insensitive companion of mTOR. 
Neurological diseases Potential implication of mTOR signaling References. 
Implications of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling in neurological diseases. 
4EBP1, eukaryotic initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1; FMRP, fragile X syndrome mental retardation protein; OGD, oxygen glucose deprivation; p70S6K, p70 ribosomal S6 kinase; PI 3-K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; p-4EBP, phosphorylated 4EBP; p-p70S6K, phosphorylated p70S6K. 
Altered components Cell type Consequence Reference. 
Alterations of miRNAs machinery biogenesis components and their role on tumorigenesis. 
miRNAs mRNA target Consequence Reference. 
miRNAs expression changes related with melanoma progression and their targets. 
miRNAs mRNA target Epigenetic mark Reference. 
miRNAs involved with epigenetic machinery control and miRNAs controlled by components of epigenetic machinery. 
Gene Description Cellular Function Ratio. 
Positive uninjured?injured ratios indicate increased expression in surviving neurons relative to dying neurons. Negative uninjured?injured ratios (bold) indicate increased expression in dying neurons relative to surviving neurons. 
Antibody Support Agilent Array. 
Results replicated in 3–4 animals for each antibody. Antibody host: •, mouse; †, rabbit; ‡, chicken. Antibody dilution: a, 1?20; b, 1?50; c, 1?100; d, 1?200; e, 1?500; f, 1?1000; g, 1?5000; o, antibody did not work. Antibody company: Ab, Abcam; SC, Santa Cruz Biotechnology; IG, IMGenex; LB, Lifespan Biosciences; GT, Gene Tex; NB, Novus Biologicals; M, Millipore. 
Summary of preclinical findings positively supporting the application of imatinib for systemic rheumatic diseases. 
Putative Biomarkers ER?(+) ER?(?) Function References. 
Putative estrogen receptor related breast cancer biomarkers. 
Protein Candidate Function References. 
Promising cytoskeleton protein candidates. 
Condition % Weight increase % Weight increase Litter size  (E0–E12) (E12–E17) . 
During the last part of pregnancy (E12–E17), stressed (PS) dams gained significantly less weight compared to control (C) animals (***P<0.001). Data represent means ± S.E.M. N?=?12–15 litters/condition. 
Group   2 h 3 h 4 h Exploration Time. 
Bold data indicate intact memory performance, i.e., when animals were able to distinguish the old from the new object. At the 2-hour interval, a significant condition×sex interaction was observed (P?=?0.013). At the 3-hour interval, a significant overall effect of 5-Htt genotype was observed (P?=?0.038). See results section for more details. Data in the first three columns represent mean relative discrimination index (RDI) ± S.E.M. The last column shows the average exploration times (the average time spent exploring each object during T1 and T2, averaged over the 3 intervals), which did not differ between groups. Abbreviations: WT, wild-type; M, males; F, females; C, control offspring; PS, prenatally stressed offspring. N?=?7–10 mice/group. 
Factor DAVID ID Name # Genes P-Value. 
Acquired using DAVID analysis. 
MAPK signaling pathway Effect Affy ID DAVID Gene name Entrez Symbol # (%) Genes FC 1 P-Value. 
Abbreviation: FC, fold change. 
* Probesets recognize different transcripts. 
MAPK signaling pathway Effect Affy ID DAVID Gene name Entrez Symbol # (%) Genes FC 1 P-Value. 
Abbreviation: FC, fold change. 
Cytokine-cytokine receptor interactions Affy ID DAVID Gene name Entrez Symbol P-Value. 
Gene WTFC WTFPS 5-Htt +/? FC 5-Htt +/? FPS Main effect(s) Microarray Main effect(s) qRT-PCR. 
Values indicate average expression as percentage of wild-type female control offspring. Data represent mean ± S.E.M. Abbreviations: WT, wild-type; F, females; C, control offspring; PS, prenatally stressed offspring. 
Complementation Group Location Candidate Gene. 
In most cases, a single mutant gene corresponding to these suppressors could be identified (indicated in bold). In two cases, the mutations were narrowed to a small region but a single gene could not be unequivocally identified; in these cases, we list the most likely candidate gene (with an “?”) based on mapping data and published literature. 
Disease phenotype FL+/+ ITD+/+ (%) FL?/?ITD+/+ (%). 
Disease phenotype of FL+/+ITD+/+ and FL?/?ITD+/+ mice. 
Compound Mechanism of action Clinical condition Model organism Phenotypic findings Ref. 
Comprehensive overview of studies using agents to blunt transforming growth factor (TGF)-? signaling. 
aAngiotensin II type 1 receptor. 
bMarfan syndrome. 
cDuchenne muscular dystrophy. 
dCongenital muscular dystrophy. 
eAge ? 3 months. 
fAge 3-15 months. 
gAge ? 15 months. 
Disease Model organism Phenotypic findings Ref. 
Comprehensive overview of studies using post-natal inhibition of myostatin. 
aDuchenne muscular dystrophy. 
bLimb-girdle muscular dystrophy. 
cAmyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
dActivin type IIB receptor. 
eSpinal muscular atrophy. 
fAge? 15 months. 
gAge 3-15 months. 
hAge ? 3 months. 
Unique to skeletal muscle proteome Unique to electric organ proteome. 
T. californica electric organ proteome shows tissue-specific proteins when compared to mouse skeletal muscle proteome. 
Proteins on the × and y axis of Figure 6, indicating unique identification in the corresponding tissue, were listed based on biological process, molecular function, and cellular localization. See Additional File 1 for expanded names of all abbreviated proteins. 
Tissue No. Sex Age HBV HCV RPS3a expression. 
N.D: Not Deterimed; NT: Non-Tumor; T: Tumor. 
Gene Alteration(s) in patients samples Reference. 
Evidence from patient-matched pre-treatment and post-relapse samples. 
Groups Rb loss HRasV12 Tumor Formation. 
Clinical Characteristic Primary Resistance, Median (Range) Secondary Resistance, Median (Range)  Responders (N?=?16) Non-responders (N?=?16) Diagnosis (N?=?30) Relapse (N?=?30). 
*P<0.05. 
Primary Resistance (Unpaired) Secondary Resistance (Paired) Time (months) between diagnosis and relapse Responders Non-responders Diagnosis Relapse . 
9 non-responders with primary resistance showing abnormal cytogenetics, 6 patients showing cytogenetic progression from diagnosis to relapse. 
Gene Caenorhabditis briggsae – Caenorhabditis sp. 9 Comparisons C. briggsae – Caenorhabditis remanei Comparisons     N d N d S ? N d N d S ? ENC L Expression Level Position. 
Summary of Nucleotide Divergence and Gene Variables Used in the Multivariate Analysis. 
Note.— N : number of sites analyzed after gaps were removed, ENC: effective number of codons, L: protein length. 
lnL (M7) lnL (M8) 2 ? l (M7–M8) lnL (M8a) 2 ? l (M8a–M8) lnL (M1a) lnL (M2a) 2 ? l (M1a–M2a). 
Results of codon-based tests of selection. 
LRTs were performed between models M7 and M8, models M8 and M8a and between models M1a and M2a. The LRTs do not show evidence of rampant positive selection acting on the IS genes. With the exception of pha-4 , ? is not significantly greater than 1 for genes with the best fitting model allowing a proportion of site to evolve under position selection. * P < 0.05, ** P < 0.01, *** P < 0.001. 
S. sclerotiorum B. cinerea  1980 T4 B05.10. 
Fungal species Lifestyle CAZymes per PCW component   C H HP P Total %P. 
The values reflect the total number of members in the families strictly associated with each PCW component. Substrates: C - cellulose; H - hemicellulose; HP - hemicellulose and pectin side chains; P -pectin; %P - percentage of PCW-degrading enzymes using pectin as substrate. 
Clan Family Name pH Leotiomycetes Dothideomycetes Sordariomycetes Eurotio-mycetes     Ss Bc Bg Pn Pt Gz Mo Nc An. 
The number of peptidases detected within each genome that are predicted to be directed to the secretory pathway. In parentheses the number of non-secreted peptidases. Not shown are the peptidases of which the activity is restricted to autocatalytic activation of a precursor protein, or peptidases with problematic function inference (e.g. S9 and S33 proteases). pH indicates at which pH a certain family is generally most active (A?=?Acidic optimum; N?=?Neutral optimum; B?=?Basic optimum). Species are abbreviated as: Ss: S. sclerotiorum ; Bc: B. cinerea ; Bg: B. graminis ; Pn: P. nodorum .; Pt: P. teres f. teres ; Gz: G. zeae ; Mo: M. oryzae ; Nc: N. crassa ; An: A. niger . 
*Based on corrected gene models [102] . 
**Based on corrected gene models (unpublished). 
Fungal species PKS 1 NRPS 2 PKS–NRPS 3 CHS 4 DMATS 5 STC 6 DTC 7. 
Data from this study and from [10] – [12] , [157] , [158] . 
PKS: PolyKetide Synthase. 
NRPS: Non-Ribosomal Peptide Synthetase. 
PKS-NRPS: PolyKetide Synthase - Non-Ribosomal Peptide Synthase hybrid. 
CHS: CHalcone Synthase. 
DMATS: DiMethyl Allyl Tryptophan Synthase. 
STC: SesquiTerpene Cyclase. 
DTC: DiTerpene Cyclase. 
Category S. sclerotiorum B. cinerea T4 B. cinerea B05.10. 
ATP binding cassette (ABC) transporters are subdivided into different structural types, according to the arrangement of transmembrane domains (TMD) and nucleotide binding folds (NBF). Not included are proteins containing NBF but no TMD. MATE: Multidrug and Toxic Compound Extrusion. MFS: Major facilitator superfamily. MDR: Multidrug resistance. 
Site Tumor type Incidence/No. of reported cases Status of menstruation References. 
Summary of the incidence of tamoxifen-associated gynecological malignancies. 
Recommendation on the tamoxifen use stated by ACOG Committee ( ACOG Committee Opinion 2006 ). 
Postmenopausal women taking tamoxifen should be monitored closely for symptoms of endometrial hyperplasia or cancer. 
Premenopausal women treated with tamoxifen have no known increased risk of uterine cancer and as such require no additional monitoring beyond routine gynecologic care. 
Women taking tamoxifen should be informed about the risks of endometrial proliferation, endometrial hyperplasia, endometrial cancer, and uterine sarcomas. Women should be encouraged to promptly report any abnormal vaginal symptoms, including bloody discharge, spotting, staining, or leukorrhea. 
Any abnormal vaginal bleeding, bloody vaginal discharge, staining, or spotting should be investigated. 
Emerging evidence suggests the presence of high- and low-risk groups for development of atypical hyperplasias with tamoxifen treatment in postmenopausal women based on the presence or absence of benign endometrial polyps before therapy. Thus there may be a role for pretreatment screening of postmenopausal women with transvaginal ultrasonography, and sonohysterography when needed, or office hysteroscopy before initiation of tamoxifen therapy. 
Unless the patient has been identified to be at high risk for endometrial cancer, routine endometrial surveillance has not been effective in increasing the early detection of endometrial cancer in women using tamoxifen. Such surveillance may lead to more invasive and costly diagnostic procedures and, therefore, is not recommended. 
Tamoxifen use should be limited to 5 years’ duration because a benefit beyond this time has not been documented. 
If atypical endometrial hyperplasia develops, appropriate gynecologic management should be instituted, and the use of tamoxifen should be reassessed. If tamoxifen therapy must be continued, hysterectomy should be considered in women with atypical endometrial hyperplasia. tamoxifen use may be reinstituted following hysterectomy for endometrial carcinoma in consultation with the physician responsible for the woman’s breast care. 
Nodes 848. 
Cell Proliferation Network statistics. 
Summary of relevant statistics describing the content of the Cell Proliferation Network. 
Data Set EIF4G1 RhoA CTNNB1 NR3C1. 
Data sets analyzed for verification and expansion of the cell proliferation literature model. 
Pool Insert Gene name Gene symbol Freq Cons per Gene Library location. 
Primary screen. 
For each candidate the DNA pool from which it was isolated, the insert reference, target gene, frequency of isolation, as well as the number of shRNAmir constructs for that gene within the SM2 library are indicated. The last column shows if the recovered insert was a match to a hair pin in that particular pool ("match") or if it was from another pool ("pool X"). 
Probe Symbol GA p-value HS p-value pRS_p53 p-value pRS_p21 p-value E7 p-value E2F_DB p-value. 
Microarray expression profiling data for common genes. 
Log2 fold changes in gene expression in CL3EcoR cells upon senescence arrest are indicated as GA and upon shift up of control temperature insensitive HMF3S cells, from 34°C to 38°C, as HS respectively. Also indicated are the data obtained for these genes from CL3EcoR cells in which senescence had been bypassed by silencing of p53 (pRS_p53) or p21CIP1 (pRS_p21) or by inactivation of pRB using HPV16 E7 (E7) or by expression of the dominant negative E2F-DB protein. 
GO category Total Changed Enrichment Log10(p) FDR. 
GeneOntology analysis was performed using High-Throughput GoMiner. A, C, J and H symbols depict groups of genes identified in Figure 1B . 
IHC CDK1-N CDK1-C PTTG1-N PTTG1-C Survivin-N Survivin-C TOP2A-N TOP2A-C. 
Cytoplasmic TOP2A staining was strongly associated with smaller tumors (<5 cm). 
Cytoplasmic Survivin staining was associated with stage I disease (stage 1>stage 2-3-4). 
Loss of cytoplasmic CDK1 staining at stage 3–4 was strongly associated with poor survival. 
Loss of cytoplasmic CDK1 staining was associated with poor survival. 
PCC (Ranked if PCC?0.200) CDC25A p-Y15 CDK1 p-T14 CDK1 CDK1 Cyclin B Cyclin A  MT1159 MT1161 MT1160 MT1158 MT1222 MT1167. 
A COMPARE analysis was performed by correlating protein levels of CDK1 activating machinery components with GI50 (concentration producing 50% growth inhibition) values of chemotherapeutic agents in NCI60 human cancer cell lines. A positive Pearson Correlation Coefficient (PCC) indicates that the greater abundance of the target may associate with sensitivity to the drug, whereas a negative correlation is indicative of more target conferring cellular resistance to the given drug. 
Molecules affected by KLK KLK effect Membrane localization. 
List of all molecules which have been tested for sensitivity to KLK within this study, and their respective membrane localization. 
Primer Name Primer Sequence (5'?3')  TA # of Bands Band size Sequence Name (GB Accession #) Family & parent LG Arm. 
Primer sequences, purpose, annealing temperature (TA), number of bands and product size for primers during PCR, accession number and the linkage groups (LG) where the fragments were localized in rainbow trout. 
Primer Name Primer Sequence (5'?3')  T A # of Bands Band size Sequence Name (GB Accession #) Family & parent LG Arm. 
Primer sequences, purpose, annealing temperature (TA), number of bands and product size for primers during PCR, accession number and the linkage groups (LG) where the fragments were localized in Atlantic salmon. 
Primer Name Primer Sequence (5'?3')  T A # of Bands Band size Sequence Name (GB Accession #) Family & parent LG. 
Primer sequences, purpose, annealing temperature (TA), number of bands and product size for primers during PCR, accession number and the linkage groups (LG) where the fragments were localized in Arctic charr. 
Complex/Protein MVB EGFR degradation with KD EGFR signaling with KD Citation. 
Role of various proteins in EGFR trafficking and signaling. 
Notes: Shown in a partial listing of proteins that have been shown to have a role in EGFR trafficking through the late endocytic pathway. N.D. = not determined. Downward arrows represent the change in EGFR degradation kinetics. ? ? ?, ? ?, and ? indicate an increase in the half-life of ligand-stimulated EGFR by >5-fold, 3–4 fold, and 1–2 fold, respectively. Unless otherwise noted, studies were done by knocking down protein expression. # refers to the number. ILV = Intralumenal vesicles. 
Blood parameter Saline (n?=?10) FA-treated (n?=?10) P value. 
RBC indicates Red Blood Cell; MCV, Mean Corpuscular Volume; MCHC, Mean Corpuscular Hemoglobin Concentration. 
Data are presented as mean ± SD. 
*significantly different from value for saline-treated mice. 
0 Gy 30 Gy Genotype Normal eggs laid a % survival Small eggs laid a , b % survival Oocytes laid a , c % survival Normal eggs laid a % survival Small eggs laid a , b % survival Oocytes laid a , c % survival. 
L4 larval stage worms were treated with either 0 or 30 Gy of irradiation and allowed to recover for 24 hours. Worms were then transferred to fresh plates in triplicate and allowed to lay eggs for 24 hours. The number of eggs laid was counted immediately after removing the adult worms and the number remaining was counted 24 hours later (which is sufficient time for L1 larvae to hatch). 
The number of eggs laid is the average number per hour (± SEM). 
Small eggs were defined as those that were round (instead of oval) and half the size or smaller than normal eggs. 
Oocytes were identified by their brown colour and flattened appearance. 
Human Cell line/tissues Identified peptides Reference. 
Fragments analyzed by mass spectrometry were identified by mining online datasets. 
Phylum Class Species Number of cyclins analyzed        A B D E. 
Species studied and number of their cyclins analyzed. 
Cyclin group Cyclin subfamily Rm for group* Rv for group* No. of terminal nodes in group. 
Comparison of the branch length and branch length variance for various cyclin groups. 
*Rm - the branch length characteristic, Rv - the branch length variance characteristic (see Methods). 
Cyclin group Cyclin sub- families Pearson correlation; GLS ( R:stats [ 74 ]) fitting of n = ? + ?x Webster et al . [ 101 ] statistics*; GLS ( R:stats [ 74 ]) fitting of n = ?x ? Venditti et al . [ 100 ] and Pagel et al . [ 99 ] statistics**      R 2 ? ± SE p -value ? ± SE p -value ? ± SE p -value ? ± SE p -value 1/? < 1 & signi-ficant ? Signi-ficant ?. 
Statistics for the relation between inner node number and branch length from tree root. 
* Significant ? ? 1 and ? > 0, evidence for punctual evolution. 
** Significant ?, node density artefact present; ? < 1 and significant ?, evidence for punctual evolution. 
Cyclin groups under impact of punctual evolution are in bold. 
Skewness of atypical replacement samples to positions in the protein globule    Interior positions in globule ( p )* Surface positions in globule ( p )*   Cyclin families DSSP ASA values 10 ASA classes 3 ASA classes DSSP ASA values 10 ASA classes 3 ASA classes. 
Comparison of the accessible surface area (ASA) values of atypical amino acid replacement sites with those of all sites in gapless alignments. 
*Distribution skewness was estimated using one-tailed Mann-Whitney's test. 
p ? 0.005 is in bold, 0.005 < p ? 0.025 is in italics; Bonferonni's correction for simultaneous testing of two statistical hypotheses based on the same dataset: accessible surface area and atypical amino acid replacements positions. 
Prey Empty Vector MUPP1 (PDZ 10-13) LNX1 (NPAY-PDZ4) LNX1 (RING-PDZ2) LNX2 ERBB2IP (PDZ) Nos1 (PDZ) Dlg2          Bait His3 ?-gal His3 ?-gal His3 ?-gal His3 ?-gal His3 ?-gal His3 ?-gal His3 ?-gal His3 ?-gal. 
Interaction of LNX1 and LNX2 with known MUPP1 ligands. 
The ability of carboxyl terminal sequences from the indicated MUPP1 interacting proteins (baits) to interact with LNX1 and LNX2 (preys) was tested using the yeast two-hybrid system. An empty prey vector and a MUPP1 prey were included as negative and positive controls respectively. Interactions with unrelated PDZ domain-containing proteins (ERBB2IP, Nos1 and Dlg2) were assessed to demonstrate the specificity of binding to LNX proteins. Interactions between bait and prey were indicated by expression of two reporter genes - His3 and LacZ coding for ?-galactosidase (?-gal). Truncated LNX1 constructs were used because the full-length protein was not functional in the yeast two-hybrid system. n/d = not determined. 
Tumor microenvironment and its compartments. 
TAM: tumor-associated macrophage; NK: nature killer; CAFS: cancer-associated fibroblasts; EC: endothelial cell; HSC: hematopoietic stem cells; CEP: circulating endothelial precursor; NKT: nature killer T; DC: dendritic cell; BMSC: bone marrow stromal cell; OC: osteoclast; OB: osteoblast; VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor; HGF/SF: hepatocyte growth factor/scatter factor; bFGF: basic Fibroblast Growth Factors; PDGF: platelet-derived growth factor; TGF: transforming growth factor; TNF: tumor necrosis factor; IL: interleukin; GM-CSF: granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor; CSF: colony stimulating factor; EGF: epidermal growth factor; SDF: stromal cell-derived factor; uPA: urokinase plasminogen activator; MMP: matrix metalloproteinase; IGF: Insulin-like growth factor; LIF: leukaemia inhibitory factor; OSM: oncostatin M; MIP-1 ? : macrophage inflammatory protein 1 ? . 
References for breast cancer: [ 8 – 11 ]. 
References for multiple myeloma: [ 12 ]. 
Drug (brand name, company) Target Approved Clinical trials with single treatment Indication. 
Summary of drugs, their revealed targets and indications in clinical trails. Drugs without a single treatment trial are marked with a “*”. 
TKI: tyrosine kinase inhibitors; mCRC: metastatic colorectal cancer; NSCLC: nonsmall cell lung cancer; mRCC: metastatic renal cell carcinoma; GIST: gastrointestinal stroma tumor after progression; MM: multiple myeloma; BC: breast cancer; HNSCC: head and neck sequmous cell carcinoma. 
Data Type Platforms Cases Data Availability. 
Production Centers: Broad Institute, Washington University School of Medicine, Baylor College of Medicine, Harvard Medical School, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, University of North Carolina, University of Southern California. 
Additional data are available for many of these data types at the TCGA DCC. 
Gene Number of Mutations Validated Unvalidated. 
Validated mutations are those that have been confirmed with an independent assay. Most of them are validated using a second independent WGA sample from the same tumor. Unvalidated mutations have not been independently confirmed but have a high likelihood to be true mutations. An additional 25 mutations in TP53 were observed by hand curation. 
Cancer association with obesity, diabetes and obesity or dyslipidemia. 
Probe set ID Accession numbers Common Names Basal Expression (log2) 3 h 6 h 12 h 24 h 48 h p value. 
List of most highly induced genes upon L-cysteine deprivation. 
The probe set IDs, accession numbers, common names, basal expressions, fold changes, and p values of most highly induced genes upon L-cysteine deprivation are shown. 
Probe set ID Accession numbers Common Names Basal Expression (log2) 3h 6h 12h 24h 48h p value. 
List of most highly down-regulated genes upon L-cysteine deprivation. 
The probe set IDs, accession numbers, common names, basal expressions, fold changes, and p values of most highly down-regulated genes upon L-cysteine deprivation are shown. 
Common Name Accession Number Fold Change      3 h 6 h 12 h 24 h 48 h. 
Verification of the microarray data by qRT-PCR. 
The common names, accession numbers, and fold changes of the selected genes upon L-cysteine deprivation are shown. The upper values are the fold changes in the expression obtained from qRT-PCR. The corresponding fold changes in the expression values obtained from Affymetrix analysis are shown in brackets. 
?-CagL b  Gene Number a Protein WT ? cagL WT ? cagL. 
Based on the H. pylori 26695 genome annotation. 
CagL was affinity purified from the WT strain (cultured for 48 h) using anti-CagL polyclonal antiserum, and a ? cagL mutant was processed in parallel as a control. The Table shows numbers of spectral counts observed by MudPIT analysis for each identified Cag protein. The Table shows results from two independent experiments. 
**p<0.01; *** p<0.001 when comparing WT with the ? cagL mutant, according to the G-test likelihood ratio, post-spectral count normalization. 
?-HA b ?-FLAG c Gene Number a Protein WT CagH-HA CagL-HA WT CagI-FLAG. 
Based on the H. pylori 26695 genome annotation. 
CagH-HA or CagL-HA were affinity purified from strains expressing these proteins using an anti-HA antibody, and a WT strain was processed in parallel as a control. The Table shows numbers of spectral counts observed by MudPIT analysis for each identified Cag protein. 
CagI-FLAG was affinity purified from a strain expressing this protein using an anti-FLAG antibody, and a WT strain was processed in parallel as a control. The Table shows numbers of spectral counts observed by MudPIT analysis for each identified Cag protein. 
*p<0.05; *** p<0.001 when compared to WT control, according to the G-test likelihood ratio, post-spectral count normalization. 
Width (nm) a Length (nm) a Pili/cell a. 
Quantification of pilus width, length, and number is based on a minimum of 2 biological replicates and a minimum of 5 representative micrographs containing a total of at least 20 adherent H. pylori cells. 
***, p<0.001 compared to WT, based on two-tailed T-test analysis. 
Gene ID: Gene Description: Fold-change: P-Value: FDR: Acc #:. 
Motif ID: Motif Name: Motif: #: Genes:. 
P-value cut-off<0.001 and BBLS cut-off>1. 
SNP Position Risk allele Cases (n ‡ , %) Controls (n ‡ , %) P § P ?. 
N.S., no significance. The significance of boldface is a P -value of <0.05. 
‡: Number of allele. 
§: Unadjusted P -value of two-sided ?2 test. 
?: P value after 1,000-permutation tests. 
SNP Genotype Case (n) Control (n) OR (95% CI) * OR (95% CI) † Dominant model OR (95% CI) † , ‡ Recessive model OR (95% CI) † , ‡. 
The significance of boldface is a P -value of <0.05. 
*Unadjusted odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidential interval (CI) calculated by logistic regression. 
†: OR and 95% CI calculated by logistic regression, adjusted for age, age at menarche, menopause status, number of birth, body mass index (BMI) and family history of breast cancer. Major genotype is indicated as reference. 
‡: For the model, homozygotes for the major allele (1/1), heterozygotes (1/2), and homozygotes for the rare allele (2/2) are coded as a continuous numeric variable for genotype (i.e. 0, 1, and 2). The dominant model is defined as contrasting genotypic groups 1/1 versus (1/2+2/2), and the recessive model is defined as contrasting genotypic groups 2/2 versus (1/1+1/2). 
SNP Allele or Genotype Validation set OR (95% CI) P Two sets combined OR (95% CI) P   Cases (n, %) Controls (n, %)   Cases (n, %) Controls (n, %)  . 
The significance of boldface is a P <0.05. 
*Number of allele. 
†: Unadjusted P value of two-sided ?2 test. 
‡: Adjusted for age and family history of breast cancer. 
Marker Genotype 24 hpf 30 hpf 36 hpf 42 hpf 48 hpf 54 hpf 60 hpf. 
Number of homozygous mutant embryos showing detectable expression by in situ hybridisation of named marker gene is given out of total number of mutants examined. Font reflects percentage with residual expression: 90–100% ; 0–89%; n.d., not determined. 
RNA 6 hpf 10.5 hpf. 
*NB Only 50% of embryos from this cross would be transgenic, thus maximum percentage GFP+ embryos expected is 50%. 
Gene symbol P-Value AB Log fold change AB P-Value HuEx Log fold change HuEx. 
Genes in bold were found significantly deregulated across both gene expression datasets (upper part of the table). Due to multiple testing, P -values of genes significantly altered in only one of the datasets should be interpreted with caution (lower part of the table; see Results). 
PLCD1 PLCE1. 
The expression values of PLCD1 and PLCE1 in CRC samples (n?=?70) were compared to MSI status, mutations in various genes, tumor stage (I–IV) and localization of the tumor (right, left, rectum). 
Data Collection and Refinement Plexin-B1?1 – Rac1* Complex PlexinB1cyto – Rac1* Complex. 
Numbers in parenthesis are for the highest resolution shell. 
Rfree equals the Rwork against 5% of the data removed prior to refinement. 
Table 1 Beta  Alpha  Pancreas  Brain  Duod.  Liver  WAT  Muscle  WBC  Gene GEO SD GEO SD GEO SD GEO SD GEO SD GEO SD GEO SD GEO SD GEO SD. 
mRNA expression levels are expressed as geometric mean (GEO) ± SD (n?=?3) of indicated markers normalized to 4 reference genes ( BACT, UBC, PPIA, PSMC5 ). Marker genes are sorted by decreasing order of their mRNA abundance in beta cells. Duod., duodenum; WAT, white adipose tissue (abdominal); WBC, white blood cells. 
Accession Symbol Alpha Beta Brain Liver Protein full name mRNA protein mRNA protein   relative molar abundance (fmolr)  AvFC fold of LLQ Rank Rank. 
Data represent relative molar amounts of proteins coded by beta cell marker genes that could be detected in label-free alternate-scanning LC-MS proteomics of unfractionated cells and tissues (mean of triplicate injections of 3 biological replicates, total CV%<20% [9] ). For comparison avFC and rank of mRNA transcript (array) are compared to protein abundance (fold above lower limit of quantification, LLQ) and rank (see Methods and reference [9] for details). 
Target Drug (concentration) or gene manipulation Transient phase block Sustained phase block. 
The pharmacology and genetics of structural plasticity. 
Drugs are listed with concentration in parentheses; mutants are listed in italics. + denotes blockade of structural plasticity by the manipulation; – denotes no block. Stimulus protocols are as follows: Mg2+ free uncaging means glutamate uncaging on spines in ACSF lacking Mg2+, but including TTX. Theta burst stands for theta burst protocol stimulation of Schaffer Collaterals (see ( Yang et al ., 2008 ) for details). Spike pairing means pairing glutamate uncaging with spikes delivered via whole-cell patch clamp. Transient block refers to structural plasticity immediately following stimulation, while sustained block refers to structural plasticity >20 min. after stimulation. Plus sign (+) indicates full inhibition (>?80%), minus sign (–) indicates no inhibition (<?20%) and ‘Partial’ indicates partial inhibition. Many experiments have been done using NMDAR antagonists; only two were listed here. NA: not applicable. 
( Matsuzaki et al ., 2004 ). 
( Harvey et al ., 2008 ). 
( Lee et al ., 2009 ). 
( Steiner et al ., 2008 ). 
( Murakoshi et al ., 2011 ). 
( Tanaka et al ., 2008 ). 
( Govindarajan et al ., 2011 ). 
( Yang et al ., 2008 ). 
( Yamagata et al ., 2009 ). 
( Rex et al ., 2009 ). 
( Gu et al ., 2010 ). 
( Park et al ., 2004 ; Park et al ., 2006 ). 
( Kopec et al ., 2007 ). 
Name Genotype Reference. 
Yeast strains used in this paper. 
Gene transcript targeted by RNAi Reduced MPM-2 index Reduced Mxc index Reduced FLASH index Reduced Mute index Scored positive with histone misprocessing reporter. 
Summary of HLB assembly and histone pre-mRNA processing requirements. 
The table lists those genes of the 95 selected for validation from the primary screen that scored in at least one of the five secondary assays: anti-MPM-2, -Mxc, -FLASH, or -Mute HLB labeling and activation of the histone pre-mRNA misprocessing reporter. A score of a double plus sign, a single plus sign, or a negative sign was assigned when the spot index fell ?1.5 standard deviations from the control mean (i.e., ?1.5 z score) in each, at least one, or no validation replicate, respectively (also see Table S2 ). Note that Mxc, FLASH, and Mute all strongly reduced their own index, indicating successful RNAi-mediated depletion. Although the eight genes listed at the bottom of the table did not produce a ?1.5 or less z score in any of the MPM-2 validation replicates, they were included because they either activated the misprocessing reporter or affected the Mute index. 
Newly identified genes involved in histone pre-mRNA processing. 
Names Sequences Identity % Score (Bits) Gap %. 
Homologous regions between NDV viral proteins and human cellular proteins. 
AF2240-M showed most matching sequences both to cellular proteins and also Bcl-2 family members compared to other viral proteins and strains. 
Name Viral Protein Function Interacts With Does Not Interact With Annotation Reference. 
Viral proteins that resemble Bcl-2 family members by having one or more BH-like domains. 
So far only few viral proteins discovered show pro-apoptotic characteristics compared to the rest with anti-apoptotic effects. 
Agent References Target Phase of clinical study # of Patients in AML trial(s) Clinical activity. 
Vascular targeting strategies for patients with acute myeloid leukemia. 
Relationship of mean apoptotic count per high-power field with degree of histological differentiation in the cases of carcinoma esophagus. 
Oligonucleotides 5?-3? sequence T, °C. 
Oligonucleotides 5?-3? sequence. 
B?=?biotin; P?=?TINA (S4); Underlined bases indicate LNA residue. 
Cells Control Vorinostat. 
Ishikawa and USPC-2 cells were seeded in duplicate dishes, serum-starved for 24 h, and treated with vorinostat (or left untreated, controls) for 72 h. Cell cycle distribution was assessed by FACS analysis. The values in the Table denote mean ± SEM;. 
*p?0.05 versus controls. 
Computer approach to rational design of inhibitors/enhancers of protein–protein interactions. 
Predictors 1st CAPRI edition targets 2nd CAPRI edition targets 3rd CAPRI edition targets  T1 U/U T2 U/B T3 U/B T4 U/B T5 U/B T6 U/B T7 U/B T8 U/B T9 U/U T10 U/U T11 U/M T12 U/B T13 U/B T14 M/B T18 U/B T19 M/B T20 U/M T21 U/U T24 U/M T25 U/B T26 U/U T27 U/U T28 M/M. 
Prediction results of different protein–protein docking methods in the first three CAPRI editions (from target 1 to 28) 132 – 134. 
Notes: Only the groups and servers that participated in more than half of the targets are listed in this table. The symbol “–” means that no predictions were submitted. The quality of the best submitted model for each group is described as follows: 0, no acceptable models were submitted;. 
Acceptable quality;. 
Medium quality;. 
High quality model. The type of targets are indicated as: U, unbound; B, bound; M, model by homology. 
Glioma classification WHO grade Male/Female N Age(years). 
Summary of the pathological classification of glioma in index patients. 
AZ Peptide IC50 (µM) (without AZI) IC50 (AZ peptide)/IC50 (AZ_WT) IC50 (µM) (with AZI) IC50 (with AZI)/IC50 (without AZI). 
All IC50 values with or without AZI were derived from fitting the inhibition curves of ODC shown in Figures 2 and 4 , respectively. 
ND, not determined. 
AZ peptide K d,AZ-ODC (µM) K d,AZ-AZI (µM). 
The dissociation constants ( K d) of AZ-ODC and AZ-AZI were derived from global fitting of the sedimentation velocity data to the model of A+B?AB hetero-association in the SEDTHAT program. 
Case Sex Age (years) Tumor type WHO classification*. 
Clinical data of PET cases. 
* WDEC: well-differentiated endocrine carcinoma; WDET: well-differentiated endocrine tumor. 
Average methylation (%) Cases*       Promoter First Exon CpG island A. 
Pyrosequencing analysis of 20 matched samples: average methylation values of 51 CpGs in CpG island A of RASSF1A , of which 17 CpGs in the promoter and 34 CpGs in the first exon. 
*N = normal pancreas, T = PET. 
Assumed fibre type Instantaneous frequency (Hz) Number of impulses in 24 hrs. Number of impulses per train % time active Longest train duration. 
Firing characteristics of motor units in rats. Data are from Hennig & Lomo (1985) and represent the range of the means for 5–6 units followed over 24 h. 
Group HR (beats/min) LVSP (mm Hg) LVEDP (mm Hg) dp/dt (mm Hg/s) -dp/dt (mm Hg/s). 
Hemodynamic parameters evaluated by invasive measurements. 
Values are presented as mean ± SEM; HR: heart rate; LVSP: left ventricle systolic pressure; LVEDP: left ventricle end diastolic pressure; +dp/dt: maximum rate of left ventricle pressure rise; -dp/dt: maximum rate of left ventricle pressure fall; * P ? 0.05 vs. control group; # P < 0.05 vs. Diabetic group. 
Pearson's correlation coefficient         Exon 1.0 ST array a U133plus2.0 b Symbol KIAA1199 targeted Genbank Gene description. 
Abbreviations: CLL=chronic lymphocytic leukemia; MSS=microsatellite stable. 
Heroff, 18 genes marked with an asterisk were differentially expressed upon KIAA1199 knockdown in SW480 cells. (*log2 ratio ?>0.5?, P <0.05). 
mRNA from nine normal mucosas and 18 microdissected MSS adenocarcinomas. 
mRNA from 10 normal mucosas and 301 MSS adenocarcinomas. 
SNP_ID Gene Location/relevance Alleles MAF cases MAF controls Test GT counts cases GT counts controls OR (95% CI) P -value. 
Abbreviations: AA=amino acid; CI=confidence interval; Dom=dominant; ESE=exonic splicing enhancer; ESS=exonic splicing silencer; GT=genotype; MAF=minor allele frequency; mcons=conserved in mouse; miss=missense; Rec=recessive; SNP_ID=SNP identification; synon=synonymous; intron=intronic; UTR=untranslated region. 
Results are shown according to the best fitting-model. 
If one of the genotypes had a frequency <5, then Fisher's exact test was used. 
      Discovery   Replication   Overall   SNP Gene Test OR (95% CI) P -value OR (95% CI) P -value OR (95% CI) P -value. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; Dom=dominant; Geno=genotypic; OR=odds ratio; Rec=recessive; SNP=single-nucleotide polymorphism. 
ORs and unadjusted P -values are shown for discovery, replication and overall phases for each of them. Significant P -values are depicted in bold. 
  Present in I5? Present in I3? Proxy r 2 and D? P (CORGI) P (VQ58). 
Abbreviations: GWAS=genome-wide association study; SNP=single-nucleotide polymorphism; I5=Illumina HumanHap550; I3=Illumina HumanHap300 (Illumina, San Diego, CA, USA). 
Gene/protein abbreviation Full name Species Reference. 
Molecules with differential expression between the striosome and matrix compartments of the dorsal striatum . 
Differential immunoreactivity can result from differential expression in MSNs, striatal interneurons or afferents that preferentially target one compartment. When developmental stage is not indicated, the finding was made in adults. P, postnatal day; E, embryonic day . 
Disorder/model Species Change observed Reference. 
Diseases and disease models with disparate striosome vs. matrix properties . 
Selection number Target Number of input VH genes Number of VH genes used Number of unique VL genes and number sequenced Number of output VL genes (based on unique VL CDR3). 
Selection summary. 
Note: Numbers sequenced are in parentheses. 
BIAcore kinetic data and quantitative data from affinity capture assay and quantitative Western blots showing percentage recovery in immunoprecipitation. 
Note: Antibody names highlighted in green or red passed or failed immunoprecipitation, respectively. Parental scFvs have the prefix 58, and affinity matured scFvs have the prefix 72. Global fits were performed on the full 60 s of the association phase and the initial 20 s of the dissociation phase (see Supplementary Fig. 1 ). The last column (IP-ELISA) shows the signals obtained in the immunoprecipitation ELISA (see Materials and methods), which measures the ability of immobilized scFvs to bind endogenous SHC1 from a breast cancer epithelial cell lysate. (For interpretation of the references to color in this table note, the reader is referred to the Web version of this article.). 
Bait construct Description Prey construct Result. 
The interaction between Sec15p, Gdi1p and Sec4p was assessed using the yeast two-hybrid system. Reporter cells were cotransformed with a prey vector encoding SEC15 and a bait plasmid encoding either wild type or GTPase deficient mutant Sec4p Q79L with phosphorylated serine residues replaced with either alanine or aspartic acid. The strength of the interaction was determined using a ?-galactosidase reporter assay and assigned a relative strength of (++++, strong interaction to ?, no interaction). 
Primary transcriptional targets Posttranscriptional effects Secondary transcriptional targets Downstream consequences References    Cellular level Tissue level . 
Loss of p53 function in cell migration. 
Selected list of genes with an involvement in EMT, cell migration, and ECM degradation that are regulated by p53. p53 status, suppression or loss of wild-type p53. 
“Direct” target genes Via p63 inhibition Secondary machinery Downstream consequences References    Cellular level Tissue level . 
Mutant p53-regulated events that impact cell migration. 
Selected list of genes/proteins that affect EMT, cell migration, invasion, and metastasis that are regulated by mutant p53 in a gain-of-function manner. p53 status, expression of mutant p53s in p53?/? background. 
Marker Loss of lipid rafts association after 0- to 5-min suspension Internalization after 90- min suspension. 
Summary of changes in raft markers in adherent versus suspended cells. 
Second column: Lipid raft markers were analyzed for partitioning into the raft fractions by flotation on sucrose gradients before and after detachment. Movement out of the low-density fraction after detachment is denoted by +. Third column: Subcellular distributions were determined from fluorescence (GFP-tagged markers and CTxB-A596) or by isolating PM-enriched fractions (endogenously expressed markers). Internalization after detachment is denoted by +. 
+++ : >50%; ++ : ?50%; + : <50%; — : no change; N.D: Non determined; # : low association to lipid rafts in stably adherent cell. 
Summary of XIAP immunostaining results for thyroid neoplasms and disorders. 
Numbers in parentheses are percentages. The extent of staining was graded semiquantitatively as follows: no foci (0), rare-few foci (1+), multiple foci (2+), and regional-diffuse staining (3+). The intensity of staining was graded semiquantitatively as follows: negative (0), weak (1+), moderate (2+), and strong (3+). XIAP, X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein. 
Clinicopathological features of conventional-type papillary thyroid carcinoma according to XIAP expression. 
Numbers in parentheses are percentages. N1a, cervical lymph node (LN) metastasis at level VI (i.e., pretracheal, paratracheal, prelaryngeal/Delphian LN); N1b, cervical LN metastasis defined as unilateral, bilateral or contralateral cervical or superior mediastinal LNs, classified based on AJCC/UICC TNM staging; AJCC/UICC TNM, American Joint Committee on Cancer/International Union against Cancer Tumor-Node-Metastases classification. XIAP, X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein. 
Arabidopsis protein Plant process Representative homologous protein(s) Basic cellular mechanism. 
Conserved Arabidopsis WD repeat proteins of known function. Indicated are the plant-specific process(es) in which these proteins participate, and linkage to basic cellular mechanisms through homologous proteins from other eukaryotes (references within text). 
Human disease Human gene and function Arabidopsis gene(s), expect (E) value, and function if known. 
WDR genes associated with human disease and their Arabidopsis homologs. 
Targets Genetic alteration Cancer type. 
PTPN11 mutation Cancer related frequency a Previously reported as somatic mutation in cancer b. 
The second number represents how often the mutation has been identified in our cohort, whereas the first number displays the number of patients in the cohort with this mutation who developed a malignancy. 
The data in this column are derived from Aoki et al. 38. 
Aim Method Features Pros Cons. 
Ways to analyse function of miRNA. 
Model system Number of miRNAs screened Type of regulation Phenotype measured Assay Year Reference. 
miRNA-based functional screens. 
Effector miRNA Target genes Validation assay Year Reference Expressiona Reporterb qRT-PCR ISc siRNAd. 
Validation assays in miRNA-based screens. 
a mRNA expression profiling. 
b Luciferase and/or GFP reporter assays. 
c Immunostaining. 
d Recapitulation of miRNA-mediated phenotype by selected siRNAs. 
Genes examined Normal adjacent Liver tissues (n = 46) HCC Tumours (n = 46)      Stages. 
A summary of immunohistochemical analysis of MEK1/2 and its phosphorylation at Ser217/221 in human HCC. Human HCCs (T) and adjacent benign liver (ABL) tissues (N) were collected, paraffin blocks were prepared and immunohistochemical analysis was performed as described under Experimental Procedures. Tissue sections were stained with anti-phospho-MEK1/2 (Ser217/221) antibody. Only nuclear immunoreactivity was considered positive. Sections were scored as 1 (<1.0% of tumor cells positive); 2 (1–5% of tumor cells positive); 3 (5–10% of tumor cells positive) and 4 (>10% of tumor cells positive). 
Sample Code age gender kidney grade capsule penetration sinus invasion tumor RNA normal RNA. 
Clinical data on samples for gene-expression analysis. 
* The RNA from patient 032's normal kidney tissue is described in detail in the text. 
Gene -log10 p-value log2 fold-change. 
Genes previously identified as differentially expressed in RCC not identified in our study. 
keyword # of genes % up % down p up p down. 
Keywords associated with RCC-differentially-expressed genes. 
Significant associations are bolded. 
Type of Leukemia BCL2 family members involved in disease Correlation with overall survival and outcome. 
This table summarizes the general findings regarding BCL2 family members in each type of leukemia. 
Action Mechanism of action Subcellular localization. 
This table summarizes the properties of the most well-studied members of BCL2 family. 
Treatment R max (% to KPSS) log EC50. 
* P <0.05 compared with control (ANOVA). 
ACh SNP Treatment R max (%) log EC50 R max (%) log EC50. 
Treatment R max (% to KPSS) log EC50. 
* P <0.05 compared with control; + P <0.05 compared with simvastatin (ANOVA). 
PI3K isoform A66 S A66 R SN34452 PIK-75 TGX-221 IC87114. 
IC50 values are in nM. ND, not determined. 
Kinase A66 S SN34452. 
IC50 values are in nM. ND, not determined. 
Drug C max (nM) T max (h) AUCo-inf (nM·h) T 1/2 (h). 
Xenagraft model  Control BEZ-235 A66. 
BWL, body weight loss; NS, not significant. 
Samples Total Nuclei Stained Nuclei % Positive Nuclei  N ?=? Mean S.E.M. Mean S.E.M. Mean S.E.M. 
% Rfx1 positive nuclei between (A) normal glandular gastro-esophageal junction and: (B) +Barrett's Esophagus p?0.12, (C) †Dysplastic Barrett's p?0.0001, or (D) ‡adenocarcinoma p?0.0001. Of the 20 adenocarcinoma samples in (D), two outliers had 16% and 38% of their nuclei expressing Rfx1 and 18 samples expressed Rfx1 in only 0.6%. 
Functional parameters Group N (n=4) Group EAM (n=6) Group Tel-10 (n=6). 
Changes in hemodynamic and echocardiographic functional parameters after 3 weeks of treatment with telmisartan in rats with or without experimental autoimmune myocarditis. 
Results are presented as the mean ± S.E.M. CVP, central venous pressure; MBP, mean blood pressure; LVP, left ventricular pressure; LVEDP, left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; {plus minus} dP/dt, rate of intra-ventricular pressure rise and decline; HR, heart rate; LVDd, left ventricular dimension in diastole; LVDs, left ventricular dimension in systole; FS, fractional shortening; EF, ejection fraction; group N, aged matched untreated rats; group EAM, rats with heart failure treated with vehicle; group Tel-10, rats with heart failure treated with telmisartan 10 mg/kg/day respectively; * P < 0.05 and ** P < 0.01 vs group N; # P < 0.05 and ## P < 0.01 vs group EAM. 
Parameters Group N (n=4) Group EAM (n=6) Group Tel-10 (n=6). 
Changes in morphometric and histopathological parameters and serum angiotensin 1-7 level after 3 weeks of treatment with telmisartan in rats with or without experimental autoimmune myocarditis. 
Results are presented as the mean ± S.E.M. HW/BW, ratio of heart weight to body weight; ANG 1-7, angiotensin 1-7; group N, aged matched untreated rats; group EAM, rats with heart failure treated with vehicle; group Tel-10, rats with heart failure treated with telmisartan 10 mg/kg/day, respectively; * P < 0.05 and ** P < 0.01 vs group N; # P < 0.05 and ## P < 0.01 vs group EAM. 
1 week 4 week 8 week  sham group MI sham group MI sham group MI. 
P<0.05 compared by group of 8 wks post MI. 
*P<0.05 compared by sham group at each time point. 
4 week 6 week  control ILK control ILK. 
*P<0.05 compared by sham group at each time point. 
Diseases Findings Rodents Nonhuman primates Humans References. 
Summary of aging-related diseases affected by caloric restriction in experimental animal models and clinical trialsa. 
aCR, caloric restriction; Y, CR has effects on relevant physiological changes; Y/?, not resolved or not reported. 
Genes Gene functions in aging Epigenetic regulation CR effects References. 
Selected genes regulated by epigenetic factors during caloric restrictiona. 
aCR, caloric restriction; hTERT , human telomerase reverse transcriptase; HDAC1, histone deacetylase 1; SIRT1, Sirtuin (silent mating type information regulation 2 homolog) 1; NHEJ, non-homologous end joining; DSB, DNA double-strand break. 
Drugs Epigenetic effect Description Clinical trials References. 
Epigenetic clinical trials for aging-related degenerative diseasesa. 
aDNMT, DNA methyltransferase; HDAC, histone deacetylase; SIRT1, Sirtuin (silent mating type information regulation 2 homolog) 1; EGCG, epigallocatechin gallate. 
Probe Gene pValue Enrichment in HER2+. 
Impact of HER2 status on the expression of Bcl-2 family members in mammary tumors. 
The impact of HER2 status (evaluated by immunohistochemistry) on the expression of 20 genes of the Bcl-2 family was evaluated as described in Methods. The cohort contained 41 HER2+ and 170 HER2- ones. + and - indicate an enrichment and an impoverishment, respectively, in the HER2 overexpressing cohort. P values were assessed by a Wilcoxon test. Pro-apoptotic genes are shown in bold . 
Cell Line % TUNEL positive (without TNF-?) % TUNEL positive (20 ng/ml TNF-?). 
Percent of cells undergoing apoptosis by TNF-? treatment. 
Cells were plated in 6 well plates, starved over night and treated with 20 ng/ml of TNF-? for 72 h. Cells were collected, fixed, washed and then processed for TUNEL assay. 
Tumor thickness Recommended margins. 
Guidelines for surgical excision of melanoma, from the National Cancer Center Network Practice Guidelines in Oncology 15. 
Study Patients (n) One-year LC One-year OS Comments. 
Role of linear accelerator stereotactic radiosurgery in the treatment of melanoma brain metastases. 
Abbreviations: LC, local control; OS, overall survival; SRS, stereotactic radiosurgery; WBRT, whole brain radiotherapy. 
Study Patients (n) One-year LC One-year OS Comments. 
Role of gamma knife-based radiosurgery in the treatment of melanoma brain metastases. 
Abbreviations: GKRS, gamma knife-based radiosurgery; OS, overall survival. 
Protein Phenotype Heritability (%). 
Rank Chromosome 14 gene symbols(CANDID score) Chromosome 3 gene symbols(CANDID score). 
Phenotype SNP Gene symbol Additive model Dominant model Recessive model. 
*Significant using false discovery rate of 5%. 
**Significant at Bonferroni-corrected threshold. 
Smad3 (WT or mutant) Percent binding relative to the binding by phosphorylated wild-type Smad3  Smad4 SARA Smurf2 Ski  FL aa665–721 aa252–330 aa2–56. 
Binding between wild-type or mutant Renilla-Smad3 fusion proteins and four different Flag epitope-tagged Smad-binding proteins was quantified by pull-down of protein complexes from cell lysates in anti-Flag antibody-coated 96-well plates and measuring the amount of luciferase activity per well in a luminometer. The luciferase counts were normalized to the number of counts recovered with phosphorylated wild-type Smad3 (100%). All of the Smad3 mutant proteins were co-expressed with the constitutively active Alk5. The average of the data from at least four independent transfections is shown. Total Renilla luciferase activity was measured in each transfected cell lysate as a surrogate measure for the level of Renilla-Smad fusion protein; data is only reported for experiments where the level of each Renilla-Smad3 mutant was within two-fold of the level of the Renilla-Smad3 wild type protein in the same experiment. FL indicates that the full-length Smad4 protein was used. The amino acids comprising the SARA [32] , Smurf2 [52] and Ski [22] Smad3-binding motifs that were expressed on the Flag-epitope tagged thioredoxin scaffold are indicated below each gene. The reduced binding interactions of the Smad3 mutants D408H and Y297A to the Ski Smad-binding domain are consistent with previous studies using different assay methods [22] . Standard deviations are indicated in parenthesis. Not determined (nd). 
*The Smad3 QPSMT/SE mutant has residues 252–256 and 266–267 changed to the Smad1 equivalent amino acids (STSVL/NKN) [47] . 
Smad3 Mutants Percent binding to Smad3 mutants relative to the binding to wild-type Smad3 (100%)  Smad4 Smad3 SARA SARA Smurf2 Ski SkiW274E Sip1  FL FL 665–721 FL 252–330 2–56 FL 315–487. 
Binding between wild-type or mutant Renilla-Smad3 fusion proteins and eight different Flag epitope-tagged Smad-binding proteins was quantified by pull-down of protein complexes from cell lysates and detection of the Renilla luciferase activity per well. The Renilla luciferase counts were normalized to the number of counts recovered with phosphorylated wild-type Smad3 (100%). The proteins were co-expressed with the constitutively active Alk5. The average of the data from at least four independent transfections is shown. Total Renilla luciferase activity was measured in each transfected cell lysate as a surrogate measure for the level of Renilla-Smad fusion protein; data is only reported for experiments where the level of each Renilla-Smad3 mutant was within two-fold of the level of the Renilla-Smad3 wild type protein in the same experiment. FL indicates that the full-length protein was used, e.g., full-length SARA [59] . The amino acids comprising the SARA [32] , Smurf2 [52] , Ski [22] , and Sip1 [94] Smad3-binding motifs expressed on the Flag-epitope tagged thioredoxin scaffold are indicated below each gene. Standard deviations are indicated in parenthesis. 
Smad3 Mutants Percent binding to Smad3 mutants relative to the binding to wild-type Smad3 (100%)  Smad4 Smad3 SARA SARA Smurf2 Ski SkiW274E Sip1  FL FL 665–721 FL 252–330 2–56 FL 315–487. 
Binding between wild-type or mutant Renilla-Smad3 fusion proteins and eight different Flag epitope-tagged Smad-binding proteins was quantified by pull-down of protein complexes from cell lysates and detection of the Renilla luciferase activity per well. The Renilla luciferase counts were normalized to the number of counts recovered with phosphorylated wild-type Smad3 (100%). The proteins were co-expressed with the constitutively active Alk5. The average of the data from at least four independent transfections is shown. Total Renilla luciferase activity was measured in each transfected cell lysate as a surrogate measure for the level of Renilla-Smad fusion protein; data is only reported for experiments where the level of each Renilla-Smad3 mutant was within two-fold of the level of the Renilla-Smad3 wild type protein in the same experiment. FL indicates that the full-length protein was used. The amino acids comprising the SARA [32] , Smurf2 [52] , Ski [22] , and Sip1 [94] Smad3-binding motifs expressed on the Flag-epitope tagged thioredoxin scaffold are indicated below each gene. The Smad3 Del-PPGY (182–185) mutation is included in the last row although it resides in the Smad3 linker region and not in the MH2 domain. Reduced binding interactions to the Smad interaction motif from Ski by W406A, Y297A and Y226A are consistent with previous studies on this protein interaction that used size exclusion chromatography with purified proteins [22] , [64] . Standard deviations are indicated in parenthesis. 
Sample1 Sample2 tau P-value FDR. 
Protein binding data from Tables 2 and 3 and reporter gene activation data (RESCUE) from Table 2 were tested pairwise for their ability to correlate based on each sample's results with all of the Smad3 mutants using Kendall's rank correlation analysis. The data were analyzed using Mstat 5.4. Tau is the correlation coefficient. The p-value is shown with the false discovery rate (FDR) correction, which accounts for the multiple comparisons. The first three rows of data confirm expected results that, for the panel of hot-spot mutations examined, binding to Smad3 and Smad4 correlate, binding to full length SkiW274E and the Ski peptide correlate, and binding to full length SARA and the SARA peptide correlate. There is a positive correlation, not predicted by any prior studies, that a similar pattern of Smad3 hot-spots are involved in binding to both the SKI peptide and the SIP1 peptide. In contrast, there are significant negative correlations between Smad3 mutants binding to SARA versus Smurf2 peptide as well as between Smad3 mutants binding to Smad4 versus SARA peptide. The analysis also was used to correlate the protein binding properties of the hot spot mutations (LUMIER assay in 293 cells, Tables 2 and 3 ) to function (reporter gene assay in JEG3 cells, Figure 2 ). As expected, rescue of the Smad3-dependent reporter gene activation correlated with binding to Smad4. Rescue also significantly correlated with how the hot-spot mutations affected binding to the SIP1 peptide or SKI274E. In contrast, rescue of the reporter gene did not correlate with how the Smad3 mutant hot-spots affected binding to Smurf2 peptide or to SARA. 
Smad3 Mutants Percent of the TGF-? inducibility provided by wild-type Smad3. 
Populations of C2C12 cells from two independent infections (A and B) with retroviruses expressing wild-type or mutant Smad3s were treated with 100 pM TGF-?1 (induced) or the TGF-?-receptor kinase inhibitor SB431542 (basal) for 24 hours. Quantitative-RT-PCR was used to quantify the levels of the six indicated gene products and these were normalized to the level of beta-actin mRNA in each lysate. The normalized levels for both the basal and induced cell lysates are shown in Figure 5 and Figure S1 . TGF-? inducibility, or fold increase over basal level, was calculated as the ratio of the TGF-?-induced level divided by the basal level of expression. In the C2C12 cells infected with retrovirus expressing wild-type Smad3 (both the A and B infections), the fold increases over basal induced by TGF-? were: MMP9 6±1; Il-11 31±5; Tnfaip6 11±2; Fermt1 8±2; Olfm2 31±10; Wnt11 12±2. The TGF-? inducibility provided by the mutant Smad3 proteins was normalized to the TGF-? inducibility provided by wild-type Smad3 in the infected cells which was set to 100%. The standard deviations are indicated in parenthesis. 
*Variance in the very low basal expression levels were the primary contributors to the large standard deviation. 
Molecules/method Dbait Chloroquine Fluorescence a MCC Cor MCC MCC Cor MCC   (?g?ml ?1 ) (100?mg?ml ?1 ) × 10 6 ??g ?1 ml ?1 5?h 5?h 24?h 24?h. 
Abbreviations: Cor MCC, corrected cellular content FL2/fluorescence; MCC, mean cellular content FL2 value (>3 experiments); ND, not defined. 
Fluorescence at FL2 value. 
Dbait/vector complexes Dbait conc. Mode admin. N mice Median survival time Mean TGD a s.d. TGD Mean % TGD TGD P -value b. 
Abbreviations: CQ, chloroquine; IT, intratumoral injection; Mode admin, mode of administration; SC, subcutaneous injection; TGD, tumor growth delay;. 
TGD was calculated as described in Material and Methods. 
Statistical analyses were performed using mock treatment as a reference. 
gene siRNA1 siRNA2 siRNA3 siRNA4. 
Mutations/Genes All scored (taken as 100%) n Scored (FIS???0.8) neutral impactb, n (%) Scored (0.8?<?FIS???1.9) low impact, n (%) Scored (1.9?<?FIS???3.5) medium impact, n (%) Scored (FIS?>?3.5) high impact, n (%). 
Prediction of the functional impact of mutations observed in cancer (COSMIC database a ). 
aOf the total 10716 missense mutations in COSMIC 45, 10?005 mutations were mapped on sequences of UniProt, and determined as unique non-synonymous. 
bApproximately 50% of polymorphic variants and ?7% of disease-associated variants got FIS score <0.8; ?27% of polymorphic variants and ?14% of disease-associated variants got FIS score between 0.8 and 1.9; ?17% of polymorphic variants and ?50% of disease-associated variants got FIS score between 1.9 and 3.5; ?21% of polymorphic variants and ?79% of disease-associated variants got FIS score >1.9; ?3% of polymorphic variants and ?30% of disease-associated variants got FIS score >3.5. 
cTS and OG stand, respectively, for tumor suppressor and oncogene. 
dA gene is scored according to the highest FIS bin of any of its mutations. 
State group Relaxed Activated (pCa = 4.2) Rigor. 
Transversal stiffness (pN/nm) of isolated permeabilized Sol muscle fibers in liquid in relaxed, calcium-activated ( pCa = 4.2), and rigor states under 14-day gravitational unloading and 3-day reloading. 
* P < 0.05 as compared to the analogous state of the group “Control,” $ P < 0.05 as compared to the analogous state of the group “14-HS,” % P < 0.05 as compared to the relaxed state at the same group, # P < 0.05 as compared to the activated state at the same group. 
Sample G1, % S, % G2/M, %. 
Cell-cycle phase distributions of activated T-cell populations, determined by flow cytometry using PI staining, at the time of cell sorting. 
Purity, %   Sample G1 S G2/M. 
Purity of flow-sorted populations from activated T cells and Jurkat cells. 
Sample G1, % S, % G2/M, %. 
Cell-cycle distribution of cell populations stained with Hoechst 33342 selected for sorting (after gating in forward/side scatter (FSC/SSC) and doublet discrimination). 
Fresh 24 h OC 48 h OC IMD-0354 + 24 h OC IMD-0354 + 48 h OC SB386023-b + 24 h OC SB386023-b + 48 h OC U0126 + 24 h OC U0126 + 48 h OC. 
Levels of TNF-?, TNF-R1 and TNF-R2 proteins in the cerebral arteries in fresh vessels, in 24 and 48 h organ culture, with present and absences of IMD-0354, SB386023-b and U0126. 
Values are expressed as percentage of fresh and given as mean values ± S.E.M, n = 5. 
* P < 0.05 and ** P < 0.01, significant difference between fresh and culture after 24 and 48 h. 
§ P < 0.05 and §§ P < 0.01, significant difference between 48 h organ culture and treatment with 48 h culture + (IMD-0354, SB386023-b and U0126). 
# P < 0.05 and ## P < 0.01, significant difference between 24 h organ culture and treatment with 24 h culture + (IMD-0354, SB386023-b and U0126). 
DNA/RNA metabolism ID Control 17AAG Gene Function. 
Peptide and protein identification in a comparative table format between control and 17AAG treated IMR-32 cells. The numbers under control and 17AAG treatment shows the number of peptides matched with the represented protein ID in our screening. 
Up regulated proteins Protein ID Peptide sequence Mass Xcor Protein name. 
The identified unmapped peptides showing gene ID and classification. 
Ranking by #PPIs #proteins #PPIs Density Median rank Minimum rank Maximum rank #HIV interactors #BKZ HDFs. 
Ranking by #PPIs #proteins #HIV interactors Highly enriched functions p -value #proteins with function #BKZ HDFs #BKZ HDFs with function. 
Some columns are repeated from Table 1 for the sake of convenience. 
*(in the column titled “#BKZ HDFS”) indicates that the overlap BKZ HDFs with clusters computed by MCODE is statistically significant at the 0.05 level. 
Study name #genes #genes that are also essential p -value of overlap. 
Study name #genes #genes that are also in the PPI network. 
Algorithm Uses negative examples Parameters Values tested. 
HER2     0 1+ 2+ 3+ Total. 
The expression pattern of Her2 and GEP100 in 132 samples of lung adenocarcinoma were determined and summarized. 
Receptor  Primer sequence Product size. 
Primer sequences and product sizes used for NPR mRNA determination in RAoSMC. 
Receptor  Primer sequence Product size. 
Primer sequences and product sizes for NPR mRNA determination in HUVEC. 
Methyltransferase Major Target Site(s) Function or Links to Disease. 
Protein Methyltransferases, their Methylation Marks, and Links to Disease. 
Female Male     Wild type Col-Cre Egfr Wa5/f Wild type Col-Cre Egfr Wa5/f. 
Cortical Parameters of the Femoral Midshaft of Col-Cre Egfr Wa5/f Mice Measured by pQCT. 
p < .005. 
p < .05 versus age- and sex- matched wild-type mice. 
MC Erlotinib T80 Gefitinib. 
Cortical Bone Parameters of the Femoral Midshaft of EGFR Inhibitor–Treated Mice Measured by pQCT. 
MC = vehicle control for erlotinib treatment; Erlotinib = 50 mg/kg/day; T80 = vehicle control for gefitinib treatment; Gefitinib = 100 mg/kg/day. 
p < .05 versus corresponding vehicle. 
Female Male     Wild type Egfr Dsk5/+ Wild type Egfr Dsk5/+. 
Cortical Parameters of the Femoral Midshaft of Egfr Dsk5/+ Mice Measured by pQCT. 
p < .001. 
p < .01. 
p < .05 versus age- and sex-matched wild-type mice. 
VH10 p21 hMDM2-p2 PUMA. 
mRNA expression levels in VH10 and HER cell lines. 
Total RNA of each cell line was isolated and expression levels of the indicated genes were determined by qRT-PCR and normalized for the housekeeping genes CAPNS1 and TBP ; levels are shown relative to wild-type cells. 
Cell line Nutlin-3 treatment (h) p53 p21 hMDM2. 
Protein levels, relative to untreated VH10 wt cells, corrected for HAUSP expression. 
Band intensities shown in figure 3B were quantified using the Odyssey 2.1 analysis software (LI-COR Biosciences) and the relative protein levels were calculated using HAUSP expression as an internal control. Basal protein levels in VH10 wild-type cells were set at 1.0. 
Cell line Nutlin-3 treatm (h) p53 p21 hMDM2 hMDM2-p2 hMDMX PUMA GADD45a SURVIVIN. 
Fold induction mRNA per cell line after Nutlin-3 treatment. 
VH10 cells were treated with 10 ?M Nutlin-3 for the indicated times and analyzed using qRT-PCR. Expression was normalized for the housekeeping genes CAPNS1 and TBP . The induction of mRNA expression upon Nutlin-3 treatment per cell line is shown for p53, p21, hMDM2, hMDM2-p2, hMDMX, PUMA, GADD45alpha and SURVIVIN . For each cell line the basal mRNA expression is set at 1.0. 
Protein Name/cat. # Company. 
List of used antibodies. 
Antibodies used in this study are listed in table 4, together with name or category number and the name of the company. For detection of human p53 we used a mix of DO-1 and 1801 (°), for detection of human Hdm2 we used a mix of 4B2 and SMP14 (*). 
Primer sequences. 
Sequences of qRT-PCR primers used in this study. 
Cell Line. 
Over expression of HOX genes in ovarian cancer cell lines using RT-PCR. 
Shows over expression of HOX genes in ovarian cancer cell lines by RT-PCR. Numbers indicate folds of expression level of each HOX gene in cancer cells compared with that in normal samples. After ref [ 13 ]. 
Gene Clinical Features Selected Ref . Frequency. 
Clinical features of gene mutations in AML (unclassified mutations). 
Gene Clinical Features Selected Ref . Frequency. 
Clinical features of gene mutations in AML (class I mutations). 
Gene Clinical Features Selected Ref . Frequency. 
Clinical features of gene mutations in AML (class II mutations). 
Stagea Kinase Full name Mechanismb References. 
Other protein kinases implicated in myogenesis. 
The protein kinases listed are those that have been clearly implicated in regulating some aspect of myogenesis but have not been studied in detail. 
aThe stage of myogenesis regulated by the indicated kinase. bThe mechanism the indicated kinase has been implicated in regulating. cAlso known as hepatocyte growth factor/scatter factor receptor (HGFR/SFR). dAlso known as big MAP kinase 1 (BMK1) or extracellular signal-regulated kinase 5 (ERK5). 
Molecule Spider 10% serum Lee's GlcNAc efg1 -T206E ADH1pr-CPH1 db-cAMP ras1 -G13V gpa2 -Q355L Predicted Pathway. 
In the Spider, 10% serum, Lee's, and GlcNAc columns, “+” refers to statistically significant BHT inhibitory activity ( P value of <0.05 compared to the DMSO control; see Figure 2 ), whereas “?” refers to no statistically significant BHT inhibitory activity ( P value of >0.05 compared to the DMSO control). In the efg1 -T206E, ADH1pr-CPH1 , db-cAMP, ras1 -G13V, and gpa2 -Q355L columns, “+” refers to the constitutively active mutant or db-cAMP being epistatic to the added BHT inhibitor, whereas “?” refers to the added BHT inhibitor being epistatic to the constitutively active mutant or db-cAMP. NT, not tested. 
Strain Genotype Reference. 
Parameter Reference range for women July 2007 November 2008. 
Blood results and vital signs. 
Abnormal results in bold. 
Gastrointestinal Adjusted OR (95% CI) Medications Adjusted OR (95% CI) Others Adjusted OR (95% CI). 
Risk factors for community-acquired C. difficile infection (after Dial et al. 2006 [ 10 ]). 
IBD = Inflammatory bowel disease. 
Exposure (?g/m3) N Mean (SD) Min Percentile Max        25th 50th 75th . 
Distribution of PM mass and metals contained in PM* among study subjects (N = 63). 
*Metals were measured in the PM10 fraction of PM mass. 
CpG site N DNA methylation     Baseline sample Post-exposure sample p-value. 
Promoter CpG site DNA methylation of four tumor suppressor genes measured in post-exposure and baseline samples. 
Exposures APC p16 p53 RASSF1A    ?std 95% CI ?std 95% CI ?std 95% CI ?std 95% CI. 
Association of PM mass and metal components with methylation of four tumor suppressor genes measured in post-exposure samples (N = 63). 
* multivariable mixed effects models adjusted for age, BMI, smoking, % of granulocytes. 
a p ? 0.0001; b p ? 0.001; c p ? 0.05. 
Characteristics  N = 70. 
Patient characteristics and clinical data. 
pCR: Complete response; pMR: Major response; pLR: Limited response. 
KRAS (n = 67) BRAF (n = 64). 
KRAS and BRAF mutational status with outcomes. 
WT: Wildtype; OS: Overall Survival. 
The relationship between clinicopathological variables and MMR gene protein expression. 
Cause IQ less than 50 IQ between 50 and 70. 
Disorder Genetic abnormality Chromosomal region Gene and/or product Function. 
. 
Guilt/self-blame. 
Worthlessness. 
Low self-esteem. 
Pessimism. 
Hopelessness. 
Diminished decision-making ability. 
Poor memory. 
Poor concentration. 
Antidepressant NE 5-HT DA. 
SSRI TCA Mixed NSRI MAOI Bupropion Trazodone Nefazodone. 
Anticholinergic effects. 
CNS effects. 
GI effects. 
Cardiovascular effects. 
Sexual dysfunction. 
Discontinuation syndrome. 
Treatment Rate of response NNT Effect size. 
Contact frequency. 
Assessment frequency. 
Duration of acute treatment. 
Response. 
Criteria for medication change. 
Evaluations. 
Drug name Initial dose (mg/day) Modal therapeutic dose (mg/day) Maximum dosage (mg/day). 
Fluoxetine *. 
Paroxetine. 
Fluvoxamine *,†. 
Citalopram. 
Escitalopram. 
Amitriptyline*. 
Nortriptyline*. 
Imipramine*. 
Desipramine*. 
Doxepin*. 
Clomipramine*,†. 
Protriptyline. 
Trimipramine*. 
Amoxapine. 
Malprotiline. 
Bupropion*. 
Trazodone*. 
Nefazodone. 
Phenelzine. 
Tranylcypromine. 
Isocarboxazid. 
NR1. 
NR2A, NR2B, NR2C, NR2D. 
NR3A, NR3B. 
GluR1, GluR2, GluR3, GluR4. 
GluR5, GluR6, GluR7. 
KA1, KA2. 
mGlu1a, mGlu1b, mGlu1c, mGlu1d. 
mGlu2, mGlu3. 
mGlu4a, mQlu4b, mGlu4c, mGlu4d. 
mGlu6. 
mGlu7a, mGlu7b, mGlu7c, mGlu7d. 
mGlu8a, mGlu8b, mGlu8c, mGlu8d. 
Monoaminergic hypothesis (1960s-1970s). 
Monoaminergic receptor hypothesis (1980s). 
Hypothesis of signaling adaptation (1990s). 
Hypothesis of neuroplasticity (200s). 
Modifications of gene expression. 
Modifications of synaptic transmission (synaptic plasticity). 
Neurogenesis. 
NK-1 receptor antagonists. 
CRF1 antagonists. 
Glutamatergic agents (NMDA blockers, AMPAkines, mGlu modulators, riluzole, lamotrigine). 
Melatonergic (MT1/2) agonist / 5-HT2C antagonist (agomelatine) New monoamine-based antidepressants. 
5-HT4 and 5-HT6 agonists. 
5-HT7 antagonists. 
Ghrelin Des-acyl ghrelin GHS Antagonists. 
Summary of the neuroprotective effects of ghrelin, des-acyl ghrelin, and synthetic antagonists and agonists of the ghrelin receptor . 
GHRP-6, growth hormone-releasing peptide 6; MPTP IR . 
Tissue type Variable n Positive n Positive rate (%). 
Expressions of MACC1 protein in different ovarian tissues analyzed by immunohistochemistry. 
* ?2 test. Compared with normal ovarian and benign ovarian tumor tissues P < 0.05. 
Cell type/condition IC50 (fold increase). 
MOLM13-R-PKC412 cells were either in the continuous presence of PKC412 prior to treatment with HG-7-85-01 (PKC412 was washed out on the day of the set up of the proliferation study), or they were cultured according to the following treatment conditions: Condition #1: Two-day withdrawal of PKC412 from MOLM13-R-PKC412 cells prior to assay. Condition #2: Two days of PKC412 treatment of MOLM13-R-PKC412, two days of PKC412 withdrawal, three days of PKC412 treatment, and two days of PKC412 withdrawal prior to assay. Condition #3: Five days of PKC412 withdrawal prior to assay. Condition #4: Seven days of PKC412 withdrawal prior to assay. IC50 values are presented as fold increases over IC50 obtained for HG-7-85-01 against MOLM13-S cells. 
Cellular proteins Virus      HIV-1 HIV-2 ?SIV. 
Virion-associated cellular proteins in HIV-1, HIV-2 and SIV. 
a incorporated in some SIV strains (SIVcpz). 
ND : not determined. 
Giroud et al. Table 1. 
Family Genus Virus Viral substrate(s) Virus-associated cellular kinase (s) Possible function(s) References. 
Virion-associated cellular protein kinases and their viral substrates. 
Giroud et al. Table 2. 
Strain Genotype Reference. 
Strains used in this study. 
Kin17 expression  Groups n (%) Low High P value. 
Abbreviation: BBD, benign breast diseases; DCIS, Ductal carcinoma in situ; IDC, Invasive ductal carcinoma. 
Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test,. 
Pearson Chi-Square test,. 
Continuity correction test,. 
*statistically significant. 
Kin17 expression  Variales n(%) Low High P value. 
Mann-whitney u test,. 
Pearson Chi-Square test,. 
Continuity correction test,. 
*statistically significant. 
Angiogenic factors. 
Endogenous inhibitors of angiogenesis. 
Genetic control of angiogenesis. 
Approved antiangiogenic agents and cancer indications. 
†Available only in China. 
* Neuroendocrine tumor. 
** Subependymal giant cell astrocytoma, associated with tuberous sclerosis. 
Source: Angiotracker, The Angiogenesis Foundation ( http://www.angio.org/ ). 
Chemopreventive agents that possess antiangiogenic properties. 
Source: Angiotracker, The Angiogenesis Foundation ( http://www.angio.org/ ). 
Transporters Number of human homologues. 
The amino acid sequences were retrieved from the NCBI protein database or the SGD database for polyamine transporters of Escherichia coli and Saccharomyces cerevisiae and subjected to a standard blast search in NCBI (algorithm blastp). The chosen query database was “RefSeq Protein”. The search was restricted to Homo sapiens . For CadB ( E. coli ) two possible sequences were retrieved (147 and 444 amino acids) and both were used in our search. The shorter protein is part of the longer one. For MdtII no protein but rather a chain A and a chain B of the Mdt protein were found. Both chains were used in our search. For all transporters, only the homologues with an E value below 10-4 were included. Applying these parameters, the list of proteins yielded in this search was big. The results can be subdivided into 3 groups: (i) those proteins without any apparent homolog; (ii) proteins with 1-6 homologs and (iii) proteins with a long list of homologs. While the result for group (i) is clear, the results for group (ii) are all at the edge of the applied threshold and none of them is an overwhelming hit. As for group (iii) the long list might be due to the homology of a conserved functional domain and to the inclusion of all isoforms of a specific hit (see e.g. homologues for PotA in E. coli ). The full list of homologues can be found in the Supplementary Table. 
Cell line miR296 miR298. 
miR-296 and miR-298 amplification in cancer cells. 
GAPDH was used as an internal control and the relative amplification (fold increase over the control, normal genomic DNA) in respective cell lines is shown. ND, not determined. 
Human Chimpanzee Mouse Rat  TF name P -value P -value P -value P -value. 
Significance of PG4–TFBS co-occurrence within ±100?bp in promoters with conserved PG4 motifs in human, chimpanzee, mouse and rat. 
aIndicates value <E-310. 
TF Name Classification of TF Involvement in Biological processes/ Pathways a Key regulated genes by TF. 
Functional annotation of TFBS significantly co-occurring with conserved PG4 motifs (within 100 bases). 
aRelevant references showing involvement of particular TF in biological processes/pathways are given in Supplementary Table S2 . 
TFBS associated with conserved PG4 motif (within 100 bases) Differentially expressed genes with PG4–TFBS in promoters P- value of PG4–TFBS enrichment in promoters. 
TFBS enriched on promoters harboring conserved PG4 motif that are differentially expressed in A549 and HeLaS3 cells after treatment with G-quadruplex binding ligand. 
Herpesvirus Viral evasion of autophagy Autophagy promotion Host-virus interactions and host antiviral defense Viral proteins/mechanisms Ref. 
Relationships between Herpesvirus and autophagy. 
Signaling Components of Epo/EpoR Pathway SFFV-P SFFV-A Reference. 
Signaling components of the Epo/EpoR pathway activated by SFFV. SFFV-P and SFFV-A, which have different effects on erythroid cell differentiation, are compared. 
MTOC orientation Uninfected control subject HTLV-1-infected subjects Subject 1 Subject 2 Gag p19? Gag p19+ Gag p19? Gag p19+. 
HTLV-1-infected cells polarize their MTOCs to the cell-cell junction in CD4+ T-cell conjugates. Two experiments were performed, each with fresh ex vivo CD4+ T cells from an unrelated HTLV-1-infected subject. Conjugates were allowed to form for 30 min (Subject 1) or 60 min (Subject 2), then were fixed and stained for HTLV-1 Gag p19 and tubulin alpha. Only conjugates containing two cells were counted. The figures denote the number (percentage) of cells whose MTOC was polarized to the cell-to-cell junction. Odds ratio(a) of MTOC polarization in Gag p19+ cells, comparing the number of polarized MTOCs with (polarized + not seen) MTOCs. This table was originally published in the material accompanying reference [ 32 ]. 
Structure/Function usHBZ sHBZ. 
Structural and functional differences between the unspliced and spliced Hbz. 
Disease or Syndrome Clinical Characteristics and Pathologic Outcomes. 
Human T-lymphotrophic virus type-1 (HTLV-1) -associated diseases and syndromes. 
? Four classifications based on clinical signs include: asymptomatic, pre-leukemic, chronic smoldering, and acute. 
? Clinical symptoms may include malaise, fever, lymphadenopathy, hepatosplenomegaly, hypercalcemia, lytic bone lesions, elevated lactate dehydrogenase, increased interleukin 2 receptor in serum, lymphomatous skin infiltrates, jaundice, weight loss, and various opportunistic infections, such as Pneumocystis carinii. 
? Aggressive malignancy of T-lymphocytes, characterized by multiple distinct cell surface markers, including CD3+/CD4+/CD8?/CD25+/HLA?DR+ T-cells. 
? Leukocytosis may include atypical cell morphology, multilobulated nucleus referred to as “flower cells”. 
? Diagnostic criteria include HTLV-1 seropositivity, leukocytosis, increased serum levels of IL-2 receptor and LDH, demonstration of neoplastic T-cells with polylobulated nuclear morphology (“flower cells”), and clonally integrated HTLV-1 genomes within the chromosomes of neoplastic lymphocytes. 
? Spasticity lower extremities, hypereflexia, muscle weakness, and sphincter disorders, including dysfunction of the urinary bladder and intestines; clinically may overlap with multiple sclerosis. 
? Progressive chronic myelopathy, with preferential damage of the thoracic spinal cord. 
? Early lesion development characterized by infiltrates composed predominantly of CD4+ T-cells, and macrophages with detectable levels of HTLV-1 tax RNA in lesions. 
? Characterized by multiple white matter lesions in both the spinal cord and the brain involving perivascular demyelination and axonal degeneration; rarely, cerebellar syndrome with ataxia and intention tremor. 
? Late lesions (>4 years) predominantly CD8+ T-cells with less tax RNA. 
? Cerebrospinal fluid contain high levels of proinflammatory cytokines, including IFN-?, TNF-?, IL-1, and IL-6, as well as increased numbers of activated lymphocytes. 
? Chronic eczema with refractory Staphylococcus aureu s or beta-hemolytic streptococcus infections. 
? Described in Jamaican children as “infectious dermatitis”. 
? Patients frequently develop HAM/TSP later in life and may have episodes of severe anemia. 
? HTLV-1 infection associated in endemic regions with uveitis, keratoconjunctivitis sicca, and interstitial keratitis. 
? Chronic course in children may result in retinal degeneration. 
? Chronic polymyositis associated with HTLV-1 may be presented with neuropathy, joint swelling, chest pain, and dyspnea. 
? Japanese patients in regions endemic for HTLV-1 infection may present with chronic inflammatory arthropathy or polymyositis. 
? Similar lesions have been reproduced in transgenic mouse and rat models. 
Human Polycomb protein Function Stem cell/cancer phenotype. 
Pazopanib targets ? Cell Lines B-Raf Status Ras Status Pazopanib IC50 (µM) † V1 § V3 P? P? c-kit. 
*Genotypes for MDA-MB-231 and MCF7 [47] ; genotypes for WM3899 and WM3918 personal communication by Dr. Meenhard Herlyn; genotypes for SKMEL2 and SKMEL28 [48] . 
IC50 measured using a trypan blue exclusion cell viability assay 96 h after pazopanib treatment. 
Determined by western blot analysis. (+) when a clear band appeared in less than one minute of exposure; (?) when no signal at all appeared after more than 30 min of exposure; (+/?) when a faint band was observed, after 20 min of exposure. 
P?, PDGFR?; P?, PDGFR?; V1, VEGFR1; V3, VEGFR3; WT, Wild Type. 
Rab Localization Rab function Pathological condition. 
Rab GTPase functions, networks and disease associations a , b. 
CMT2B, Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 2B; TGN, trans-Golgi network. 
Source: Agola JO, Thesis. 
Rab GTPases are clustered according to their functions in: (i) endocytosis and recycling; (ii) degradation, autophagy, phagocytosis and pinocytosis. 
Significant alteration of miRNA in CRC. Unpaired t-tests p-values < 0.05 reported in gold, Average tumor levels - Average Normal levels at each stage in red (increasing) and green (decreasing) and their respective targets in the IGF-1R signaling pathway. 
Parameter Description Literature values Values in the model Nondimen. values in simulations. 
according to the measured ratio of the B cell nucleus volume V N to the B cell cytosol volume V C : [42] . 
pseudo first order reaction; this coefficient determines the relative time scale. 
estimated in [40] (online supplementary material) based on [64] , [65] , [66] . 
The SFK and BCR phosphorylation takes place at the membrane. The experimental data are scarce and provide only the coefficients of phosphorylation referred to the molar concentrations of kinase, which is not adequate for description of the processes on the membrane. 
the value of c 0 reflects the assumption that the activity of the unphosphorylated kinase is 100 times smaller than the unphosphorylated kinase; in [40] the ratio of unphosphorylated to phosphorylated kinase activity is assumed to be equal to 0.05. 
the receptor surface density estimated basing on the number of receptors 2.5×105 given in [63] and the surface of cell membrane S of radius 500 is approximately 500/ . 
Faeder et al. estimated the number of available Lyn kinase molecules as 2.8×104 [67] The remaining Lyn is in its inactive, closed conformation in which kinase domain is inaccessible due to the intramolecular binding. Assuming that Fyn and Blk are present in a similar quantities as Lyn, the total amount of available SFK would be of order 105. We are not giving here the molar density of SFK. As discussed SFK occupy only a small fraction of cell volume, thus the molar concentration referred to whole cell volume is a misleading quantity. 
Feature D. purpureum D. discoideum a. 
Comparison between the predicted protein coding genes of D. purpureu m and D. discoideu m. 
aFrom [ 1 ]. 
Pfam domain a Function in bacteria b D. discoideum dictyBase ID c Function in D. discoideum c D. purpureum protein ID d D. purpureum dictyBase ID. 
Candidate horizontal gene transfers from Bacteria. 
aThe Pfam domain designation [ 99 ]. bConfirmed or proposed function of the prokaryotic ortholog is given. cThe D. discoideum gene ID number and functional annotation are from dictyBase [ 14 ]. d D. purpureum ortholog protein ID numbers [ 13 ]. All orthologs are 90 to 100% similar in amino acid sequence to the D. discoideum protein over >90% of their length. eA related sequence is present, but no protein model could be produced from the current assembly. 
Kinase name Kinase type Splicing Regulation type. 
Regulatory mechanisms of oncogenic kinases activity by alternative splicing. 
KEGG pathways Upregulated genes Downregulated genes. 
Symbol Protein Description Pathway/Process. 
Gene Symbol Protein Description Pathway. 
Native Derivative (Hg2+) Complex w/Ca2+/dGTP/dATP. 
Data and refinement statistics for the EF1143 protein from E. faecalis. 
a R merge = ? h ? i |I h,I ? ? I h ?|/? h ? i Ih,i, where I h,i is the i th observation of the reflection h , whereas ? I h ? is the mean intensity of reflections h . 
b R work = ?|| F o | ? |F c ||/|F o |. 
c R free was calculated with a small fraction (5%) of randomly selected reflections. 
Metal Activator Substrate dGTP dATP dCTP dTTP. 
Essential aspects of the dNTPase activity of EF1143 from E. faecalis. 
Efficiency of the hydrolytic activity roughly designated as follows: (+++) - about 90%; (++) - about 60–80%; (+) - less then 20% of the substrate was consumed in 30 min under the conditions tested (see “Experimental Procedures” and supplemental Fig. S3–S9 ). 
a ?, activity was not detected. 
b n/a, activity was not tested. 
c +/?, measurement result is not conclusive. 
Primer positions Primer sequence p53 sites screened. 
Pathway Target Therapy. 
Genetic mutations and corresponding current and future targeted therapies. 
Mutant Domain Experimental localization *. 
*Subcellular localization have been established by confocal microscopy and/or Endo H analysis. 
Colonic Fibroblast_FAP fold change, control = 1 Colonic Crypt_FAP fold change, control = 1 ID 2D gel pH range Swiss-Prot ID # Protein Name Theoretical pI Theoretical MW. 
FAP-dependent protein differences found in both crypt epithelial cells & colonic fibroblasts. 
FAP fold change from Progenesis, control=1 pH range specific Unique No. 2D gel pH range Swiss-Prot Accession No. Protein Name Theoretical pI Theoretical MW MASCOT Score Amino Acid Coverage (%). 
Differential expression between FAP and normal fibroblast primary cultures. Cytoskeleton proteins organized according to functional categories. 
FAP fold change from Progenesis, control=1 pH range specific Unique No. 2D gel pH range Swiss-Prot Accession No. Protein Name Theoretical pI Theoretical MW MASCOT Score Amino Acid Coverage (%). 
Differential expression between FAP and normal fibroblast primary cultures in response to oxidative stress. Both DJ-1 and Peroxiredoxin-6 were up-regulated in both FAP crypt and fibroblast. 
Component or process Effect of ROS. 
Redox-sensitive cellular targets in eukaryotic cells. Components that alter their activity and/or nucleocytoplasmic distribution when ROS concentrations increase are listed. See text for details. 
Products Trial. 
Ongoing trials with targeted agents. 
*Inhibitor of Wee 1 kinase activity promotes apoptosis when p53 is null. 
**Targets defect in interferon pathway (pathway disabled by HPV E6 and E7). 
***Folate receptor expressed in 1/3 of (most aggressive) cervical cancers. 
Pathway activation Reagents Diagnostic or predictive biomarkers under scrutiny. 
Potential biomarkers according to pathway. 
*PIK3 amplification or mutational activation or PTEN loss. Activation of the PIK3/AKT/mTOR pathway was associated with a worse prognosis and chemoresistance in cervical cancers [ 78 ]. 
“?” means not validated. 
**Ras/raf pathway alterations in colon cancer render these tumours resistant to an EGFR inhibitor. Ras inhibitors such as Tipifanib or lonafanib did not show relevant clinical activity in phase II and III studies in various tumour types [ 79 ] and may be worth assessing again in single and dual targeting in selected preclinical models. ***E6 mediated inactivation of p53 upregulates VEGF and angiogenesis. ****Retinoic acid and topotecan may be useful in tumours with checkpoint activation [ 80 ]. *****There is evidence that human papillomavirus infection enhances phosphorylation of retinoblastoma protein and decreases apoptosis in a particularly aggressive type of squamous cell carcinoma of the uterine cervix [ 20 – 23 ]. ******Wnt/ ? Catenin inhibition: by antibodies [ 81 – 83 ], AINS, [ 84 – 86 ], VitD3 [ 87 ], or small molecules [ 88 – 90 ] or oncolytic viruses [ 91 ]. Also antisense, molecule to end product c-myce [ 92 ]. 
Study Dose (mg/kg/day) Duration (days) No. of courses No. of cases Unresponsiveness (%). 
Changing therapeutic response to pentavalent antimonials (Adapted from T. K. Jha, 2006 [ 219 ]). 
Proteina Accession no.b Methylatedc. 
Stress granule RNA-Binding proteins containing methylatable domains. 
aHuman orthologs. 
bExperimentally verified in vitro or in vivo . 
cProteins can be accessed through the NCBI website by use of their GenBank accession numbers ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ ). 
dIsoform b. 
eNuclear stress granules, Isoform a. 
fIsoform a. 
Protein Function Reference. 
Splicing-related proteins found in stress granules. 
General Stress granules Neuronal granules. 
Stress granules and neuronal granules share common characteristics and common members. 
Bracketed numbers are relevant references. 
altered in Cisplatin resistant. 
Comparison of Cisplatin resistance in vitro models of A2780 ovarian cancer cells and MCF-7 breast-cancer cells. 
An overview of the long-term functional and biochemical changes after establishment of Cisplatin resistance is given. Cisplatin resistant breast cancer cells and ovarian cancer cells were compared to their non-resistant parental cells. Denoted are the changes observed in the Cisplatin resistant situation [ 64 , 72 ]. 
Cases Controls     n (%) n (%) OR * 95% CI P. 
* compared to TT homozygotes . 
Nucleotide change Amino acid change Genotype Clinical prostate tumors n (out of 53, %) Xenografts n (out of 19, %). 
Familial cases Unselected cases. 
Overall Survival Event-Free Survival Risk factor HR (95% CI) P-value HR (95% CI) P-value. 
Multivariate analysis in 454 de novo AML patients under the age of 60. 
WBC higher than 20×109/L versus lower than 20×109/L,. 
compared to intermediate cytogenetic risk,. 
compared to no NPM1 + FLT3ITD ?,. 
compared to no CEBPA double mutation. 
*Statistically significant. HR?=?hazard ratio, CI?=?confidence interval, WBC?=?white blood cell count, FLT3ITD ?=?internal tandem duplication of FLT3 . 
PMN hypoxic PMN normoxic PMN  age n viable apoptotic viable apoptotic viable apoptotic. 
Populations are expressed as percentages of their parent viable or apoptotic populations. The population of hypoxic apoptotic PMN was larger (a P ?=?0.0024) in 12–17 wk Jbo/+ than in 5–8 wk Jbo/+ mice and conversely, the normoxic apoptotic PMN population was larger (b P ?=?0.00027) in 5–8 wk Jbo/+ than 12–17 wk Jbo/+ mice. Propidium iodide staining showed that 7±2% of the Jbo/+ and 8±2% of the Jf/+ PMN populations were necrotic. Mean polymorphonuclear cell (PMN) percentages ± SEM. Statistics were performed using 2-tailed Student t-tests. 
(A) Gene ontology (Biological process) Selected down-regulated genes Selected up-regulated genes. 
Gene ontology analysis of selected significantly regulated genes. 
Genes were categorized according to their involvement in biological process (A), molecular function (B) and as cell component (C). 
Basal 30 min 60 min 90 min 120 min. 
Changes in MAP and FBF in protocol 1 experiments. 
Data are means ± SEM. n = 5–7. 
*Compared with basal (0 min), P < 0.01. 
Gene Name/ID Forward 5?-3? Reverse 3?-5?. 
LGALS3 amplicon size?=?161, location 5?-3??=?13-33, 3?-5??=?173-155. BECN1 amplicon size?=?188, location 5?-3??=?104-123, 3?-5??=?291-271. ACTB amplicon size?=?250, location 5?-3??=?393-413, 3?-5??=?642-622. 
Normal Tissue Type Mean Cancer Tissue Type Mean. 
Tissue Type Minimum Median Maximum. 
Normal Tissue Type Mean Cancer Tissues Mean. 
Tissue Type Minimum Median Maximum. 
Animal Strain Age (week-old) Serum TG (mg/dL) Treatment Tumor Reference. 
Summary of animal models with dyslipidemia and cancer high susceptibility. 
Agent Dose Animal model Value to the untreated control group Reference. 
Summary of tumor suppressive effects of LPL inducers in animal models. 
PI3K inhibitors p110 isoform VEGFR2/3 inhibitors Effect Ref. 
Main effects of the PI3K and VEGFR inhibitors on immune cells. 
HB-19 and related Nucant pseudopeptides. 
HB-19 and related Nucant pseudopeptides present pentavalently or hexavalently the pseudo-tripeptide Lys?(CH2N)-Pro-Arg; ?(CH2N) stands for a reduced peptide [ 9 , 16 , 43 , 44 ]. N6L has a similar template as N6 but the Lys?-Pro units of the pseudo-tripeptide Lys?(CH2N)-Pro-Arg moieties are all in L configuration, while in N6 the Lys?-Pro units are a mixture in L and D configuration [ 44 , 49 ]. The nucleolin blocking affinity of constructs that present hexavalently the pseudo-tripeptide Lys?(CH2N)-Pro-Arg (N6, N6L and N7) is 2-3 fold higher compared to the constructs that present pentavalently the same pseudo-tripeptide (HB-19 and N3). 
Protein Band (MW) Obtained Sequence 1 /Medline Sequence 2. 
Identification of nucleolin associated proteins in the 500-kDa complex. 
By the capacity of the HB-19/Btn to bind surface nucleolin, the 500-kDa complex was recovered from the cell surface and purified using avidin-agarose. After analysis by SDS-PAGE, several protein bands of 90-, 85-, 80-, 72-, 68-, 32, and 25-kDa were processed for NH2-terminal microsequencing (Methods; Additioal file 2, Figure 2S). These protein bands were identified as Wnt related proteins, Ku80, SRP68, SRP72, p32/p33/HABP1/gC1q-R, and ribosomal proteins S4 and S6. 
1 The obtained NH2-terminal sequence. 
2 The NH2-terminal sequence in the Medline. 
3 The obtained MHRPFXX sequence shares homology to the N-terminal sequence of human Wnt-7b (MHRNFR) [ 87 ]. 
4 The obtained MRPMTQIIVQD sequence is homologous in its first 5 amino acid residues with the N-terminal sequence (MRPMTFIVGLK) of Wnt-1 of the Mexican axolotls Ambystoma mexicanum [ 88 ]. Consequently, the isolated protein appears to correspond to a human Wnt-related protein that remains to be described. 
5 The 80-kDa subunit of the Ku autoantigen [ 89 ]. 
6 The 68- and 72-kDa subunit of the signal recognition particle [ 60 ]. 
7 Referred in the literature as the protein p32 associated with the splicing factor SF2, the hyaluronan binding protein 1 (HABP1) and the receptor for complement component C1q (gC1q-R)[ 90 ]. 
8 Ribosomal proteins S4 and S6 [ 91 ]. 
Wnt related protein A and B . Protein A shares homology with human Wnt-7b [ 87 ], while protein B shares homology with Wnt-1 of the Mexican axolotl Ambystoma mexicanum [ 88 ]. The Wnt proteins are a family of secretory glycoproteins mostly associated with cell membranes and the extracellular matrix. They are implicated in proliferation and differentiation of both normal and malignant cells. Many members of the WNT gene family, including WNT-7, are up-regulated in bladder and breast carcinoma and as well as in chronic lymphocytic leukemia, suggesting involvement of Wnt signaling pathways in tumorigenesis [ 92 - 94 ]. 
Characteristics of proteins associated with the cell surface expressed nucleolin. 
Cell line Tumor cell origin % Growth inhibition % Cell death   After 3 days (N6/N7 - N6L) After 24 hours (N6/N7 - N6L). 
Inhibitory activity of hexavalent Nucant pseudopeptides N6, N7, and N6L in tumor cell lines of different origins. 
Epithelial (MDA-MB 231, MDA-MB 435, LNCaP, HeLa, SW480, SW620, TIII) and leukemia (HuT 78, Jurkat, RAJI, HL60, and T29) cell lines were cultured in the absence or presence of N6 or N7 (20 ?M) or N6L (10 ?M) to test their inhibitory activity on cell growth (by measuring viable cell number after 3 days of culture) and cell death (by monitoring the trypan blue uptake after 24 hours of treatment of subconfluent epithelial and freshly passaged leukemia cells). The number of viable cells in untreated control samples was used to calculate the % inhibition of cell growth and % cell death. Hu and Mu stand for human and murine origin, respectively. The mean percentage values of at least 2 independent experiments are presented. 
Nucant % Inhibition of cell    Adhesion Proliferation. 
Inhibitory activity of N3, N6, and N6L on melanoma TIII cell adhesion and proliferation. 
Epithelial melanoma TIII cells were cultured in the absence or presence of different concentrations of N3, N6, and N6L to monitor inhibition of cell adhesion (after 5 hours of cell seeding) and cell proliferation (after 3 days of culture). The number of viable cells in untreated control samples was used to calculate % inhibition of cell adhesion and proliferation. The mean percentage values of at least 2 independent experiments are presented. 
Cells Nucant Number of cells % inhibition. 
Nucant pseudopeptides inhibit proliferation of human colon carcinoma cells. 
Cells seeded in 6-well plates at 20,000 cells/ml in 2 ml culture medium were cultured in the absence (Control) or presence of N7 and N6L. Seven days after seeding, cells were trypsinized and counted. Nucant pseudopeptides were added only once 5 hours after seeding of cells. Consistently, N6L manifests at least 2-fold higher inhibitory activity compared to N7. 
Pseudopeptide (Multivalent) Cell death: IC50 24 hours post-passage Cell number: IC50 72 hours post-passage. 
IC50 values for the induction of cell death and reduction of cell number in T29 cells treated with HB-19 and related multivalent pseudopeptides. 
T29 cells were passaged in the presence of HB-19, N3, N6, N7, and N6L at various concentrations 0, 2.5, 5, 10 and 20 ?M for 3 days. Twenty-four hours after the treatments, cell death was monitored by the uptake of trypan blue. The number of viable cells at 3 days post-treatment was used to estimate the IC50 values for the reduction of cell number. The pseudopeptides represent pentavalently or hexavalently the pseudo-tripeptide Lys?(CH2N)-Pro-Arg (Figure 1). 
The capacity of HB-19 and related multivalent Nucant pseudopeptides to bind ANP32A1, SET1, and nucleophosmin2 expressed on the cell surface of cells in addition to nucleolin. 
1 At concentrations ? 10 ?M, HB-19 binds ANP32A (PHAP I) and SET (PHAP II) in addition to nucleolin expressed on the surface of cells [ 8 ]. 
2 Nucant binds nucleophosmin at concentrations: ? 8 ?M of N7 (in Figure 9), and at a concentration of N6L that was not stated in the article by Destouches et al [ 49 ]. 
Gene symbol Name Fold change. 
Differentially requlated genes in MCF-7/DOX cells. 
Current clinical trials involving HSP90 inhibitor in breast cancer. 
IV=intravenous; MBC=metastatic breast cancer; BC=breast cancer; HR=hormone receptor. 
Immunohistochemical expression of HSP70/90 between the benign and malignant lesion of breast. 
Values represent number of case (%). 
Drug in clinical use Commercial name Drug target Cancer type. 
Examples of targeted therapies for cancer. 
Abbreviations: BCR-ABL, fusion protein of breakpoint cluster region and tyrosin kinase ABL 1; CD20, B-cell phosphoprotein CD20; c-KIT, tyrosine kinase cKIT; COX-2, cyclooxygenase 2; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ER?, estrogen receptor ?; ERBB2, erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene homolog 2; HER _epidermal growth factor receptor 2; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; RAF, small GTPase RAF; VEGF, VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor, receptor. 
Compound a ID50 (?M) on U373 cells ID50 (?M) on C6 cells b. 
Inhibitory activity (ID50, mM) of O-acetylated (Compounds 2–5) and O-butyrylated (compounds 6–9) compounds on U373MG human astrocytoma and C6 rat glioma cell lines. 
Notes:. 
All O-acetylated and O-butyrylated compounds were generated from ganglioside GD1b (compound 1);. 
EGF was used as the mitogen for human U373MG or rat C6 cells. Data are expressed as mean ± SD of ID50 of four independent experiments performed in quadriplicate;. 
Temozolomide (TMZ) is the best glioma inhibitor clinically available. 
Growth factor Ganglioside References. 
Effects of gangliosides on growth factor receptors. 
Notes: Effects of gangliosides on growth factor activity. Gangliosides have been associated with a number of biological processes, such as growth, differentiation, and toxin uptake. Regulation of these processes by gangliosides are based on indirect observations and lack a clear definition of their mechanisms within the cell. 
Pocket FTMAP AutoLigand BlindDock Location Mean volume. 
Location specifies surrounding 2° structure elements. Mean pocket volume and standard deviation across the ensemble is calculated with the Povme program [63] (see methods ). 
Compund ID Ligand dataset Potential Pocket nOHNH nON LogP MW. 
nOHNH, number of hydrogen bond donors; nON, number of hydrogen bond acceptors; MW, molecular weight. 
Types of pancreatic cystic neoplasms. 
Genetic biomarkers References. 
Potential biomarkers identified to date in pancreatic cyst fluid. 
Binding factor Matrix HCT-116 * Common * LNCaP * Function/Response. 
List of motifs in TRANSFAC database enriched in ATF3 targets. Those targets which are unique to HCT116 cells, unique to LNCaP cells, or common between them are indicated with the number promoters with at least one hit of a given motif subtracted by the number of promoters with the same motif in a background gene set. 
*Difference in the number of promoters with the motif between the test and background gene sets. 
Genes down-regulated by ATF3 knockdown BioCarta pathway p-value 0 hr 6 hr 12 hr 24 hr. 
Gene sets either down-regulated below 0.8-fold (A) or up-regulated above 1.2-fold (B) by ATF3 knockdown in MMS-treated HCT116 cells were subjected to KEGG pathway mapping using DAVID [35] . Those pathways with p -value <0.1 are listed with the number of genes affected at different time points after MMS stimulation. 
Genes down-regulated by ATF3 knockdown KEGG pathway p-value Count. 
Gene sets either down-regulated below 0.8-fold (A) or up-regulated above 1.2-fold (B) by ATF3 knockdown in LNCaP cells were subjected to KEGG pathway mapping using DAVID [35] . Those pathways with p -value <0.1 are listed with the number of genes affected. 
Variables Patients (n?=?1056) Controls (n?=?1056) P a  N % N % . 
P values for a two-sided ?2 test. 
Genotypes Patients Controls a P b CrudeOR (95% CI) AdjustedOR (95% CI) c  n (%) n (%)   . 
The observed genotype frequencies among the control subjects were in agreement with the Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium ( p 2+2 pq + q 2?=?1) ( ? 2 ?=?2.51, P?=?0.113 for 97906C>A; ? 2 ?=?0.56, P?=?0.454 for ?1420T>G). 
Adjusted in a logistic regression model that included age, sex, smoking status, alcohol use, BMI, family history of cancer. 
A two-sided ?2 tests for differences in distribution of genotype frequencies between cases and controls. 
Patients ( n ?=?1056) Controls ( n ?=?1056) Crude OR(95% CI) Adjusted OR(95% CI) a   CC n (%) CA+AA n (%) CC n (%) CA+AA n (%) CA+AA vs CC CA+AA vs CC P interaction b. 
ORs were adjusted for age, sex, smoking status, and alcohol use, BMI, family history of cancer in a logistic regression models. 
P value of a test the multiplicative interaction between 97906C>A and selected variables on cancer risk were calculated using standard unconditional logistic regression models. 
P value of the test for homogeneity between stratum-related ORs for DAB2IP (97906CA+AA versus CC genotypes). 
v-Src Data STAT3-C Data  Accession Affy Probeset Gene Name Gene Description Score(d) Fold Change Score(d) Fold Change Av. Score. 
The top genes ranked by Average Score identified by SAM as being upregulated in common by v-Src and STAT3-C. 
v-Src Data STAT3-C Data  Accession Affy Probeset Gene Name Gene Description Score(d) Fold Change Score(d) Fold Change Av. Score. 
The top genes ranked by Average Score identified by SAM as being downregulated in common by v-Src and STAT3-C. 
Cell process Count % p-Value. 
Over-represented pathways identified using the MetaCore Analysis Suite (GeneGO Inc.). 
GO Category Level GO Term GO Category Count p Value. 
The top 10 functionally enriched categories identified by DAVID ranked by p-Value. 
Gene Symbol Fold increase p-value Gene Symbol Fold decrease p-value. 
Genes exhibited the highest modulation upon V3 treatment in a CD4+ T cell enriched population. 
Cluster Enrichment score No of genes Annotated genes Gene ontology. 
Ontological clustering of genes exhibiting altered expression according to DAVID. 
Group enrichment score ranks the biological significance of gene groups based on overall EASE scores of all enriched annotation terms. 
ASSAY G2 A100 G2 A50 G2 D100 G2 D50 G2 G100 G2 G50 G2 T100 G5 A100 G5 A50 G5 D100 G5 D50 G5 G100 G5 G50 G5 T100 U3 A100 U3 A50 U3 D100 U3 D50 U3 G100 U3 G50 U3 T100. 
Results of 19 selected miRNA expression in glioma cells (G2, GBM2; G5, GBM5; U3, U373) in response to different PUFA (A100, A50, arachidonic acid at 100 and 50 ?M concentrations, respectively; D100, D50, DHA at 100 and 50 ?M concentrations, respectively; G100, G50, GLA at 100 and 50 ?M concentrations, respectively) or temozolomide (T100, 100 ?M temozolomide) treatment. 
Correlation of relative miRNA expression obtained from HTS QRT-PCR or traditional QRT-PCR. 
A: ALA; D: DHA; G: GLA; T: temozolomide. 
MIRNA GENE Process MIRNA GENE Process MIRNA GENE Process. 
Genes having roles in apoptosis as targets of the differentially expressed miRNAs in response to PUFA treatment. 
A. Complete and draft genomes of L. pneumophila obtained by classical or new generation sequencing. 
General features of the sequenced Legionella genomes . 
aUpdated annotation; CDS, coding sequence; bdata from plasmids in parenthesis; cThe 130b sequence is not a manually corrected and finished assembly, thus the high number of specific genes might be due to not corrected sequencing errors; ND, not determined; *N50 contig size, calculated by ordering all contig sizes and adding the lengths (starting from the longest contig) until the summed length exceeds 50% of the total length of all contigs (half of all bases reside in a contiguous sequence of the given size or more); SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism; **for SNP detection; – not determined . 
L. pneumophila L. longbeachae Name Product Phila Paris Lens Corby Alcoy 130b* NSW D-4968 . 
Distribution of type II secretion-dependent proteins of L. pneumophila in L. longbeachae . 
Substrates in this list are according to Cianciotto ( 2009 ); *strain 130b is not a finished sequence and not manually curated. Thus absence of a substrate can also be due to gaps in the sequence; – means not present; NSW means L. longbeachae NSW150 . 
L. pneumophila L. longbeachae Name Product Phila Paris Lens Corby Alcoy 130b NSW 150 D-4968 AT 98072 C-4E7 . 
Distribution of 275 Dot/Icm substrates identified in strain L. pneumophila Philadelphia in the 5 sequenced L. pneumophila and 5 sequenced L. longbeachae strains . 
List of substrates is based on Isberg et al. ( 2009 ), De Felipe et al. ( 2008 ), Ninio et al. ( 2009 ), Zhu et al. ( 2011 ); AT?=?ATCC33462; *pseudogene, +? or ?? strains 130b, C-4E7 and 98072 are not a finished sequence and not manually curated. Thus absence of a substrate can also be due to gaps in the sequence; shaded in gray, substrates conserved in all L. pneumophila and L. longbeachae genomes . 
N (%). 
Characteristics of metastatic NSCLC patients. 
Univariate Analysis. 
Univariate and multivariate analyses of PFS. 
Univariate Analysis. 
Univariate and multivariate analyses of overall survival. 
Sample Sex Age atDiagnosis(years) Tumor Location Specimen TreatmentPrior to Surgery Age at Surgery (years) WHO Grade * SpecimenTime toRelapse(years) Patient Status Follow-up(years) *. 
Abbreviations: IT, Infratentorial; ST, Supratentorial; C, Chemotherapy treatment; RT, Radiotherapy treatment; NR, No Relapse to date; AWD, Alive With Disease; NED, No Evidence of Disease; DOD, Dead as a result Of the Disease;. 
*Based on standard WHO (World Health Organization) classification for ependymomas. 
Note : The letters represent different samples from the same patient. 
miRNA E. vs C. I. vs IC. S. vs SC. I. vs S. 
Abbreviations: E, Ependymomas; C, All Normal Controls; I, Infratentorial Tumors; IC, Infratentorial Normal Controls; S, Supratentorial Tumors; SC, Supratentorial Normal Controls. 
miRs that were confirmed by individual assays. 
Note: The cut off used in these analyses was 10 fold up and/or down with a p?0.01 according to individual confirmation assays. 
miRNA Hazard Ratio(95% CI) Wald-Chisquarestatistics p-value. 
Variable Hazard Ratio 95% Confidence Interval of Hazard ratio p-value. 
Parameter Sham AB  WT(n?=?6) KO(n?=?6) WT(n?=?6) KO(n?=?6). 
HR, heart rate; ESP, end-systolic pressure; EDP, end-diastolic pressure; ESV, end-systolic volume; EDV, end-diastolic volume; Ea, arterial elastance; EF, ejection fraction; CO, cardiac output; dp/dtmax, maximal rate of pressure development; dp/dtmin, maximal rate of pressure decay; Tau_w, time constant of isovolumic pressure decay. 
* P <0.05 vs WT/sham. 
P <0.05 vs WT/AB after AB. 
Cancer site n CA (%) CIN Association Ref Samples Intratumoural. 
Centrosome amplification in human solid tumours. 
n, sample size; CA, centrosome amplification; CIN, chromosomal instability/aneuploidy; AC, adenocarcinoma; IDC, invasive ductal carcinoma; DCIS, ductal carcinoma in-situ; CIN*, cervical intraepithelial neoplasia; LSIL, low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion; HSIL, high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion; PIN, prostate intraepithelial neoplasia; TCC, transitional cell carcinoma; PNET; primitive neuroectodermal tumour; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; GC, gallbladder cancer; CCC, cholangiocellular carcinoma; BDC, bile duct cancer; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; PA, pleomorphic adenoma; BSTT, bone and soft tissue tumours; MFH, malignant fibrous histiocytoma; MPNST, malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumour; NOS, not otherwise specified; ?, no association. 
†Includes melorheostosis, lipoma, myxoma, granular cell tumour, non-ossifying fibroma, schwannoma, pigmented villonodular synovitis. 
‡Includes leiomyoma, neurilemoma, lipoma, and fibrous histiocytoma. 
Cancer type n CA (%) CIN Association Ref Samples Intratumoural. 
Centrosome amplification in human haematological cancers and pre-neoplasia. 
n, sample size; CA, centrosome amplification; CIN, chromosomal instability/aneuploidy; cHL, classic Hodgkin's lymphoma; NHL, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; MCL, mantle cell lymphoma; FL, follicular lymphoma; MZBCL, marginal zone B-cell lymphoma; BL, Burkitt's lymphoma; B-CLL, B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukaemia; MBL, monoclonal B-cell lymphocytosis; ALCL, ALK-positive anaplastic large cell lymphoma; ATL, adult T-cell leukaemia; AML, acute myeloid leukaemia; CML, chronic myeloid leukaemia; CP, chronic phase; BC, blast crisis; SM, systemic mastocytosis; AA, aplastic anemia; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; PNH, paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria; MM, multiple myeloma; SMM, smouldering multiple myeloma; MGUS, monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance; ?, no association; Y, positive association; N, no association. 
Cancer type Patient cohort Correlation Ref. 
Clinical correlates of centrosome aberration in human tumours. 
n, sample size; AC, adenocarcinoma; IDC, invasive ductal carcinoma; PIN, prostate intraepithelial neoplasia; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; GC, gallbladder cancer; CCC, cholangiocellular carcinoma; BDC, bile duct cancer; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; TCC, transitional cell carcinoma; CIN, cervical intraepithelial neoplasia; NHL, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; FL, follicular lymphoma; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; MCL, mantle cell lymphoma; CML, chronic myeloid leukaemia; B-CLL, B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukaemia; AML, acute myeloid leukaemia; MM, multiple myeloma; CI, centrosome index; PFS, progression-free survival; DFS, disease-free survival; OS, overall survival. 
†Includes single autologous stem cell transplantation, dexamethasone-based, melphalan and prednisolone, novel agents, thalidomide-based. 
‡Includes chemotherapy, high-dose therapy with stem cell transplantation, total therapy II, and novel agents such as bortezomib. 
TNF-R1 TRAIL-R1, TRAIL-R2 Fas. 
Components of the Death Inducing Signaling Complex for Fas, TRAIL and TNF. *Membrane Bound Complex. Main Evidences from native Immunoprecipitation Experiments or from Yeast Two-hybrid and Co-immunoprecipitation Assays. 
5-ATR-ParM 6-ATR-ParM Nucleotide F +/ F ? K d (?M) F +/ F ? K d (?M). 
Equilibrium dissociation constants ( K d) and fluorescence changes ( F +/ F ?) upon nucleotide binding were determined by fluorescence titration as shown in Figure 1 . Data were obtained at 20°C in 30 mM Tris/HCl (pH 7.5), 3 mM MgCl2, 5 ?M BSA and 25 mM KCl or 150 mM KCl where indicated. 
*Values are from [ 12 ]. 
MUCIN TYPE UTERINE EXPRESSION REFERENCE. 
Mucin Expression in the Uterus. 
Animal models Phenotypes References. 
RAGE and its ligand axis in diabetic angiopathy using RAGE gene-manipulated animal models. 
Breeding pairs  Male Female # pairs # pregnancies a. 
Pairs comprising one male and one female were set up for 16 weeks. Only cages in which an initial plug was recorded were included in the experiment. (Top) Mll5 +/- male mice are able to produce offspring at a significantly higher rate than Mll5 -/- male mice (Binomial exact test, p?=?3.2×10?7). (Bottom) Breeding rates for Mll5 +/- and similar to that of wildtypes (Multinomial exact test, p?=?0.14). 
Sperm count a Non-motile Sperm a Abnormal head morphology b  ( p ?=?0.32) ( p ?=?0.62) ( p ?=?3×10?25) Genotype Mean No. Mean Mean. 
Sperm from the both epididymides and vasa deferentia of freshly sacrificed male mice (age 4-6 months) were counted on a haemocytometer to determine the concentrations per mouse, following capacitation (for motility studies) or fixation (for sperm counts). 
Sperm head morphology was assessed by light microscopy. 
Genotype & strain of sperm incubated with WT ICR eggs a Total ICR eggs set up Fertilized (2-cells) embryos (after 1 day) Sperm Strain Number Number % of total b. 
2.5×105 sperm from each strain and genotype indicated were incubated with wild-type ICR eggs and the fertilization rate calculated by the number of fertilized (2-cell) embryos after 1 day. 
The percentage of fertilized embryos is expressed as the number of 2-cell over the total number of eggs set up in each experiment. Data shown are aggregated from three independent experiments. 
Integrin Internalization Recycling Associated proteins Comments Associated proteins comments. 
Mechanisms of the internalization and recycling of integrins ? 5 ? 1, ? 6 ? 4, ? v ? 3, and ? v ? 6. 
Variables Healthy subjects Asthmatics p value. 
Clinical characteristics of healthy subjects and asthmatics. 
The baseline clinical characteristics of all subjects showed a statistically significant difference in FVC % predicted between the two groups, using a Student's t-test. No differences were seen in the other variables. A p value of < 0.05 was considered statistically significant (shown in bold). 
Abbreviations: FEV1 = forced expiratory volume in 1 sec; FVC = forced vital capacity; PD20 = provocative dose of methacholine producing a 20% decrease in FEV1; F ENO = fractional exhaled nitric oxide; SPT = skin prick test; na = not applicable; § = data presented as mean (range); # = data presented as mean ± standard error of the mean; ? = n = 10 (1 patient was negative, 1 patient was not tested) ¤ = 2 patients were negative, 2 patients were not tested, but had no clinical history of allergy . 
Placebo  Budesonide p value. 
Clinical baseline and treatment effects of asthmatics receiving placebo or budesonide. 
The demographics of the asthmatics receiving placebo treatment ( n = 4) and budesonide treatment ( n = 3) showed no significant differences in age, disease duration or body mass index, as determined by a Student's t-test. The clinical measurements, pre and post treatment, were compared using a paired t-test and showed no changes as a result of placebo treatment. Budesonide treatment resulted in a statistically increased FEV1% predicted. No significant differences were seen for the other variables measured. A p value of < 0.05 was considered statistically significant (shown in bold). 
Abbreviations: FEV 1 = forced expiratory volume in 1 sec; FVC = forced vital capacity; PD20 = provocative dose of methacholine producing a 20% decrease in FEV 1; F ENO = fractional exhaled nitric oxide; SPT = skin prick test; § = data presented as mean (range); ¤ = 1 patient was SPT negative; ¤¤ = SPT was not performed on 1 patient, but they had no clinical history of allergy; # = data presented as mean ± standard error of the mean; na = not applicable;* = PD20 measurements were only available for three patients; † = PD20 measurement was only available for one patient; ? = delta change . 
Swiss Prot Acc. No . Symbol Entrez Gene Name Fold Change Location Protein Class. 
The significantly differentially expressed proteins in untreated asthmatics compared to healthy controls. 
© 2000-2011 Ingenuity Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All listed proteins showed a statistically significant difference (p value < 0.05) between the groups using a Student's t-test. The fold change for each protein is calculated by dividing the average ratio of the untreated asthmatics with the average ratio of the healthy controls. The negative fold change indicates down regulation of protein expression in asthmatic patients. The cell location of the protein is annotated by IPA. The protein class is determined using the PANTHER Classification System. 
Swiss Prot Acc. No . Symbol Entrez Gene Name Fold Change Location Protein Class. 
Significantly modified proteins in post treated placebo versus pre treated placebo asthmatic patients. 
© 2000-2011 Ingenuity Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All listed proteins showed a statistically significant difference (p value < 0.05) between the groups using a Student's t-test. The fold change for each protein is calculated by dividing the average ratio of the placebo post treated biopsy with the average ratio of the paired pre placebo biopsy. The negative fold change indicates down regulation of protein expression by placebo, while the positive fold change indicates up regulation by placebo. The cell location of the protein is annotated by IPA. The protein class is determined using the PANTHER Classification System. 
Swiss Prot Acc. No . Symbol Entrez Gene Name Fold Change Location Protein Class. 
Significantly modified proteins in post treated budesonide versus pre treated budesonide asthmatics. 
© 2000-2011 Ingenuity Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All listed proteins showed a statistically significant difference (p value < 0.05) between the groups using a Student's t-test. The fold change for each protein is calculated by dividing the average ratio of the budesonide post treated biopsy with the average ratio of the paired pre budesonide biopsy. The negative fold change indicates down regulation of protein expression after budesonide treatment, while the positive fold change indicates up regulation after budesonide treatment. The cell location of the protein is annotated by IPA. The protein class is determined using the PANTHER Classification System. 
Kd GDP dissociation constant K?1 × 1,000 (min?1) GDS sensitivity GDP GTP?S ?GDS +GDS. 
Kinetic Parameters of Drosophila Ral. 
To determine the Kd values of DRal mutants for the guanine nucleotides, DRal mutants (1 pmol) were incubated for various periods of time at 30°C with various concentrations of [?3H]GDP or [35S]GTP?S in 100 ?l of reaction mixture (50 mM Tris/HCl, pH 7.5, 5 mM MgCl2, 1 mM DTT, and 1 mg/ml BSA; Kikuchi et al. 1988 ). To determine the RalGDS activity for DRal mutants, the [?3H]GDP-bound form of DRal mutants (8 pmol) were incubated with or without 200 nM RalGDS for various periods of time at 30°C. K?1 was determined as described ( Shoji et al. 1989 ). Kss of the GTPase activity was determined by incubating DRal mutants with ?[32P]GTP for various periods of time at 30°C and expressed as the turnover number ( Kikuchi et al. 1988 ). Kcat of GTPase activity was determined in the presence or absence of RalGAP (7 ?g of protein) as described by Higashijima et al. 1987 . Kss for DRalS25N was assayed at 5 ?M GTP instead of 1 ?M GTP, which was employed for the assay of wild-type DRal and DRalG20V. The Kcat of DRalS25N was not determined because most of the ?[32P]GTP was dissociated during these assays. The results shown are the means of three independent experiments. 
Mutant alleles tested Effects. 
Dominant Effects of Mutations of the Genes Involved in Intracellular Signal Transduction on the Bristle Phenotype Caused by DRalS25N. 
w 1118/Y; sca-GAL4/sca-GAL4 ; UAS-DRal S25N/ MKRS , Sb males were crossed to females of the indicated mutant stocks. The resulting F1 progenies carrying the mutation indicated, and sca-GAL4 and UAS-DRal S25N were compared with the flies carrying sca-GAL4 and UAS-DRal S25N, but no mutation. Flies analyzed were reared at 29°C. 
Immunogenicity Immunoregultion and tolerance. 
Potential treatment options for SAIRDs therapy. 
TNF: tumor necrosis factor, TNFR: tumor necrosis factor receptor, IL: interleukine, R: receptor, IFN: interferon, TGF: transforming growth factor, BAFF: B-cell activating factor, CTLA: cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen, TCR: T cell receptor, JAK: Janus kinase, SyK: spleen tyrosine kinase, TNFR: Fc: soluble form of the tumor necrosis factor receptor, HSPs: heat shock proteins, and DC: dendritic cell. 
Gene copy no. Time Relative bundle area No. observed forked singed. 
Actin Bundle Size in Wild-type and Mutant Bristles. 
Gene copy no. Time Length No. observed Forked Singed. 
Wild-type and Mutant Bristle Lengths. 
Gene copy no. Membrane occupied  forked singed No. observed. 
Percentage of Plasma Membrane Connected to Actin Bundles in Wild-type and Mutant Bristles. 
Pupal age Gene copy no. Membrane occupied No. observed forked singed. 
Developmental Comparison of the Percentage of Plasma Membrane Connected to Actin Bundles. 
Cell type Treatment IL-2 IL-4 IFN-?. 
Increased Cytokine Production by Txk Transgenic CD4+ Lymphocytes. 
IL-2, IL-4, and IFN-? production were determined by ELISA from CD4+ lymphocytes from wild-type (wt), txk homozygous transgenic (tg/tg), and txk hemizygous transgenic (tg) mice. Lymphocytes were plated under control conditions or with plate-bound anti-CD3 or plate-bound anti-CD3 and anti-CD28. Supernatants were analyzed after 24 (IL-4) or 48 (IL-2, IFN-?) h. The results are representative of three experiments. ND, none detected. 
No. DP T3.70high thymocytes No. CD8 SP T3.70high thymocytes. 
Dosage Effect of Txk Transgene in H-Y TCR Transgenic Female Mice. 
Thymocytes from littermate H-Y × txk hemizygous transgenic female mice (txk tg) and H-Y × txk homozygous female mice (txk tg/tg) were stained with anti-CD4, anti-CD8, and T3.70 antibodies and analyzed by flow cytometry. Numbers of T3.70high DP and T3.70high CD8 SP thymocytes were determined. 
NHERF1 ligand PDZ-binding motif Interacting NHERF1 PDZ domain Reference. 
PHLPP1/2 contain consensus PDZ-motifs for binding NHERF1 PDZ domains. 
Bold residues indicate the NHERF1 PDZ-binding consensus motif DT/SXL. 
Tumor grade Patients * (n=20) Low (9) High (11). 
Patient clinicopathological correlates. 
values are means±SD. 
Plasmid Name Vector Yeast Marker Bacterial Marker Insert Gene Source. 
Strain Genotype Reference. 
RTCGD Database  Gene Insertion IS dist. * Expression ** BALB + C3H + Virus Type HBC #. 
*Distance in kb from start of transcription for CIS other than Wnt or Fgf genes. 
**expression in normal mammary tissue (data from BioGPS). 
number of BALB and C3H tumors with this CIS. 
data from Oncomine database. Abbreviations: HBC, human breast cancer; LBC, lobular breast carcinoma; IBC, invasive breast carcinoma; ILC, invasive lobular carcinoma; DBC ductal carcinoma. 
Tumor CIS Copy # other insertions in tumor. 
All of the identified integration sites in tumors with novel CIS (see Table I ) are listed. Additional CIS found in the tumors are underlined. 
Tumor Wnt 1 Wnt 10 Wnt 3A Wnt 3 Fgf 3 Fgf 4 Fgf 8 CIS. 
CIS: Wnt or Fgf integration identified by cloning. Expression: +, expression of oncogene; -, no expression of oncogene; ND, not done. 
Genes Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Disorder mTORC1 signaling Readout Brain regions examined Impact of rapamycin on behavior Reference. 
Summary of altered mTORC1 signaling in brain disorders and in response to psychoactive drugs . 
Source N -Nitrosamine † Concentration. 
Common Sources of N -Nitrosamines. 
Source: Thomson et al. [ 131 ];. 
Abbreviations: DMN (NDMA): N -nitrosodimethylamine; DEN (NDEA): N -nitrosodiethyl- amine; NPYR: N -nitrosopyrrolidine; DMA: N -nitrosodimethylamine. 
Kinase Sponge species Natural product (or compound type ) IC50 (?M) ? (or % inhibition ) Ref. 
Various kinase inhibitors isolated from marine sponges. 
Values reported in ?g/mL were converted to ?M;. 
% Inhibition at 100 ?M;. 
Induces activation of p38 and JNK;. 
An asterisk denotes articles containing detailed characterisation of the kinase inhibitory activity. 
Sample No Gender Age (year) Histological type TNM classification Clinical stage. 
Tissue type Number Male Female Positive rate Intensity Total staining Scorea,. 
a: Total staining of PKM2 was scored as the product of the staining intensity (on a scale of 0–3) × the percentage of cells stained (on a scale of 0–3). 
Tissue type Number Male Female Positive rate Intensity Staining Scorea,. 
a: Total staining of cofilin-1 was scored as the product of the staining intensity (on a scale of 0–3) × the percentage of cells stained (on a scale of 0–3). 
Samples Promoter methylation (%). 
Genotype Squamous cell carcinoma/papilloma (Stomach) Squamous cell papilloma (Skin) Malignant lymphoma (Hematopoietic system). 
*Tumor incidence rate. Carcinogenicity test of 15 mice from each of the following offspring type: CB6F1-albino (Ras?HOL?), CB6F1-albino-rasH2 (Ras+HOL?), C6F1-albino-HOL (Ras?HOL+), and CB6F1-albino-rasH2-HOL (Ras+HOL+) were performed by administering N -methyl- N -nitrosourea. The mice that were alive at the end of the experimental period were necropsied, and systemic visual observations were performed. 
Mouse Sex Tissues Histopathological diagnosis. 
O# Species Cell Type Nominal Training Prediction Random Source. 
Prediction# Species Cell Type Compartment Prediction Random Source. 
Agent Anti-angiogenic targets Anti-proliferative targets Clinical Development. 
Targeted agents in development for HCC. 
*Sorafenib and sunitinib are multi-tyrosine kinase inhibitors having both anti-proliferative and anti-angiogenic effects. 
Tumor Stage Intensity score 0 1 2 3. 
Distribution of PP2A-B56? intensity scores in TMA cores from individuals with primary or metastatic melanomas. 
Staining intensity scores are as follows: no staining (0), weak staining (1), moderate staining (2), strong staining (3). 
Upregulated Downregulated Total. 
Gene Symbol Description Fold Change. 
Fold change indicates the difference between untreated normal or SSc cells compared to rottlerin treated normal or SSc cells. The entire dataset discussed in this paper is deposited at Gene Expression Omnibus ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/query/acc.cgi?acc=GSE23741 ) under accession number GSE23741. 
Gene Symbol Description Fold Change. 
Fold change indicates the difference between untreated normal or SSc cells compared to rottlerin treated normal or SSc cells. The entire dataset discussed in this paper is deposited at Gene Expression Omnibus ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/query/acc.cgi?acc=GSE23741 ) under accession number GSE23741. 
Molecules in Network Score Focus Genes Top Functions. 
Molecules in Network Score Focus Genes Top Functions. 
Gene Symbol Description Fold Change. 
Fold change indicates the difference between untreated or treated normal cells compared to untreated or treated SSc cells. The entire dataset discussed in this paper is deposited at Gene Expression Omnibus ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/query/acc.cgi?acc=GSE23741 ) under accession number GSE23741. 
Gene Symbol Description Fold Change. 
Fold change indicates the difference between untreated or treated normal cells compared to untreated or treated SSc cells. The entire dataset discussed in this paper is deposited at Gene Expression Omnibus ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/query/acc.cgi?acc=GSE23741 ) under accession number GSE23741. 
Identification of Foxg1-responsive genes (up-regulated) by ordered differential display. 
Kinase Group Protein Notes Organism References. 
Catalytic-independent kinase functions according to the 7 major kinase groups. 
AGC - Containing PK A , PK G , PK C families; CAMK - Ca lcium/ ca lmodulin-dependent protein k inase; CK1 - Casein kinase 1; CMGC - Containing C DK, M APK, G SK3, C LK families; STE - Homologs of yeast Sterile 7, Sterile 11, Sterile 20 kinases; TK - T yrosine k inase (including receptor tyrosine kinases and non-receptor tyrosine kinases); TKL - T yrosine k inase- l ike. (adapted from [ 2 ]). 
N° of events High density of T-cells (versus low density) References Sample size OS CS Disease stage T-cell subset analysed 5-year CS, OS, or DFS, long-rank P value CS, OS, or DFS univariate HR (95% Cl)*, P value CS, OS, or DFS multivariate HR (95% Cl)*, P value. 
Studies correlating colorectal cancer patient survival with TIL subsets. 
*HR is based on comparing high versus low score of a given T-cell subset. †Quartile of density (Q1-4, first to fourth quartile). ‡ P for trend. Cl: confidence interval; CS: colorectal cancer-specific survival; DFS: disease-free survival; HR: hazard ratio; MSI: microsatellite instability; NS: not significant; OS: overall survival. 
Biomarker Biological effect(s) associated with biomarker upregulation Reference. 
Effects of candidates of oncogenic biomarkers in melanoma progression. 
Biomarker Biological effect(s) associated with biomarker downregulation Reference. 
Effects of candidate of tumor suppressor biomarkers in melanoma progression. 
Target Drug Class Phase(s) trial Protocol_IDs*. 
Emerging immunotherapeutic to treatment of metastatic melanoma. 
*Randomized clinical trials selected from http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ . 
Phase trial Purpose and brief comments Reference. 
Recent report vaccine approaches to advanced malignant melanoma. 
*Clinical trials selected from http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ . 
Detailed subtypes Pathway(s) Key gene/biomarker(s) Potentially relevant therapeutics. 
Principal and secundary melanoma molecular subtypes [ 73 ]. 
Target(s) Drug Phase(s) trial Protocol_IDs*. 
Selected drugs for targeted melanoma therapy. 
*Randomized clinical trials selected from http://mmdm.cancercommons.org/ml/index.php/A_Melanoma_Molecular_Disease_Model . 
Targets Drug Phase(s) trial Protocol_IDs*. 
Dual Therapeutic intervention. 
*Clinical trials selected from http://mmdm.cancercommons.org/ml/index.php/A_Melanoma_Molecular_Disease_Model . 
Author Patients (n) Tumour Response DFS OS. 
Clinical studies investigating the association between MVP and therapy response and survival. 
DFS, disease-free survival; OS, overall survival; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; HNSCC, head-and-neck squamous cell carcinoma. 
2nd line treatment Response rate (patients number: N ) Organ-specific response rate Main side effects References. 
Response rate and outcome reported in the main clinical trials for patients with refractory cGVHD. 
Group of rat treated with Cmax (µg/ml) ± S.D. T1/2 (h) ± S.D. 
Sample IC50 (ng/ml) ± S.D.  K562 Kcl22 Jurkat. 
Id Official symbol Gene Name Accession Nr Tblastx expect Effect of DEHP. 
List of genes identified by Differential Display after DEHP exposure and classified by major biological function, according to GO process. 
The DEHP effect is identified by (+) for 2.0-fold over-expression, (++) for 10-fold over-expression, (-) for 2.0-fold under-expression and (--) for 10.0-fold under-expression for at least one dose of DEHP. The 37 Differential Display fragments showing no match after comparison with the RefSeq database were not listed in the table. Id (Identification Number) represents the internal reference of the sequence used before the identification of Differential Display sequence. 
5 hrs 24 hrs. 
List of genes involved in the regulation of the cytoskeleton and affected by DEHP. 
This table summarizes the genes studied using qPCR. (*) indicates significant effects of DEHP (2.0-fold over- or under-expression) at concentration(s) specified in brackets. A trend for up- or down-regulation was found for the other genes (no concentration reported). 
Genes Accession N° Primers sequence (5'-3'). 
List of the primers used for real-time qPCR. 
Gene-set Represented biological process Max. corrected p-value Selected genes. 
List of biological processes selected from gene ontology analysis. 
Author Patients studied Cytokines studied Results. 
Inflammatory cytokines in atrial fibrillation. 
– PPAR? markedly ? in hypertensive AF group vs hypertensive non-AF group, and significantly lower in persistent AF than paroxysmal AF (0.222 ± 0.0702 vs 0.564 ± 0.0436, P < 0.01). 
– TNF-? mRNA, IL-6 mRNA, and IL-1 ? in patients with hypertensive AF compared to the non-AF group. 
– AF patients had higher sCD40L levels compared to healthy control ( P = 0.042). 
– No difference in platelet surface CD40L and pCD40L levels. 
– Optimized AF management also resulted in significant reductions in the levels of sCD40L and pCD40L. 
– IL-6 associated with AF ( P = 0.0005; adjusted OR, 1.77, P = 0.032). 
– IL-6-174CC genotype significantly associated with AF in the adjusted analysis (OR, 2.34, P = 0.04) and with higher IL-6 levels ( P = 0.002). 
– sCD40L higher in patients with LASEC (0.41 ± 0.05 vs 0.16 ± 0.04 ng/mL, P = 0.02) and embolic events (0.74 ± 0.05 vs 0.19 ± 0.03 ng/mL, P = 0.001) than in those without. sCD40L levels significantly related to the LASEC grade (R = 0.377, P = 0.02). 
– Median (interquartile range) sCD40L in AF was 0.82 (0–4.8) ng/mL compared to 0.21 (0–5.5 ng/mL) in controls ( P = 0.0397). 
– vWf and sP-selectin (P < 0.005), not sE-selectin, were raised in AF patients. 
– Cox proportional hazards model, patients with sCD40L above the median were 4.63 times more likely to experience a vascular event (95% CI; 1.92–11.20). 
– IL-6 and CRP significantly ? in SR maintained patients vs patients who had recurrence of AF (IL-6: 1.19 ± 0.51 versus 1.84 ± 0.66 ng/L, P < 0.005; CRP: 0.59 ± 0.40 vs 1.24 ± 0.79 mg/L, P < 0.005). 
– Marked increases in hs-CRP, IL-6, TNF-?, and neutrophil counts (all P < 0.0001) no evidence of new-onset AF in the subjects challenged. 
– AF Patients ? of POD1 IL-6 ( P < 0.001), preoperative hs-CRP ( P < 0.005), and postoperative first day hs-CRP ( P < 0.001). 
– Preoperative hs-CRP levels ( P < 0.002) and postoperative first day IL-6 ( P < 0.001) and hs-CRP ( P < 0.001) levels associated with prolonged endotracheal intubation time. 
– Serum hs-CRP level was higher in overall AF patients vs controls ( P = 0.001). 
– IL-6 level was also higher in all AF patients vs controls ( P = 0.008). 
– Oxidative stress but not inflammatory markers were statistically associated with AF ( P < 0.05). 
– The ? in the odds ratios for AF for Eh GSH, Eh CySH, and DROMs were 6.1 ( P = 0.02), 13.6 ( P = 0.01), and 15.9 ( P = 0.02), respectively, with stronger correlation between Eh GSH and Eh CySH (r = 0.66) than between Eh GSH and DROMs (r = 0.41). 
– ? IL-6 levels a significant predictor of stroke or death, even after adjustment for age ( P = 0.007) and only independent predictor of stroke or death. 
– Trends toward ? risk with high plasma CRP ( P = 0.06 for stroke or death). 
– Patients carrying the Leu34 allele had ? plasma levels of TF, IL-6 and sP-selectin (all P < 0.05) vs controls. Plasma IL-6 and TF levels significantly correlated ( P < 0.01). 
– AF patients had ? IL-6 ( P = 0.034), CRP ( P = 0.003), TF ( P = 0.019), and plasma viscosity ( P = 0.045). 
– Plasma IL-6 levels ? among AF patients at “high” risk of stroke ( P = 0.003). 
– Among AF patients, log TF ( P < 0.001) and high stroke risk ( P = 0.003) independent associates of log IL-6, log fibrinogen ( P < 0.001) and plasma viscosity ( P = 0.04) is independent associates of log CRP. 
– In PAF, ?TG and PF4 levels significantly ? than in controls ( P < 0.009, and P = 0.002, respectively), and patients with PSVT ( P < 0.004, and P = 0.009, respectively). 
– ?TG and PF4 levels significantly ? than CAF patients ( P = 0.002, and P = 0.02, respectively). 
Abbreviations: AF, atrial fibrillation; Ang-1, Ang-2, angiopoietin 1 and 2; ?TG, ?-thromboglobulin; CI, confidence interval; CRP, C-reactive protein; DROMs, derivatives of reactive oxidative metabolites; Eh GSH, Eh CySH, ratios of oxidized to reduced glutathione and cysteine; ELISA, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; hs-CRP, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein; ICAM, intercellular adhesion molecule-1; IL, interleukin; LASEC, left atrial spontaneous echo contrast; MCP-1, monocyte chemo attractant protein-1; mRNA, messenger ribonucleic acid; OR, odds ratio; P, probablility; PAF, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation; pCD40L, preformed CD40 ligand; PF4, platelet factor 4; POD, postoperative day; PPAR?, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-?; PSVT, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia; RT-PCR, reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction; sCD40L, soluble CD40 ligand; s(E/P)-selectin, soluble (E/P)-selectin; SR, sinus rhythm; TF, tissue factor; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; VCAM, vascular adhesion molecule-1; VE GF, vascular endothelial growth factor; vWF, von Willebrand factor. 
Author Patients studied Cytokines studied Results. 
Inflammatory cytokines and risk of thromboembolism in atrial fibrillation. 
– AF patients had ? levels of F1+2 ( P < 0.001) and IL-6 ( P = 0.045), not sE-selectin. 
– No significant correlation between F1+2 and IL-6. 
– In multivariate analysis, only F1+2 levels were independently associated with the presence of AF ( P = 0.001). 
– After oral anticoagulation, plasma levels of F1+2 and sE-selectin significantly ? (both P < 0.01). 
– Elevated F1.2 levels associated with clinical risk factors for stroke in AF. 
– ? ?TG levels linked to manifestations of atherosclerosis. 
– F1.2, ?TG, fibrinogen, and factor V Leiden not independent, clinically useful predictors of stroke. 
– AF patients vs control; had higher levels of sCD40L ( P = 0.038), VE GF ( P = 0.023), and Ang-2 ( P < 0.001), not Ang-1 ( P = 0.363). 
– In nonanticoagulated AF patients TF levels is higher ( P = 0.043), high sCD40L, VE GF, Ang-2. In AF patients, sCD40L levels correlated strongly with levels of VE GF ( P < 0.001), Ang-2 ( P = 0.002),. 
– VE GF levels significantly correlated with levels of Ang-2 ( P < 0.001) and TF ( P = 0.044). 
– CRP ? with increasing stroke risk with respect to the CHADS2 and NICE risk stratification criteria. 
– sCD40 ligand negatively associated with stroke risk. 
– CRP levels are higher in patients with ? BMI, DM, CAD, PVS and recent HF, but not in thromboembolism. 
– VE GF, sFlt-1, and TF significantly different between the three groups, with abnormal levels in AF and CAD patients compared with control subjects ( P < 0.001, P = 0.022, and P = 0.008, respectively) in AF patients. 
– TF levels significantly correlated with VE GF and sFlt levels. TF and VE GF levels significantly correlated in CAD patients. No significant correlations in healthy control. 
Abbreviations: AF, atrial fibrillation; Ang-1, Ang-2, angiopoietin 1 and 2; BMI, body mass index; ?TG, ?-thromboglobulin; CAD, coronary artery disease; CD40L, CD40 ligand; CRP, C-reactive protein; F, fragment; HF, heart failure; hs- CRP, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein; ICAM, intercellular adhesion molecule-1; IL, interleukin; MCP-1, monocyte chemo attractant protein-1; P, probablility; pCD40L, preformed CD40 ligand; PPAR?, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-?; sCD40L, soluble CD40 ligand; sE-selectin, soluble E-selectin; SR, sinus rhythm; TF, tissue factor; VCAM, vascular adhesion molecule-1; VE GF, vascular endothelial growth factor; SPAF, stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation. 
Author Experiment Results. 
Inflammatory cytokines and atrial fibrillation in experimental studies. 
– The profibrotic response to nicotine in canine atrium is critically dependent upon downregulation of miR- 133 and miR-590. 
– Increased activity of gelatinase (ie, MMP-9), TIMP-1 and TIMP-3 and their interaction may contribute to atrial ECM remodeling of AF. 
– Pioglitazone and candesartan ? TGF ?1. 
– TNF-?, and activated extracellular signal-regulated kinase expression similarly, but neither affected p38- kinase nor c-Jun N-terminal kinase activation. 
– AF associated with a significant ? of endocardial CD40 expression and platelet-endocardial adhesion compared with SR atria. 
– TNF-?-treated PV cardiomyocytes had ? amplitude of delayed after-depolarizations, smaller L-type calcium currents, larger transient inward currents, larger Na(+) ? Ca(2+) exchanger currents, a smaller intracellular calcium transient, smaller sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium content, larger diastolic intracellular calcium, a longer decay portion of the calcium transient (Tau), and ? sarcoplasmic reticulum ATPase expression. 
– mRNA content of collagen – I significantly ? in persistent AF group ( P < 0.001) and ? in paroxysmal AF group (P < 0.05) compared to sinus rhythm group. mRNA content of IL-1? was up-regulated in the persistent AF group (P < 0.05). 
– Connexin 40 significantly down regulated in MHCs TNF mice. Connexin43 density not altered in MHCs TNF mice. 
– Attenuation of arrhythmogenic LA remodeling, and significant ? in LA conduction heterogeneity index, pacing cycle length 300 ms, LA fibrosis and AF duration. 
– Immunoblotting shows a reduction in TGF-?1 expression. 
– Programmed stimulation induces atrial arrhythmias in TNF1.6, not in control mice (N = 0/37), with a higher inducibility in males. In the isolated perfused hearts, programmed stimulation with single extra beats elicits reentrant atrial arrhythmias (N = 6/6) in TNF1 treated group, not control hearts. 
– rhIL-11 induces age-dependent atrial remodeling manifested by atrial stretch and ? atrial refractoriness. Na retention is the likely mechanism underlying this effect of rhIL-11. 
– Expression of calpain I ? during AF, amounts of calpain II and calpastatin were ?. 
– Total calpain enzymatic activity more than doubled during AF, TnC, TnT levels ? in fibrillating atria by 26%. 
– Epicardial conduction velocity ? in the Tx RA compared with the Wt RA. In the Tx LA, conduction velocity not significantly different from Wt, with more heterogeneous conduction. No differences in action potential characteristics recorded with intracellular microelectrodes in Wt and Tx mice. 
Abbreviations: AF, Atrial fibrillation; ATP, adenosine triphosphate; bpm, beats per minute; CHF, congestive heart failure; ECM, extracellular matrix remodeling; IL, interleukin; LA, left atrial; MHCs, major histocompatibility complex; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; P, probability; PV, pulmonary vein; SR, sinus rhythm; RA, right atrial; rh, recombinant human; RHD, rheumatic heart disease; TGF, transforming growth factor; TIMP, tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases; TnC, troponin C; TnT, troponin T; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; Tx, transgenic; Wt, wild type. 
Author Patients studied Cytokines studied Results. 
Inflammatory cytokines and atrial fibrillation ablation. 
– Patients with permanent AF had higher plasma levels of IL-8 in the samples from the femoral vein, RA and coronary sinus, but not in the samples from the PV. No differences hs-CRP and IL-6 in three groups. 
– Leukocyte counts and CRP and IL-6 levels ? significantly. 
– Myocardial necrosis and inflammatory response correlated with ? in IL-6 ( P = 0.007). 
– SDF-1 levels ? after RF ablation ( P = 0.004). 
– IL-1?, TNF-?, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12 plasma levels, circulating CD34+ CD133+ and CD117+ progenitor cells not affected. 
– TIMP2 enhanced only in RAA-AF compared with SR. 
– Collagen VI, MMP2, MMP9 and TIMP1 ?,. 
– RECK a newly discovered MMPs inhibitor, ? in RFW compared to RAA-AF ( P < 0.05) and RFW-SR ( P < 0.05), – TGF-?1 ? in AF. 
– AFL patients had ? CRP levels,. 
– CRP and IL-6 significantly lower in the CS vs periphery,. 
– CRP significantly lower at a median of 47 days after AFL ablation. 
– IL-6 ? across 3 time points after AFL ablation. 
– Levels of each marker were similar in the CS and peripheral blood in the SVT group. 
– Patients in SR at 6 months after CV (N = 40) had lower baseline hs-CRP and E-selectin levels: median 2.36 mg/L versus 3.44 mg/L ( P = 0.031) and 32 ng/ml versus 37 ng/ml ( P = 0.042), respectively. 
– Median serum IL-2 levels on admission were higher in non-cardioverted vs cardioverted patients ( P = 0.002). At 48h,. 
– non-cardioverted had higher IL-6 ( P = 0.005) and hs-CRP values, P = 0.001). 
– (CRP) and IL-6 levels in AF patients compared with controls ( P < 0.001). 
– CRP is independent predictor of AF by multivariate analysis ( P = 0.01). 
– IL-6 levels positively related to AF duration before cardioversion ( P = 0.02). 
– Serum HGF levels ? in the AF patients (both lone AF and underlying heart disease) than in controls ( P < 0.001). 
– HGF ? significantly in the 24 patients maintaining sinus rhythm 1 month after DC CV. 
Abbreviations: AF, atrial fibrillation; AFL, atrial flutter; CAD, coronary artery disease; CAPRAF, Candesartan in the Prevention of Relapsing Atrial Fibrillation study; CD40L, CD40 ligand; CRP, C-reactive protein; CS, coronary sinus; CV, cardioversion; DC CV, direct current cardioversion; EPC, endothelial progenitor cells; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; HTN, hypertension; IL, interleukin; MMP, matrix metalloproteinases; RA, right atrial; RAA, right atrial appendage; RFW, right atrial free wall; SDF, stromal derived factor; TGF, transforming growth factor; TIMP, tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases; P, probability; PV, pulmonary vein; RAA, right atrial appendages; RECK, reversion-inducing cysteine-rich protein with Kazal motifs; RFW, right atrial free walls; SR, sinus rhythm; SVT, supraventricular tachycardia; VCAM 1, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1; WPS, Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome. 
Author Patients studied Cytokines studied Results. 
Inflammatory cytokines in postoperative atrial fibrillation. 
– IL-6 found in patients with and without AF. 
– IL-8 ? at 2 hrs, POD1 and POD2 in postoperative AF patients. Concentration of serum IL-10 ? on POD1 in postoperative AF patients. 
– Serum IL-2 levels significantly lower in the study group. ( P < 0.01). 
– C3a levels significant differences in leukofiltrated group ( P < 0.05). 
– No significant difference in the incidence of AF in placebo (41%) vs DEX groups (30%) (95% CI, 11%, 34%, P = 0.31). 
– DEX ? least 1 postoperative level of IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, CRP, and exhaled NO. 
– No affect on ET-1, C-4 levels. 
– CRP and IL-6 levels ? ( P < 0.001) in response to surgery. 
– Statin use associated with a 3-fold ? in the odds of developing AF (OR, 0.26; 95% CI, 0.08–0.82; P = 0.022). 
Abbreviations: AF, atrial fibrillation; CABG, coronary artery bypass graft; CI, confidence interval; CRP, C-reactive protein; hs-CRP, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein; DEX, dexamethasone; ET, endothelin; NO, nitrous oxide; OR, odds ratio; POD, postoperative day; SD, standard deviation; TNF, tumor necrosis factor. 
Spot ID Protein SwissProt accession number Theoretical/estimated MW, kDa Theoretical/estimated pI Number of unique identified peptidesc, d Total ion scored Best ion scored Sequence coverage, %d. 
Mass spectrometry data of vascular smooth muscle cell protein spots identified as specific target antigena. 
aMW: molecular weight, pI: isoelectric point, ANKRD26: ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 26, TOMM40: translocase of outer mitochondrial membrane 40 homolog (yeast). bOnly one peptide of the protein was recognised by matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight/time-of-flight mass spectrometry; identification spectrum for each protein spot is given in Additional file 5;cindicate number of unique identified peptides in MSMS and in MS+MSMS searches; didentification was performed twice. When available, both values are given. 
Spot ID Protein SwissProt accession number Theoretical/estimated MW, kDa Theoretical/estimated pI Number of unique identified peptidesc Total ion score Best ion score Sequence coverage, %. 
Mass spectrometry data of the endothelial cell protein spots identified as specific target antigensa. 
aMW: molecular weight, PDZ and LIM domain protein 1: postsynaptic density 95 (PSD95), pI: isoelectric point. bOnly one peptide of the protein was recognized by matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight/time-of-flight mass spectrometry; identification spectrum for each protein spot is given in Additional file 5. cindicate number of unique identified peptides in MSMS and in MS+MSMS searches. 
Oligonucleotide Sequence (5' à 3') Purpose. 
Sequences of oligonucleotides used in RT-PCR, primer extension, cloning site- directed mutagenesis, EMSA and ChIP. 
Lower-case letters represent mutated oligonucleotides. 
ChIP, chromatin immunoprecipitation; Del, deletion; EMSA, electrophoretic mobility shift assay; F, forward; Mut, mutant; M1, mutant-1; P, primer; R, reverse; RT-PCR, reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction; WT, wild-type. 
Treatment Axillary lymph node metastases (right, left) Lung metastases. 
Effect of sunitinib and DC101 on axillary lymph node and lung metastasis from MDA-MB-231LN in the m.f.p. model. 
In the experiment illustrated in Figure 5, axillary lymph node and lung metastases were confirmed by bioluminescent imaging ex vivo . Values are shown as the number of mice with metastasis in each organ. The statistical analysis is described in the Materials and Methods section. The results were considered to be statistically significant at P < 0.05. a P < 0.05 as compared with control. 
Enzymatic antioxidant Cellular location Substrate Reaction. 
Superoxide dismutases (SODs) catalyse the breakdown of superoxide into oxygen and H2O2. These enzymes, located in the cytosol and mitochondria, require a metal ion cofactor, copper (Cu), zinc (Zn) or manganese (Mn). Catalase is localised to the peroxisome, where it converts H2O2 to water and oxygen. Glutathione peroxidases are a large family of enzymes that reduce H2O2 to water. They are found both in the cytoplasm and extracellularly in almost every human tissue. Prxs catalyse the reduction of H2O2, organic hydroperoxides as well as peroxynitrite (ONOO?). Please note that several non-enzymatic antioxidants exist, including thioredoxin; vitamin A, C and E; and melatonin. The varied expression profiles, subcellular locations and substrates of the above mentioned antioxidant systems reflect the complex nature of ROS biology. It is clear that they are vital to escape oxidative damage and ensure cell survival. 
Cell line ER status Genotype BGT226 (nmol/l) BKM120 (nmol/l) RAD001 (nmol/l)    LC50 IC50 LC50 IC50 LC50 IC50. 
Determination of LC50 and IC50 values for BGT226, BKM120 and RAD001 in breast cancer cells. 
Cell lines growing under estrogen-deprived conditions in CSS medium were incubated with solvent control or increasing concentrations of the indicated compounds and cell viability was assessed at 0 hours (time of drug addition) and at 96 hours after treatment. PIK3CA , PIK3CB and PTEN mutation information has been published previously [ 5 , 22 ] or was obtained from the Sanger website [31]. ER, estrogen receptor; IC50, half maximal inhibitory concentration; LC50, 50% lethal concentration; mut, mutant; wt, wild-type. aER was not detectable by western blot. 
Characteristic at initial diagnosis Number of patients %. 
Clinical characteristics of the 51 recurrent or metastatic breast cancers. 
PIK3CA mutant PIK3CA wild-type n P value. 
PIK3CA correlation analysis. 
ER, estrogen receptor; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2. 
Cell line HER1 HER2. 
HER1 and HER2 receptor number in the cell line panel. 
HER1 and HER2 receptor numbers were determined by FACS analysis. Cells were re-fed with fresh serum-containing media the night prior to harvesting by trypsinization and FACS analysis. HER1 and HER2 receptor number determination was based on a calibrated standard curve. 
Score Interpretation. 
Neurological score after SAH. 
Control SAH SAH + SB386023-b after 0 hours SAH + SB386023-b after 6 hours. 
Regional cerebral blood flow 48 hours post subarachnoid hemorrhage. 
Values are expressed in ml/min/100 g and given as mean ± s.e.m. a = significant difference between SAH and control groups, b = significant difference between SAH and SAH treated with SB386023-b 0 hr and 6 hr post SAH. 
Biphasic curve Sigmoidal curve. 
Contractile effects of ET-1 and 5-CT in MCA and basilar arteries. 
Responses were characterized by Emax values, expressed as percent of 63 mM K+ -induced contraction, and pEC50 values (negative logarithm of the molar concentration that produces half maximum contraction). Values are represented as mean ± s.e.m and n represents number of animal. a = significant difference between SAH and control groups, b = significant difference between SAH and SAH treated with SB386023-b. 
N K+ mean ± s.e.m Emax (%) ± s.e.m pEC50 ± s.e.m. 
Contractile effects of Ang II in MCA. 
Responses were characterized by Emax values, expressed as percent of 63 mM K+ -induced contraction, and pEC50 values (negative logarithm of the molar concentration that produces half maximum contraction). Values are represented as mean ± s.e.m and n represents number of animal. a = significant difference between SAH and control groups, b = significant difference between SAH and SAH treated with SB386023-b. 
Sham SAH SAH + SB386023-b at 0 h SAH + SB386023-b after 6 h SAH + SB386023-b after 12 h. 
Activation of the different protein levels measured with immunohistochemistry in basilar artery after SAH. 
Values are expressed as percentage of control and given as mean ± s.e.m. 
Gene Chr a Role/Function Hyper methylation Prostate cancer Cell lines d Ref. Primary b Met c. 
Genes Frequently Hypermethylated in Prostate Cancer. 
Chr: Chromosomal location. 
Primary prostate cancers. 
Mets: Metastatic prostate cancers. 
Prostate cancer cell lines. 
Gene Chr a Role/Function Hypo methylation Prostate cancer Cell lines d Ref. # Primary b Mets c. 
Genes Frequently Hypomethylated in Prostate Cancer. 
Chr: Chromosomal location. 
Primary prostate cancers. 
Mets: Metastatic prostate cancer. 
Prostate cancer cell lines. 
Technique Gene-Specific or Genome-wide Sample (µg) Advantage and limitations Ref. 
Available Techniques for Detection of DNA Methylation. 
MSRF: Methylation-Sensitive Restriction Fingerprinting. 
ChIP-ChIP: Chromatin Immunoprecipitation on DNA Microarray. 
LUMA: Luminometric methylation assayMALDI-TOF-MS. 
MALDI-TOF-MS: Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption/Ionization Time-of-Flight Mass Spectrometry. 
DGGE: Denaturing Gradient Gel Electrophoresis. 
Phenotypic and molecular characteristics of NF1 associated GIST with KIT or PDGFRA mutation. 
Percent (number). 
22 of the tumours used for the proteomics studies are also represented in the colorectal cancer TMA used for protein validation. 
Antibody Supplier Antibody type Reference number (clone number) Optimal dilution. 
Protein Immunoreactivity (p value, normal v primary tumour) Change in expression in tumour Immunoreactivity (p value, primary Dukes C tumour v lymph node metastasis) Change in expression in lymph node. 
Evaluation of normal colonic epithelium versus primary tumour samples for immunoreactivity (Mann-Whitney U test, ??=?increased in tumour, ??=?decreased in tumour, -?=?no change between tumour and normal) and evaluation of primary Dukes C colorectal tumour samples and their corresponding metastasis samples for immunoreactivity (Wilcoxon signed rank sum test, ??=?increased in lymph node metastasis, ??=?decreased in lymph node metastasis, -?=?no change between primary and metastatic tumour). 
Protein Dukes A v Dukes B (p value) Dukes B v Dukes C (p value). 
Pathological parameter  Tumour site Tumour differentiation EMVI MSI status T stage N stage Dukes stage Protein ?2 p value ?2 p value ?2 p value ?2 p value ?2 p value ?2 p value ?2 p value. 
Significant values are highlighted in bold. 
Cut-off point  Negative v weak/moderate/strong Negative and weak v moderate and strong Negative, weak and moderate v strong Protein ?2 p value ?2 p value ?2 p value. 
Significant values are highlighted in bold. 
Peptide/ Source Sequence In vitro study. 
Selected host defense peptides tested in in vitro studies for anticancer activity. a. 
For a complete list of anticancer peptides check http://aps.unmc.edu/AP/database/antiC.php . 
Dolavaline (Dov), dolaisoleuine (Dil), dola-proine (Dap), dolaphenine (Doe). 
Peptide a Mode of action Type of tumor. 
In vivo studies of anticancer peptides and proposed mode of action. 
Source and amino acid composition of peptides are listed in Table 1 . 
Selumetinib PK parameters Treatment n Geometric LS mean Pairwise comparision Ratio of fed/fasted 90% CI. 
Influence of food on the rate and extent of selumetinib absorption (A) and pharmacokinetic parameters for (B) selumetinib and (C) N-desmethyl-selumetinib in fed and fasted state [all PP population]. 
aData are presented as median (min, max). 
Number (%) of patients Total ( N  = 11). 
SAE of ?CTC grade 3 reported in ?2 patients (safety population). 
Model Year Other tissues affected Metastasis sites Cell of origin Castration resistance References. 
Prostate cancer mouse models utilizing T antigen. 
Model Year Other tissues affected Highest stage of neoplasia Castration resistance References. 
Prostate cancer transgenic mouse models. 
Model Year Other tissues affected Highest stage of neoplasia Castration resistance References. 
Traditional knockout models. 
Model Year Other tissues affected Highest stage of neoplasia Castration resistance References. 
Conditional knockout models. 
miRNAs References. 
Biomarker and therapeutic candidates of miRNAs in colorectal cancer . 
protein assay type interacting DISC1 constructs noninteracting DISC1 constructs refs. 
DISC1 truncation mutants, recombinant proteins, and peptides which have been tested for protein–protein interaction beyond yeast two-hybrid screening are listed, with outcome and corresponding references. Refer to Abbreviations for full names and aliases of proteins listed in Table 1 . Assay type abbreviations: BL = Coimmunoprecipitation in rodent brain lysate; CL = coimmunoprecipitation in cell line; OE = coimmunoprecipitation of overexpressed protein; PA = interaction on an in vitro peptide array; PN = coimmunoprecipitation in rodent primary neurons; RP = interaction of recombinant protein in vitro (pull down assay or copurification); # = in a subset only, specifically with aggregated DISC1. Asterisks (?) denote constructs which showed some interaction, but for which this was dramatically reduced compared to other DISC1 constructs. “Peptides” denote regions of DISC1 for which a variety of short peptides, spanning the listed region were tested. “Mut” denotes that mutation of the listed amino acids was sufficient to block interaction. For DISC1-DISC1 interaction sites, “self-association” represents regions shown to bind in cell models, while “dimers” and “oligomers” represent oligomeric states of the purified constructs. Where mouse constructs were used, these are mentioned. Where specific human DISC1 alternatively spliced isoforms were tested, these are indicated long (L isoform, 1–854 amino acids), long variant (Lv isoform), short (S isoform), and extremely short (Es isoform). The potential binding protein region summary is summarized schematically in Figure 2 drawn to scale with DISC1. Ampersands (&) denote discrepancies in noted interaction domains with DISC1; these are discussed in more detail in the text. 
sequence variant in DISC1 sequence conservation and location on structure experimental effects where known and potential binding region overlap notes, motifs, and potential effects on structure and function Human common variants. 
All known DISC1 sequence variants are tabulated. The sequence conservation information was inferred on the basis of the ortholog multiple sequence alignment shown in Chubb et al. 3 hs , Homo sapiens ; pt , Pan troglodytes ; ma , Macaca mulatta ; bt , Bos taurus ; cf , Canis familiaris ; rn , Rattus norvegicus ; mo , Mus musculus ; tr , Takifugu rubripes ; dr , Danio rerio . Predicted location on secondary structure was based upon annotations made using methods described in Figure 1 . Minor allele frequency for human common variants obtained from dbSNP 93 (1000 Genome phase 1 genotype data, release 08/04/2010). Binding region information obtained from the literature (refer to Table 1 and Figure 2 ). 
cellular location details and associated functions of DISC1 refs. 
The regions where DISC1 has been shown to localize are provided, along with summary details of known roles or associated functions therein. 
ID Functions Disease associations Cancer Mutations. 
Functions of mammalian Nek kinases. 
Nek kinase somatic mutations in tumor samples and cultured cells as catalogued in the COSMIC database (Sanger Institute/Wellcome Trust). (*) silent mutations; (**) nonsense mutations; (***) deletion-frameshift mutations. 
Mol. wt range Description of the proteins expressed in high abundance in hypertrophied salivary glands  Protein Name Accession No. Functional annotation. 
The thirty-two G. pallidipes proteins expressed in high abundance in the hypertrophied SGs at all the time points (0, 48, 72 and 96 hpf) but were either detected in very low abundance or not detectable at all in the non-hypertrophied salivary glands. 
Protein Name Mol. Wt (kDa) Accession No. Description of functional domains. 
Summary of nine of the most down regulated proteins in the hypertrophied salivary glands. The proteins are arranged in the order of molecular weights. 
Glossina secretome proteins SGHV proteins(ORFs in brackets) Putative Glossina -SGHV protein Interactions. 
TEPs?=?thioester-containing proteins; hsc?=?heat shock cognate; hsp?=?heat shock protein; GAP?=?GTPase-activating protein; ARFs?=?ADP-ribosylation factor; ER-PDI?=?endoplasmic reticulum protein disulphide isomerase. 
Summary of the putative interactions between Glossina and SGHV proteins during the different facets of the virus replication cycle. The SGHV ORFs encoding the respective viral proteins are indicated (bold and in brackets). 
iPS reprogramming lineage conversion. 
iPS cell reprogramming versus direct conversion. 
reprogramming followed by targeted differentiation. 
very much dependent of respective differentiation protocol and lineage. 
SUBSTANCE TARGET/EFFECT ASSAY *  Tet21 N (MYCN) p493-6 (c-MYC). 
*Decrease in number of viable cells expressed as % inhibition in MYC-ON cells compared to MYC-OFF cells, calculated as the difference between (optical density [OD] for drug treated MYC-OFF cells)/(OD for DMSO treated MYC-OFF cells) and (OD for drug treated MYC-ON cells)/(OD for DMSO treated MYC-ON cells). 
+, 10–35% inhibition; ++, 35–50% inhibition; +++,?50% inhibition; NE ?=? No effect (?10% effect). 
Tet21 N P493-6  MYCN on MYCN off c-MYC on c-MYC off Drug IC50 (95% CI * ) IC50 (95% CI) IC50 (95% CI) IC50 (95% CI). 
*CI; Confidence interval. 
Statistically significant difference at the 95% confidence-level in the IC50 values between MYC on and MYC off conditions. 
Probe Set ID Gene Title Gene Symbol Ctnnb 1 /wt Kras ; Pten / wt Ctnnb 1;Kras /wt Ctnnb1 ; Pten / wt. 
RNA was extracted from whole ovaries of control (WT) mice, Ctnnb1-Cyp19-cre , Kras;Pten-Cyp19-cre , Ctnnb1;Kras-Cyp19-cre and Ctnnb1;Pten-Cyp19-cre mice at 6 weeks of age. The RNA samples (2 /genotype) were analyzed in duplicate using the Affymetrix Mouse 430.2 array chip. All mutant mRNA values were expressed relative to that detected in WT samples. 
Control CA KA PA CPA CKA. 
Gonadal weights and ages of mice in each of the mutant mice genotypes: A-Cre (control), Ctnnb1;A-Cre (CA), Kras;A-Cre (KA), Pten A-Cre (PA), Ctnnb1;Pten ACre (CPA) and Ctnnb1;Kras;A-Cre (CKA) mutant mice. Note that tumors occurred earlier and grew faster (based on gonad weight) in the Ctnnb1;Pten A-Cre (CPA) male and female mice compared to the Ctnnb1;Kras;A-Cre (CKA) mutant mice. 
Circumstances Model description. 
Differences in characteristics among the four H1299 models. 
(comparison with WT model). 
Pathway Proteins Interactions. 
Pathway Information for Building Crosstalk Model. 
We combined four pathways from the Science Signaling Database (STKE). The first four rows of the table show the numbers of proteins and interactions in each pathway. The last three rows show the numbers of proteins and interactions as we merge and simplify the network. 
Department HIV Patients HCMV seropositivity (%) Age (years, mean). 
HCMV seroprevalence and HIV infection in the Department of Dermatology and of Infectious Diseases. 
Department Hepatology HCV and/or HBV Patients HCMV seropositivity (%) Age (years, mean). 
HCMV seroprevalence and HCV and/or HBV infection in the Department of Hepatology. 
Unimodal analysis. 
Factors associated with HCC and with HCMV seropositivity. 
Unimodal analysis and Multimodal analysis. 
Animal model Gene Mutation / Transgene Time course of degeneration Model for disease Origin Reference. 
Abbreviations: Pde6? : Phosphodiesterase 6?; Rho : Rhodopsin; adRP: autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa, arRP: autosomal recessive retinitis pigmentosa, Rd: retinal degeneration, PND: postnatal day, Tg: transgene. 
  Oligonucleotide primers     Gene Forward 5?-3? Reverse 5?-3? Annealing temperature (°C) Product (bp). 
Antigen Host Dilution Catalog number Company. 
Group Protein expression (n) P Value  Total Negative Weak Positive Strong S/N/A/C S/N A/N C/N A/C. 
*Kruskal Wallis Test;. 
#Mann-Whitney U Test; S: Squamous epithelium; N: Normal epithelium; A: Atypical hyperplasia epithelium; C: Cancer; n: Patient case. 
Characteristics n NESG1 (%) P   High expression Low expression . 
Parameter Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis  P HR 95%CI P HR 95%CI. 
Pathway Number of genes p-value Genes involving pathway. 
Constant Meaning Value Units. 
Constants and values used in stochastic simulations. 
Rate constants were based on kinases and phosphatases from the MAPK pathway, retrieved from the Database of Quantitative Cellular Signalling [ 33 ]. 
Gene Site of mutation Frequency. 
Summary of genetic mutations in JMML. 
Conserved core components and interactors of TORC1 and TORC2 in S. cerevisiae, D. discoideum, and mammals. 
Authors and reference Technique Specimen Specimen n = Control n = Sensitivity Specificity. 
Studies of KRAS genetic alterations in fecal samples. 
Authors and references Technique Specimen Specimen n = Control n = Sensitivity Specificity. 
Studies of SFRP2 genetic alterations in fecal samples. 
Authors and references Markers Specimen Specimen n = Control n = Sensitivity Specificity. 
Studies of the PreGen panel in the detection of genetic alterations in fecal samples. 
LEC (µM) TIE2 AC50 (µM) Chemical VBS a CCL2. CXCL10- uPAR1 PAI?11 VEGFR2. 
Reference antiangiogenic compounds: activity across pVDC signature. 
AC50 (µM) ToxCast chemical name VBS VEGFR1 VEGFR2 VEGFR3 TIE2 EphB2 PI3Ka PTEN. 
Chemical activities (AC50) across biochemical targets critical to vascular development. 
Chemical VBS Developmental phenotype. 
pVDCs with rabbit-specific effects in ToxRefDB prenatal studies. 
Chemical VBS Developmental phenotype. 
pVDCs with rat-specific effects in ToxRefDB prenatal studies. 
Descriptor Result. 
Multivariate toxicity signature: pVDCs with rabbit-specific effects in ToxRefDB prenatal studies. 
Descriptor Result. 
Multivariate toxicity signature: pVDCs with rat-specific effects in ToxRefDB prenatal studies. 
mRNA log2Ratio(Ca/N) P-value FDR miRNA log2Ratio(Ca/N) P-value FDR. 
Ca: bladder urothelial carcinoma, N: matched normal urothelium. 
Gene Methylation Expression  log2 Ratio(Ca/N) P-value FDR log2 Ratio(Ca/N) P-Value FDR. 
Ca: bladder urothelial carcinoma, N: matched normal urothelium. 
Therapies currently licensed or in phase III clinical development for MBC. 
Many other targeted agents are currently being investigated in early phase I/II clinical trials of MBC (e.g., pazopanib, axitinib, sorafenib, everolimus). 
Abbreviations: CSF-1R, colony-stimulating factor 1 receptor; EU, European Union; FLT-3, FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3; HER, human epidermal growth factor receptor; mAb, monoclonal antibody; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; RET, glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor (REarranged during Transfection); TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Summary of key phase II and III trials of: (A) trastuzumab in combination with chemotherapy (first-line treatment) and (B) trastuzumab treatment beyond progression. 
(Continued). 
Abbreviations: AE, adverse event; C, carboplatin; CBR, clinical benefit rate; CI, confidence interval; CR, complete response; D, docetaxel; DCR, disease control rate; DR, duration of response; HER, human epidermal growth factor receptor; HR, hazard ratio; L, lapatinib; LVEF, left ventricular ejection fraction; NA, not applicable; NCCN, National Comprehensive Cancer Network; ORR, objective response rate; OS, overall survival; PD, progressive disease; PFS, progression-free survival; PR, partial response; PX, paclitaxel; PZ, pertuzumab; R, RAD001; SD, stable disease; T, trastuzumab; TP, tanespimycin; TTP, time to progression; V, vinorelbine; X, capecitabine. 
Summary of key lapatinib combination trials. 
Abbreviations: B, bevacizumab; CBR, clinical benefit rate; CR, complete response; G, grade; HER, human epidermal growth factor receptor; HR, hazard ratio; L, lapatinib; LVEF, left ventricular ejection fraction; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; ORR, objective response rate; PD, progressive disease; PFS, progression-free survival; PR, partial response; PZ, pazopanib; RR, response rate; SD, stable disease; T, trastuzumab; TBD, to be determined; TTP, time to progression; X, capecitabine. 
Summary of key bevacizumab trials. 
Abbreviations: A, anthracycline; B, bevacizumab; D, docetaxel; G, grade; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; NS, not significant; ORR, objective response rate; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; PX, paclitaxel; T, taxane; TTP, time to progression; X, capecitabine. 
Key trials of antiangiogenic TKIs in MBC patients, recruiting as of June 2009. 
Abbreviations: A, anastrozole; ABC, advanced breast cancer; B, bevacizumab; CBR, clinical benefit rate; D, docetaxel; DR, duration of response; F, fulvestrant; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; ORR, objective response rate; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; PL, placebo; PX, paclitaxel; PZ, pazopanib; SB, sorafenib; SU, sunitinib; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; Triple negative, estrogen receptor negative, progesterone receptor negative, and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative; X, capecitabine. 
Genes commonly involved in sporadic CRC. 
Abbreviations: AI, allelic imbalance; CRC, colorectal cancer; ERK, extracellular signal–related kinase; MEK, mitogen-activated protein kinase/extracellular signal–related kinase kinase; TGF-?, transforming growth factor ?; TK, tyrosine kinase. 
Summary of studies investigating candidate genes and phenotypes as independent prognostic and predictive biomarkers in adjuvantly treated colon cancer patients. 
Only studies from published (peer-reviewed) reports in which ?100 patients were studied and in which biomarkers were shown to be independently associated with clinical outcome are shown. 
aPrognostic utility was assessed in relation to reported data from meta-analyses or analyses (retrospective and prospective) of patient clinical samples from single-arm studies, large population- based studies, or large collaborative group studies. 
bPredictive utility was assessed in relation to reported data from studies in which patients receiving adjuvant 5-FU–based chemotherapy and nontreated patients were described and compared including: single randomized trials, large intergroup studies, and meta-analyses. 
Abbreviations: 5-FU, 5-fluorouracil; AI, allelic imbalance; BSC, best supportive care; DFS, disease-free survival; dMMR, deficient mismatch repair; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; IHC, immunohistochemistry; LV, leucovorin; mCRC, metastatic colorectal cancer; MSI-H, microsatellite instability high; NR, no published reports; OS, overall survival; PETACC, Pan European Trials in Adjuvant Colon Cancer; RFS, relapse-free survival; RT-PCR, reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. 
Disease sites for which newer cytotoxic chemotherapy or targeted agents are currently under investigation concurrently with radiation. 
Abbreviations: GBM, glioblastoma multiforme; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma. 
ENTRY STRUCTURE COMMENTS REF. 
ENTRY STRUCTURE REF. 
Protein Forward Primer Reverse Primer Length (bp). 
Primer Sequences. 
Approach Target Agent Immune modulation of host Phase of experimentation Main findings. 
Selected approaches to tumor immunotherapy. 
ClinicalTrials.gov identifier, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) identifier, and FDA-authorized pilot clinical study identifier are given in brackets. 
Type Patients Tumor grade * Tubule formation /Nuclear grade /Mitotic rate AQP5 labeling intensity Proportion of AQP5 labeling. 
Tumor grade was determined by modified Bloom-Richardson-Elston grading system. Immunolabeling intensity of AQP5 was scored as negative (-), weak (score 1), moderate (score 2), and strong (score 3) by expert pathologists. Proportion was the approximate numbers of AQP5-positive tumor cells among the total tumor cells, scored as negative(-), <33% (score 1), 34%–66% (score 2), and>67% (score 3). N.A., not available. 
Category Benign tumor Lymph node negativeInvasive ductal carcinoma Lymph node positiveInvasive ductal carcinoma. 
n, number of patients in each group. 
Primer Sequence Product size (bp). 
List of primer sequences used for RT-PCR. 
Recall Precision. 
Recall and precision of AIMed and PESCADOR. 
All sentences Both names in dictionary NLProt detected both names Not complex. 
Influence of entity name recognition on the recall of PESCADOR. 
Feature PESCADOR iHOP STRING AliBaba. 
Feature comparison among PESCADOR, iHOP, STRING and AliBaba. 
Treatment (20 °C) Total (N) Censored (N) Adult Life Span, Days (Mean ± SE) P vs. Control (log-Rank). 
Effects of water extract of Tasco® on longevity of C. elegans N2 when started from eggs (SE = standard error). 
ID Number a Name of Protein Increase Fold in Treated Larva b Accession Number Molecular Mass (Da)/pI Coverage (%) Matched Peaks Putative Functions. 
Proteins that were more abundant/differentially (up/down) expressed in TWE-treated C. elegans under 35 °C stress. 
D The protein was found to be observed in the TWE treated gels (Stressed/unstressed);. 
ID number indicates the protein spot in the 2DE master reference gel;. 
The mean ( n = 3) factor of increase/decrease in spot due to treatment compared to control worms, obtained from the three different gels. 
Transgenic marker Experimental condition Net displacement (µm)±SD Total distance (µm)±SD Efficiency of migration (net/total µm)±SD. 
*Indicates genotype of RFP-labeled cells transplanted into pax2a:gfp host embryo. 
Significantly different from control value based on t-test. 
IC50 of HCC cell lines to several drugs. 
Effect of sorafenib and EGFR-targeted therapies on the growth of human hepatoma cell lines. Thirteen hepatoma cell lines were treated with sorafenib, VGFR, and EGFR-targeted therapies for 24 hr at concentrations ranging between 3.3 nM and 10 µM. Cellular viability was assessed by the CCK-8 assay. IC50 value was calculated using PRISM Software. In general, values over 10 µM showed significant change, indicated by " > "; asteriks (*) indicates data not shown. 
Examples of functions for FGF signaling in the nascent central nervous system and developing neocortex . 
See text for references . 
Different stages of wound healing Different stem cells Different cell types Growth factors and cytokines MMP TIMP Collagen Integrins. 
Regulators of the wound healing process . 
BCAR3 Native NSP3–p130Cas Native NSP3–p130Cas SeMet NSP3–p130Cas Thiomerosal. 
Data collection, phasing and refinement statistics. 
Values in parentheses are for highest-resolution shell. 
HD nCC nBC TI3 TO30.01 TO30.005. 
Correlations between indices of the real networks. 
The Spearman rank correlation coefficients between each pair of centrality indices for the HD and HO networks as well as the total network. 
HD nCC nBC TI3 TO30.01 TO30.005. 
Correlations between indices of the randomized networks. 
The mean Spearman rank correlation coefficients between each pair of centrality indices obtained from 1000 random networks of the same size as the HD, HD and the total network. 
nD  nCC  nBC  TI3  TO30.01  TO30.005. 
Centrality ranks for the HD network. 
The rank of the most central 30 nodes in the HD network, based on the six importance indices analyzed. 
nD  nCC  nBC  TI3  TO30.01  TO30.005. 
Centrality ranks in the HO network. 
The rank of the most central 30 nodes in the HO network, based on the six importance indices analyzed. 
nD  nCC  nBC  TI3  TO30.01  TO30.005. 
Centrality ranks in the total network. 
The rank of the most central 30 nodes in the total network, based on the six importance indices analyzed. 
nD nCC nBC TI3 TO30.01 TO30.005. 
Correlations between p-values and centrality. 
The Spearman rank correlation coefficients between the p-values of GO terms calculated for the most central nodes according to particular indices in particular networks and the node centrality values of the nodes. Bold numbers mean p < 0.05. 
Transfected Construct Number of Cells Mean Surface Area (µm2) Standard Error. 
Study Patient population Treatment regimen Response (%) Median DOR (months)  OR CR PR. 
Monoclonal antibodies in CLL. 
Notes: OR was 36% and ranged between 22% and 75%;. 
PR nodular in 10%, PR due to cytopenias in 7%, and PR with residual disease in 6%;. 
OR were 58% and 47% in the FA-ref and BF-ref groups, 1 CR in the BF-ref group otherwise all responses were PR, median duration of response was 5.7 months in the FA-ref group and 5.9 months in the BF-ref group;. 
OR was 77% and CR was 32% for group A receiving ofatumumab at 500 mg after initial dose of 300 mg in combination with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide, OR was 73% and CR was 50% for group B receiving ofatumumab at 1000 mg after initial dose of 300 mg in combination with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide; both groups received total of 6 cycles;. 
CRi 1 and 7 PR was reported;. 
CR attained in bone marrow in 36% of patients;. 
alemtuzumab was given at escalating dose to a maximum of 30 mg in combination with rituximab, PR 40% and partial remission nodular (PRn) was 4%;. 
No patients achieved objective response, 5 patients demonstrated stable disease;. 
reductions in lymphocyte counts were noted in 91% and reduction in size of lymph nodes was noted in 59% of patients;. 
PR was reported as 17% and 58% minimal responses, progression free interval in responders ranged between 1 and 19+ months. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response; CCL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; DOR, duration of response; NR, not reported; OR, overall response; PR, partial response. 
Drug Oncogene or antigen Mechanism of action Developmental phase Study. 
Preclinical agents in CLL. 
Abbreviations: ABT-737, isomer of gossypol; Akt, protein kinase; Hsp 90, heat shock protein; TRAIL, tumor necrosis factor related ligand; XmAb5574, anti-CD19 monoclonal antibody; ADCC, antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia. 
Drug Target. 
Investigational agents in chronic lymphocytic leukemia. 
Notes: 5 aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide-1-beta-4-ribofuranoside;. 
prodrug of nucleotide analog 9-(2- phosphonylmethoxyethyl) guanine (PMEG);. 
third-generation monoclonal antibody;. 
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug;. 
T cell activation. 
Abbreviation: VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Peptide Cancer cell Study Reference. 
Evidence for oncolytic properties of HDPs. 
Gene ID Total insertions Insertions in Paneth tumors Sample specific P -value. 
Genes over-represented in tumors containing differentiated Paneth cells. 
CIS that are not located within ± 150K base pairs of a gene are labeled identified as ‘CIS’ followed by the chromosome, the peak location of the Gaussian kernel and the kernel size. 
Gene ID Total insertions Insertions in severe tumors 1 Sample specific P -value. 
Genes over-represented in tumors with severe pathology. 
Tumors showing severe atypia, moderate dysplasia or severe dysplasia. 
Patient characteristics (N = 58). 
Gene SNP Restriction Enzyme Primers. 
Characteristics of the PCR-RFLP methods used. 
Gene Genotype  N. 
Distribution of gene polymorphisms. 
CALU-3 HCT116  WT ERL-R GEF-R VAN-R WT ERL-R GEF-R VAN-R. 
Family Virus Process. 
Function of membrane rafts in enveloped DNA viruses. 
Family Virus Process. 
Function of membrane rafts in enveloped RNA viruses. 
Family Virus Process. 
Function of membrane rafts in nonenveloped DNA viruses. 
Family Virus Process. 
Function of membrane rafts in nonenveloped RNA viruses. 
Class of products Drug name Target Malignancies showing promising results. 
Summary of some of the most promising drugs currently under investigation, with their target molecule and more promising diseases of application. 
Abbreviations used in the table:. 
APC: antigen presenting Cell,. 
B-CLL: B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia,. 
CRC: coloRectal carcinoma,. 
EGFR: epidermal growth factor Receptor,. 
HCC: hepatocellular carcinoma,. 
HSP90: heat shock protein 90,. 
NSCLC: non-small-cell lung carcinoma,. 
VEGF: vascular epidermal growth factor,. 
*This agent as most of the others may also be used in combination with TAA-based vaccines, cytokines, and chemotherapy. 
Agent Target Year Phase Patients CR (%) PR (%) SD (%) RR (%) PFS (months) TTP (months) OS (months) Authors Reference number. 
Study results of molecular-targeted agents for hepatocellular carcinoma. 
CR: complete response; PR: partial response; SD: stable disease; RR: response rate; PFS: progression-free survival; TTP: time to progression; OS: overall survival; NR: not reported. 
Acronym Phase Active arm Control arm Design of the clinical trials. 
Ongoing clinical trials using molecular-targeted agents for hepatocellular carcinoma. 
Markers References. 
Markers for cancer stem cell of HCC in recent reports. 
Location Number of lung cancer cases Cell type Smoking status Calculated risk Dosage Reference. 
Studies exhibiting associations between arsenic exposition and cell types of lung cancer. 
†Data from patients from the Blackfoot Disease area in Taiwan. 
SCC: small cell carcinoma; NA: data not available; SMR: standardized mortality rate; OR: odds ratios. 
Ras Rab Rho Sec Arf Rad Ran RheS Rit. 
The Ras superfamily of small GTPases. The RasGTPase superfamily is divided into 9 families of small GTP-binding proteins on the basis of sequence and functional similarities (modified from [ 7 ]). 
Genotype Total number ommatidia Ommatidium cell size (?m2) % numbera % cell sizeb. 
Genetic interaction between Myc and components of insulin and target of rapamycin signaling. 
Standard deviations (±) are calculated based on the total number of the animals (reported in parenthesis); aPercentage of increase in size compared to relative control (100); b Percentage increase in cell number compared to relative control (100); p-values calculated using a Student t test: * P < 0.001; ** P < 0.05; n.d. = not determined. Of note: overexpression of PTEN in ey-dm P0/Y animals resulted in a misshaped eye phenotype (Figure 4A, Panel c') with a 98% penetrance, which might have led to an underestimation of the total number of ommatidia and therefore affected our statistical analysis. 
Characteristic Patients. 
Baseline patient characteristics, N = 35, TMZ - temozolomide. 
Factor p-value (unadjusted, log-rank) Hazard ratio 95%-CI. 
Univariate analysis on potential prognostic factors for overall survival after primary diagnosis, ns - not significant, CI - confidence interval, meth - methylated. 
Trial Phase/setting Primary endpoint Treatment (number patients) ORR PFS Overall survival Comment. 
Summary of key GIST trials in metastatic and adjuvant setting. 
Notes: Median progression free survival;. 
5 year overall survival;. 
1 year progression free survival;. 
median overall survival;. 
1 year overall survival;. 
1 year RFS;. 
1 year overall survival;. 
5 year RFS;. 
5 year OS. 
Selected agents under study and their main targets. 
Symbol Fold change Entrez gene name     D1 D2 D3 . 
Top up-regulated genes (common to all datasets). 
Symbol Fold change Entrez gene name     D1 D2 D3 . 
Top down-regulated genes (common to all datasets). 
Category P -value. 
Top molecular and cellular functions that are associated with commonly dysregulated genes. 
Symbol Entrez gene name Type. 
GLI1/GLI2 downstream genes commonly differentially expressed in all three datasets. 
Note: Up-regulated genes. 
GLI1/2 downstream not GLI1/2 downstream . 
Contingency table for GLI1/GLI2 downstream molecules. 
Note: 8881 is the total number of genes presented on the Affymetrix chips that have biological annotations in IPA. 
Strain Genotype Source/reference. 
PlantGDB EST No. Putative function Fold change (log2) a   PmA Han Cha. 
6 h TPM?0 h TPM;. 
Ta, PUT-163b-Triticum_aestivum; PmA, PmAm6/Beijing837 BC5F3; Han, Hanxuan10; Cha, Chadianhong. 
ArrayExpress or GEO accession Condition Time course Fold change cut-off a Common genes Reference. 
As used by the authors or selected to make a dataset of a reasonable size. 
GO terms Percent of total transcripts H2O2 over representation P value FDR  This Study ATH1   . 
PlantGDB EST Annotation Class H2O2 treatment Bgt inoculation    PmA a Han a Cha a PmA b PmA b Bj b. 
Fold change detected by mRNA tag profiling (6 h TPM?0 h TPM);. 
Fold change determined by real time PCR (6 h?0 h);. 
Ta, PUT-163b-Triticum_aestivum;. 
Standard error shown here indicates three biological repeats; Bolded numbers represent co-activation or co-suppression;. 
indicates that the change is statistically insignificant. 
Compounds Dock Score a MLR SVM. 
: scores adapted from Sun et al. [21] . 
: control. 
Number Description. 
RF: rheumatoid factor; anti-CCP: anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibodies; ESR: erythrocyte sedimentation rate; CRP: C-reactive protein. 
Categorical variables are given as %; normally distributed data are given in mean ± SD; other continuous variables are given in median (range). 
Disease anti-BRAF positive (%) anti-P25 positive (%) anti-BRAF positive & anti-p25 negative anti-BRAF negative & anti-p25 positive. 
Since the anti-p25 was not test in all the patients and health controls, the results we list in the last two columns were from the participants that both anti-BRAF and anti-p25 were tested. 
Anti-BRAF catalytic domain p Anti-P25 p  Positive Negative  Positive Negative . 
RF: rheumatoid factor; anti-CCP: anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibodies; ESR: erythrocyte sedimentation rate; CRP: C-reactive protein. 
Categorical variables are given as %; normally distributed data are given in mean ± SD; other continuous variables are given in median (range). Recent onset disease is defined as disease duration of less than 2 years. 
miRNA Targets Biological effects of dysregulation Comments on dysregulation. 
Important miRNAs significantly dysregulated by cigarette smoke and implicated in carcinogenesis [ 8 , 14 , 32 , 36 ]. 
Hypermethylated genes in prostate cancer. 
First author Year Location Histology Age(y) Sample size(n) p16 methylation in smoker p16 methylation in nonsmoker. 
Gene product Accession number (GI) BLASTX (Fungi); E-value M E2:Control (Ratio)     Hours Hours  0 4 12 24 72 144 216. 
Geometric mean of linear values from microarray data; E2 (17?-estradiol) vs Controls (untreated control plus ethanol-treated control), M: Mycelia. 1: Energy production, 2: Yeast genes 3: Mycelial genes, 4: Transporters, 5: Heat-shock response. 
*Mitochondrial encoded gene. GI: GenBank accession number from www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov . BLASTX expect value ?1e-04 was considered significant. 
Gene product Accession number (GI) BLASTX (Fungi); E-value M E2:Control (Ratio)     Hours Hours  0 4 12 24 72 144 216. 
Geometric mean of linear values from microarray data; E2 (17?-estradiol) vs Controls (untreated control plus ethanol-treated control), M: Mycelia. 6: Oxidative stress, 7: Ribosomal proteins, 8: Ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation, 9: Signal transduction, 10: RNA processing, 11: Chromatin structure, 12: Others. GI: GenBank accession number from www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov . BLASTX expect value ?1e-04 was considered significant. 
Gene name Sequence 5? to 3? GI no. 
Contigs/singlets Size (bp) Pb01 (BLASTX)  Other fungi (BLASTX) (taxid: 4511)    GI E-value GI E-value. 
Sequenced clones showing sequence similarities with retrotransposon elements are subjected to Sequencher software that resulted in 4 contigs and 4 singlets. GI: GenBank accession number from www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov . BLASTX expect value ?1e-04 was considered significant. 
CRL5800 CRL5807 CRL5810 CRL5872 HTB182 CRL5928 CRL5869. 
Beas2B T/U CRL5800 T/U CRL5807 T/U CRL5810 T/U CRL5872 T/U HTB182 T/U CRL5928 T/U CRL5869 T/U. 
T/U: treated with polyI:C versus untreated cells. 
Cell Line Vemurafinib sensitive/resistance origin Main oncogenic events. 
Taxon GPCRs Hedgehog JAK/STAT pathway NHRs NOTCH RTKs TGF-? WNT Sum for eight pathways All genes. 
Taxonomic distribution of gene duplications, focusing on eight developmental pathwaysa. 
aPhylogenetic timing associates Vertebrata and Bilateria with the highest numbers of duplications (in bold). Total associated with a given taxon is given in the last column and underlined. Table rows are sorted according to taxonomic ranks (kingdom, phylum, class, order, family, genus, and species). Duplication numbers for all components of the eight selected pathways are given. GPCRs, G protein-coupled receptors; JAK/STAT, Janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription; nuclear hormone receptors (NHRs); RTKs, receptor tyrosine kinases; TGF-?, transforming growth factor-?. 
TreeFam ID Number of duplication nodes Description. 
Top 20 gene families expanded in the course of 2Ra. 
aFamilies which underwent expansion consist predominantly of genes encoding TFs and signalling proteins. 2R, two rounds; MMTV, mouse mammary tumor virus. 
ID P value Description. 
Top 20 biological processes associated with 2ROsa. 
aSignal transduction is the top overrepresented term: Almost three quarters of human genes associated with this term are marked as 2R-ohnologs (2ROs). P values derive from the hypergeometric test with conditional correction taking into account the hierarchical structure of ontologies. 
Domain name Pfam ID P value. 
Pfam domains overrepresented in gene duplications associated with 2Ra. 
aAll Pfam domains overrepresented in gene duplications associated with 2ROs at the P value cutoff of 0.0001 can be linked with signal transduction. P values derive from the hypergeometric test. EGF, epidermal growth factor; PH domain, pleckstrin homology domain (PH domain); SH3, Src homology 3; SH2, Src homology 2; ig-like, plexins, transcription factors (IPT/TIG); phosphotyrosine-binding domain/phosphotyrosine interaction domain (PTB/PID). 
Ancestral bilaterian gene TreeFam ID Vertebrate paralogs. 
Vertebrate-specific cyclin isoformsa. 
aAll cyclin subfamilies are represented by two to four vertebrate-specific paralogs. Cyclins A, B and D are key cell cycle regulators. Cyclin D provides the link between the cell cycle and the signal transduction machinery. 
Paralogs and network connectivity: Outdegree, indegree and betweennessa. 
aPalogs linked with different taxons are mapped to the human cancer signalling map (HCSM). The entire network, as well as the subnetworks consisting of only positive, negative or scaffolding edges, are considered. The overlap between duplication sets of different ages and HCSM subnetworks is given in parentheses in the first column. In the remaining columns, following the value of the metric (outdegree, indegree or betweenness) calculated for the test subgraph, numbers in square brackets denote (1) the average value of the given metric calculated for 1,000 random subgraphs and (2) the number of 1,000 random subgraphs for which the given metric had lower value than for the test subgraph (the difference is significant at the P value cutoff of 0.05 if this number is lower than 50 or higher than 950, and in these cases the numbers are underlined. 
Paralogous gene pairs and conservation of signalling network connectivity: Shared edges and average degree differencea. 
aParalogous gene pairs linked with different taxons are mapped to the human cancer signalling map (HCSM). The entire network, as well as the subnetworks consisting of only positive, negative or scaffolding edges, is considered. The overlap between pair sets of different ages and HCSM subnetworks is given in parentheses in the first column. In the second column, the number of shared edges versus the total is given (as the ratio and the resulting percentage value, calculated for the total set of paralogs). In the third column, the average difference in degree between such node pairs is given. 
Triad expression Tetrapoda and younger Chordata 2ROs Evolutionary interpretation. 
Duplication triads and patterns of expression subfunctionalisation and neofunctionalisationa. 
aWe quantified triads depending on brain expression status of a pair of human duplicated genes mapped to unique fly ortholog, depending on timing of duplication ("b" denotes PBE, "nb" denotes lack thereof). PBE, preferential brain expression. 
Control MSG TFA TFA+MSG P-Value. 
Body characteristics. 
abc Uncommon letters indicate difference in means between diet groups within a row (P-value <0.05). 
Differences between genders within a diet group for each variable are denoted by *,** and *** for p-values <0.05, <0.01 & <0.001. 
Ingredients (g/100g dietary weight) Control MSG TFA TFA+MSG. 
Composition of experimental diets. 
Caption: Table 2: Diet composition. 
Receptor Ligands binding IIIb IIIc. 
Ligand-binding pattern of FGFR IIIb and IIIc isoforms [ 8 ]. 
MicroRNA Source Target mRNA Affected pathway and final effect Reference. 
Aberrant miRNA expression in autoimmune rheumatic diseases. 
CDK2, cyclin-dependent kinase 2; DNMT1, DNA methyltransferase 1; IRAK1, IL-1 receptor-associated kinase 1; LPS, lipopolysaccharide; MCP-1, monocyte chemoattractant protein 1; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; PBMC, peripheral blood mononuclear cell; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; RA, rheumatoid arthritis; RANTES, Regulated upon activation, normal T-cell expressed, and secreted; RASGRP1, RAS guanyl-releasing protein 1; SS, Sjögren's syndrome; TGF, transforming growth factor; TRAF6, TNF receptor-associated factor 6. 
Gene therapy strategies for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. 
Key features of gene therapy viral vectors. 
Characteristics of chronically activated T lymphocytes in the synovium of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. 
Characteristics of CD4+ T cells chronically exposed to tumour necrosis factor. 
CD44 Expression in the Normal Gastric Epithelium. 
ND, not done. 
*v9+v8 and or v7; †Immunocytochemistry, ‡Only expressed in H. pylori infectio; §RT-PCR. 
Expression of CD44 or CD44 Splice Variants in Gastric Cancer. 
IT, intestinal-type cancer; DT, diffuse-type cancer. 
Expression of CD44v6 and the Clinicopathologic Characteristics of Gastric Cancer. 
Gene Accession No. Mutation Protein Function *. 
*Gene Ontology (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/GOA/). 
G-protein, the guanine nucleotide-binding protein; IPMN, intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm. 
    IPMN PDA P   Total 118 32  . 
*P values of Fisher's exact test. 
†P values of ANOVA. Gs?, G-protine alpha subunit; IPMN, intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm; PDA, pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; PKA, protein kinase A. 
    Total GNAS P KRAS P Gs? P Phosphorylated substrates of PKA P       Wild Mutant   Wild Mutant   Low Mod High   Low Mod High  . 
*P values of Fisher's exact test. 
†P values of ANOVA. GAS, gastric type; Gs?, G-protein alpha subunit; INT, intestinal type; IPMN, intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm; ONC, oncocytic type; PB, pancreatobiliary type; PKA, protein kinase A; UICC, Union for International Cancer Control. 
S. cerevisiae S. pombe C. albicans D. discoideum A. thaliana C. elegans D. melanogaster Mammals. 
Orthologs listed are from Saccharomyces cerevisiae , Schizosaccharomyces pombe , Candida albicans , Dictyostelium discoideum , Arabidopsis thaliana , Caenorhabditis elegans , Dictyostelium melanogaster , and mammals. P-POD: Princeton Protein Orthology Database/BLAST. We note that TORC2 appears to be absent in plants, e.g., A. thaliana . —, no demonstrated/obvious ortholog. 
Protein Size Motifs/domains Potential function. 
Protein Size Motifs/domains Potential function. 
Described in Dubouloz et al. (2005) , Hou et al. (2005) , and references therein. 
Protein Size Motifs/domains Potential function. 
Data for this table were obtained from Cybulski and Hall (2009) . 
genes Forward primer (5'...3') Reverse primer (5'...3'). 
Primer sequences for real-time PCR. 
Parameter n pSTAT3 positive expression, n (%) p value. 
Correlation of pSTAT3 expression in moncytes with clinicopathological parameters from HCC patients (n = 113). 
Group n Positive expression of pSTAT3 protein, n      tumor/liver cells n monocytes. 
Expression of pSTAT3 in HCC and adjacent non-tumour tissue specimens. 
* P < 0.001. 
Monocyte expression of pSTAT3 Tumor cell expression of pSTAT3    Negative Positive. 
Correlation analysis of pSTAT3 expression between in tumor cell and monocyte in HCC. 
* P < 0.001, rs = 0.440. 
Species Protein Gene Alternative gene names Localization Tissues. 
Potential hepatic REHs and their orthologs in mouse, rat, and humans. 
Genes of highest sequence similarity, orthologs not yet specified. 
  Mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) Cell line Control EGFR HER-2 HER-3 HER-4. 
Abbreviation: EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Breast cancer cell lines SKBR3, MDA-MB468 and MCF-7 were used as positive controls for HER-2/HER-3, EGFR and HER-4 receptors, respectively. 
  IC 50 value     Cell line Erlotinib Afatinib Gemcitabine Afatinib+gemcitabine combination index (effect) Erlotinib+gemcitabine combination index (effect). 
Abbreviations: N/A=not available; IC50=50% inhibitory concentration; SRB=Sulforhodamine B. 
Interpretation of the results was based on the proposed descriptions for presenting the degrees of antagonism or synergism by Calcusyn software. 
Cell line/treatment Sub-G1 G0/G1 S G2/M. 
Each population is expressed as a percentage of gated cells. 
  NCI-H2052 NCI-H2452 NCI-H28 MSTO-211H. 
Abbreviations: DHFR=dihydrofolate reductase; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; ERCC1=excision-repair cross-complementing-group-1; FPGS=folyl-polyglutamate synthetase; GARFT=glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase; MPM=malignant pleural mesothelioma; MTHFR=methylene-tetrahydrofolate reductase; nd=not detectable; RFC=reduced folate carrier; TS=thymidylate synthase; Wt=wild-type; XPD=xeroderma-pigmentosum group-D; VEGFR=vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; cDNA=complementary DNA. 
Relative mRNA expression levels were expressed in arbitrary units and normalised to ? -actin, using a method with standard curves derived from serial dilutions from a reference cDNA obtained from Quantitative-PCR Human-Reference Total-RNA. 
Drugs Drug targets H2052 H2452 H28 MSTO-211H. 
Abbreviations: DHFR=dihydrofolate reductase; DMSO=dimethyl sulfoxide; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; GARFT=glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase; MTT=3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide; PDGF=platelet-derived growth factor; PKC ? =protein kinase C ? ; RET=rearranged during transfection; SRB=sulforhodamine B; TS=thymidylate synthase; VEGFR=vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; MPM=malignant pleural mesothelioma. 
Notes: The drugs were dissolved in DMSO or sterile water and diluted in culture medium before use. IC50 concentrations were calculated as mean values±s.e.m. of at least three independent MTT or SRB experiments. 
Cells Treatment G0/G1 phase (%) S phase (%) G2/M phase (%) Apoptotic index (%). 
* P <0.05 with respect to control cells, ** P <0.05 with respect to pemetrexed+carboplatin-treated cells. 
Treatment Sc % AAR  X S Md X S Md. 
, The median values of the TSA and control groups differ significantly from each other at the P0.05 level (Mann-Whitney test); AAR, average absorption ratio; Md, median: S, standard deviation; Sc %, relative condensed chromatin area; TSA, trichostatin A; X, arithmetic mean; n, 100. 
Treatment Sc% AAR time (h) Drug X S Md X S Md. 
, The median values of the VPA group and the respective control for each treatment time differ significantly from each other at the P 0.05 level (Mann-Whitney test); AAR, average absorption ratio; Md, median; S, standard deviation; Sc %, relative condensed chromatin area; VPA, valproic acid; X, arithmetic mean; n, 200. 
Treatment Sc% AAR time (h) Drug X S Md X S Md. 
, The median values of the VPA groups and their respective control for each treatment time differ significantly from each at the P 0.05 level (Mann-Whitney test); AAR, average absorption ratio; Md, median; S, standard deviation; Sc %, relative condensed chromatin area; VPA, valproic acid; X, arithmetic mean; n, 200. 
Treatment Sc% AAR time (h) Drug X S Md X S Md. 
, The median values of the VPA groups and their respective control for each treatment time differ significantly at the P 0.05 level (Mann-Whitney test); AAR, average absorption ratio; Md, median; S, standard deviation; Sc %, relative condensed chromatin area; VPA, valproic acid; X, arithmetic mean; n, 200. 
Treatment AT (arbitrary units) ST (µm2) time (h) VPA (mM) X S Md X S Md. 
, The median values of the VPA groups differ significantly from each other and from their respective control (zero,. 
) at the P 0.05 level (Mann-Whitney test). 
AT, nuclear DNA content; Md, median; S, standard deviation; ST, nuclear area; VPA, valproic acid; n, 200 cells per experimental condition. 
Treatment TUNEL positive response (%) time (h) Drug Concentration Total Strong Moderate Weak. 
, VPA- or TSA-treated groups differ significantly from their respective controls (zero,. 
) at the P 0.05 level (Mann-Whitney test); TSA, trichostatin A; VPA, valproic acid; n, 1000 cells per experimental condition. 
New therapeutic approaches under evaluation to overcome Trastuzumab refractoriness in ErbB2-driven breast cancers. 
List of the primers and the expected size of PCR products with these primer pairs. 
Number shRNA 19mer identified Matching gene Full gene name Hairpin identity Number of hairpins out of 300 Percentage of hairpins Described before? Reference. 
Summary of genes corresponding to the hairpins identified in the ES cell screen. 
The total number of hairpins was 234 (78%), with other hairpins numbering 66 (22%), for a grand total of 300 (100%). 
Stage Number of samples Mp1 positive Fraction. 
Summary of Mp1 stainings on human GCT samples. 
Model node # edge # <k> CPL d <CC> Reference. 
“<k>” denotes the average connectivity, “CPL” stands for critical path length, “d” is diameter and “<CC>” is the average clustering coefficient value. 
To Sir2p To Gts1p  # of paths # of proteins # of UP's * CPC ** (%) OPC *** (%) # of paths # of proteins # of UP's * CPC ** (%) OPC *** (%). 
*UP's: Unique proteins, designate proteins solely present in the linear path spectra starting with the mentioned input protein. 
**CPC: Core protein coverage, is the percent ratio of the core proteins present in the linear path spectra of the specific input-output pair over those of tCAN. 
***OPC: Overall protein coverage, is the percent ratio of the proteins present in the linear path spectra of the specific input-output pair over those of tCAN. 
maxlife span meanlife span p-value(max life span) p-value (mean life span). 
Strain Genotype Source. 
Transcription factor Sequences pulled down using anti-Ubx antibodies Randomly selected sequences Entire non-coding genome Fold change in frequency p -value. 
Reads in CGIs Percent in total reads Mapped CGIs Percent (mapped CGIs/total CGIs) Sequence coverage. 
Commonly hypermethylated in resistant cells Names A2780CP * A2780 * Ratios Data from Li et al. (GSM385747) ** Descriptions. 
*rpm, reads per million. 
**log2 ratios. 
Pathways (number of genes mapped) Genes. 
chr. start end A2780CP * A2780 * locations Names Descriptions. 
*rpm, reads per million. 
Isoform Human gene locus Coupling components Major distribution sites Related disorders. 
Characteristics of NOX isoforms. 
Receptor Ligand Cell type Phosphorylated References    Gab1 Gab2 Gab3 . 
Gabs are associated with multiple common hematopoietic receptors, RTK: receptor tyrosine kinase. 
NR: not reported. 
Cancer Gab activator Gab1 Gab2. 
Gab1 and Gab2 are activated by kinases, oncoproteins, and other adaptors in cancer cells. 
Cells Expression (%) Adhesion Apoptosis VLA-4 VLA-5 Syndecan-4 +TNIIIA2 +Mg2+ +TNIIIA2 +Mg2+. 
Expression level of cell adhesion-relating molecules (VLA-4, 5, and syndecan-4) and induced cell adhesion or apoptosis by TNIIIA2 or Mg2+ administration in fresh AML cells from patients, peripheral blood cells from healthy adults, and hematopoietic tumor cell lines (the table was modified from [ 19 ]). 
Expression of VLA-4, 5 and syndecan-4 was evaluated by flowcytometric analysis. 
AHR Mechanisms Types Stimuli. 
Stimuli used to assess airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR) in vivo . 
Types of mediators Actions Stimuli. 
Contractile and relaxant mediators for ASM. 
MLCK/MLCP balance Extracellular factors Intracellular factors Actions Consequences References. 
Excitation/contraction coupling in ASM cells. 
A: active; C: contracting; CaMKII: calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase; CPI-17: 17-kDa PKC-potentiated inhibitory protein of PP1; C/EBP ? : CCAAT/enhancer binding protein ? ; Derp1: house dust mite allergen; HSP: heat shock protein; I: inhibit; IL-13: interleukin-13; LPS: lipopolysaccharide; MAPK: mitogen-activated protein kinase; MLCK: myosin light chain kinase; MLCP: myosin light chain phosphatase; PDE4D: phosphodiesterase 4D, cAMP-specific; PKA: cAMP-dependent protein kinase A; PKC ? : protein kinase C ? ; PKG: cGMP-dependent protein kinase G; R: relaxing; PP1: protein phosphatase 1; TNF- ? : tumor necrosis factor ? . 
Factors References. 
Mediators secreted and immunomodulatory proteins expressed by human ASM cells. 
Classification References. 
Mitogenic factors for human ASM cells. 
Factors References. 
Promigratory factors for human ASM cells. 
Pathogen Effector Activity Host targets Pathway Phenotype Reference. 
Effectors manipulating host kinase signaling. 
No Gene Primer. 
Sequences of primers used in Real Time PCR. 
Dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitors Pure PI3K inhibitors. 
BW – twice weekly; QD – once daily; BD – twice daily; 21/7 – 21 days on, 7 days off; CDD – continuous daily dosing; MTD – maximum tolerated dose; MAD – maximum administered dose; AST – aspartate transaminase; ALT – alanine transaminase; AE – adverse event; NHL – non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; MCL – mantle cell lymphoma; CLL – chronic lymphocytic leukemia. 
Drug Target/s Acquired PD biomarker Comments / findings Skin Hair PBMC / plasma Tumor FDG-PET. 
PD – pharmacodynamic; PBMC – peripheral blood mononuclear cell; FDG-PET – fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography. 
Target Agent Study Population Combination Clinical Trial. 
Legend: HER2 - human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; HR - hormone receptor; NHL – non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; CLL – chronic lymphocytic leukemia. 
Up-regulated Down-regulated Primary Metabolic Process Gene Primary Metabolic Process Gene. 
GBM expression array data was obtained from TCGA ( http://tcgadata.nci.nih.gov/tcga/dataAccessMatrix.htm?mode=ApplyFilter&showMatrix=false ). In Brief, array files from TCGA batch 8 (HG-U133A Affymetrix Array platform) which contains 25 GBM samples (group1) and 10 Normal brain samples (group2) were imported into Affymetrix Gene Expression Console. Normal brain and GBMs were compared against each other for differential gene expression using significance analysis of microarrays (SAM) (False Discovery Rate of 10% and a minimum fold change of 2). Genes of various metabolic processes from the significantly identified gene list were extracted using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis. This analysis does not discern differentially expressed genes at the protein level, protein modifications or mutations. See Supplemental Table for TCGA sample ID's used in this review. 
Compound Structure/Sequence Target Mode of Action Reference. 
Sensitivity to Inhibitors  Mechanism Study BRAF MEK BRAF + MEK PI3K + RAF/MEK. 
The sensitivity of each resistant cell line model to BRAF inhibitor alone (BRAF), MEK inhibitor alone (MEK), the combination of a BRAF and MEK inhibitor (BRAF+MEK), and the combination of a PI3K inhibitor and either a RAF or MEK inhibitor (PI3K+RAF/MEK) is shown. For each condition, resistant cell line models are designated as sensitive (+), insensitive (-), or not tested (NT). Inhibition of proliferation without induction of apoptosis is designated as (+/?). 
Effects of Activated Akt-1 Expression on Chemotherapeutic and Hormonal Drugs and Signal Transduction Inhibitors IC50s. 1. 
1Determined by MTT analysis as presented in Figures 1 and 2 . 
2IC50 for MCF-7 cells. 
3Comparisons to value obtained in MCF-7 cells. - = baseline with MCF-7 cells or no difference compared to MCF-7 cells. X? = fold increase in IC50. X? = fold decrease in IC50. 
Effects of Combination of Chemotherapeutic, Hormone Based and Signal Transduction Inhibitors IC50s. 1. 
1 Determined by MTT analysis as presented in Figures 3 , 4 & 5 . 
2 Comparison with identical cell line treated the same day with just single chemotherapeutic- or hormone based drug, averages of 3 experiments (See Figures 4 and 5 for examples). - = no difference compared to same cell line. X? = fold increase in IC50. X? = fold decrease in IC50. 
INHIBITOR *IC50 REFERENCE. 
characteristic  number (%). 
Similarities AML in older patients * t-AML **. 
Similarities between elderly and therapy-related AML. 
Compared to AML in younger patients. 
Compared to de novo AML. 
Adhesion-Migration Ref Seq Gene ID Gene Name Fold Change. 
genotype % multivulva ± s.d. (n) a  20°C 25°C. 
Animals were scored as Muv if any ventral ectopic protrusions were observed. For each strain, animals were scored on three separate days, and % multivulva shown is the average for those three days. SD, standard deviation. n, total number of animals scored. 
These animals were also heterozygous for dpy-17(e164) and unc-32(e189) and descended from lin-3(n4441) homozygous parents. 
These animals were also heterozygous for dpy-5(e61) and descended from dpy-5(e61); lin-3(n4441); lin-15B(n744) parents. 
Lva, larval arrest. Animals arrested as larvae, precluding the assaying of vulval development. 
genotype % multivulva (n) a. 
Animals were scored as Muv if any ventral ectopic protrusions were observed. n, total number of animals scored. 
syIs12 is an integrated transgene expressing the lin-3 EGF domain under the control of a heat-shock promoter [38] . Animals were assayed in the absence of heat-shock. 
genotype n a Anchor cell Germline Pharynx Leaky b. 
The average number of copies of lin-3 mRNA observed in each tissue and the standard deviation between animals is shown. 
n, total number of animals assayed. 
lin-3 mRNA observed outside of the normal domain of expression of lin-3 . 
miRNA Fold GF vs. Conv Adjusted P-values Genomic Location Mature miRNA Sequence (5' - 3') Homology. 
Differentially expressed microRNA in germ-free versus conventional mice . Real-time PCR analysis of the global expression of microRNAs in the caecum of germ-free (GF) (n=3) versus conventional (CONV) mice (n=3). Fold-change and statistical significance were calculated after mean expression value normalization. Statistical significance is based on Bayes-moderated t-test with a FDR of 20%. In total 18 transcripts were found to be differentially expressed between the two groups with 16 unique mature microRNAs (Y1 is a rat endogenous small RNA). Fold change corresponds to the ratio of mean expression of the microRNA in GF mice to mean expression in CONV mice. Values < 1 indicate lower expression in GF (down-regulated in GF mice compared to CONV mice), whereas values > 1 indicate higher expression in GF (up-regulated in GF mice compared to CONV mice). Genomic locations and corresponding microRNA sequences (5' - 3') are based on miRBase version 16. Homology of microRNA sequences between diverse species is derived from miRviewer (last updated November 9, 2008). 
Group WT + Vehicle (n=6) WT + Telmi (n=6) Cav-1-/- +Vehicle (n=6) Cav-1-/- + Telmi (n=6). 
Left ventricular cardiomyocyte width (?m), left ventricular collagen deposition in cardiac interstitium and perivascular regions from the 4 different groups of mice in the study. 
Data are mean+/- SEM, n= 6 mice per group,. 
p < 0.05 compared to WT mice and. 
p < 0.05 compared to Cav-1-/-. 
Age (mo) Date 9 June, 2008 20 May, 2009 23 Aug, 2009 33 July, 2010. 
Chronologic HIES scoring. 
NIH score: unlikely, < 20; indeterminate, 20-40; suggestive of AD-HIES, > 40. 
STAT3 score: possible, > 30+IgE ? 1,000 IU/ml, probable: > 30+IgE ? 1,000 IU/ml + low Th17 and/or positive F.Hx; definitive, > 30+IgE ? 1,000 IU/ml + heterozygous STAT3 mutation. 
Mutation Inheritance Cases reported Clinical distinctive characteristics Management. 
Clinical and management features of different forms of HIES. 
clinical- pathological characteristic Copy number Expression    Positive, N/% Negative, N/% P value Positive, N/% Negative, N/% P value. 
Summary of the relationship between EGFR copy number, expression, and the patients' clinical-pathological characteristics. 
aP values (two-sided) calculated using Pearson's chi-square test. 
bP values (two-sided) calculated using Fisher's exact test. 
cP values (two-sided) calculated using Continuity Correction of Pearson's chi-square test. 
$Pearson's chi-square test for stage 0-II and III- IV vs. EGFR status. 
&Fisher's exact test for invasive ductal carcinoma and other types vs. EGFR status. 
^Pearson's chi-square test for luminal subtypes and other subtypes vs. EGFR status. 
#Grade II and III vs. EGFR status. 
DCIS, ductal carcinoma in-situ; LCIS, lobular carcinoma in-situ; IDC, invasive ductal carcinoma; ILC, invasive lobular carcinoma; ER, estrogen receptor; PR, progesterone receptor; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2; Ki-67, Ki-67 proliferation index; LUMA, luminal A; LUMB (HER2-NEG), luminal B (HER2-negative); LUMB (HER2-POS), luminal B (HER2-positive); UC, unclassified. 
Expression Amplification P value    Positive Negative . 
Correlation of EGFR gene amplification and protein expression. 
$ P values (two-sided) calculated using Pearson's chi-square test. 
E5 LR HPV-6 HR HPV-16 BPV-1 BPV-4. 
Comparison of function of HPV E5 proteins with BPV E5 proteins. 
FF: focus formation; SI: serum independence; AI: anchorage independence. +: presence of function; -: absence of function; n.e.: not established. 
Cells showing receptor (%) Condition Nucleus Plasma membrane. 
Localization of ER? in MCF-7 cells. 
Data are mean ± SEM from three experiments, derived from counting 200 MCF-7 cells per condition in each of the separate experiments. 
a p < 0.05 by ANOVA plus Schefe's test for nucleus vs. plasma membrane. 
Distribution of selected variables between non-small cell lung cancer patient and control subjects. 
SD: standard deviation. 
p -value was revealed by two-sides Chi-square test. 
miR-196a allelic and genotype frequencies between non-small cell lung cancer patient and control subjects and their association with non-small cell lung cancer risks. 
p -value was revealed by two-sides Chi-square test. 
1Adjusted for age, sex, and smoking status. 
mTOR inhibitors Origination Development status Potential use for the tumor types Action mechanism. 
Taxonomy and species Common name/description Source database (version) Predicted number of protein genes Number of DYRKs. 
Gene Primer name Sequence 5' ? 3' Annealing temperature Exons Product length. 
Primer sequences used for HMG-CoA reductase and ?-actin. 
Clinical and pathologic character ? 1 -AR expression score ? 2 -AR expression score. 
The relationship between ?-AR expression and clinical-pathologic character. 
* P < 0.05 Analysed by Chi-square test. 
  E-cadherin expression N-cadherin expression   Total High Low P -value Positive Negative P -value. 
Abbreviations: A=arterial invasion; diff.=differentiated; Du=duodenal invasion; E-cadherin=epithelial cadherin; EHCC=extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma; Ginf=gall bladder invasion; Hinf=hepatic invasion; ly=lymphatic invasion; N-cadherin=neural cadherin; Panc=pancreatic invasion; PV=portal vein invasion; v=vessel invasion. 
Risk factor Reference factor P -value Hazard ratio 95% CI. 
Abbreviations: A=arterial invasion; CI=confidence interval; E-cadherin=epithelial cadherin; Hinf=hepatic invasion; ly=lymphatic invasion; N-cadherin=neural cadherin; Pv=portal vein invasion; v=vessel invasion. 
  Wnt inhbitors   Characteristics Methylated a Non-methylated P -value. 
Abbreviations: AML=acute myeloid leukaemia; FAB=French-American-British; Hb=haemoglobin; LDH=lactate dehydrogenase; Plt=platelet; WBC=white blood cell. 
Hypermethylation of at least one Wnt inhibitor. 
Median (range). 
No of patients (%). 
Variables a Wnt b SFRP c SFRP1 SFRP2 SFRP5 DKK1 Wif1. 
Abbreviations: blank=no significant association; LDH=lactate dehydrogenase; plt=platelet; +=positive association ( P -value); ?=negative association ( P -value). 
No significant correlation of hypermethylation of Wnt inhibitors with age and haemoglobin level, which were not shown in this table. 
Hypermethylation of any Wnt inhibitors including SFRP , Wif-1 , and DKK1 . 
Hypermethylation of any SFRP gene including SFRP1 , SFRP2 , SFRP4 , and SFRP5 . 
Gender (correlation with male); white blood cells, blast, platelet, and LDH (correlation with high level). 
  No. of patients (%)   No. of patients (%)   No. of patients (%)   No of patients (%)     Wnt methylated b Wnt unmethylated   SFRP methylated c SFRP unmethylated   SFRP1 methylated SFRP1 unmethylated   SFRP2 methylated SFRP2 unmethylated     N =158 N =102 P -value N =101 N =159 P -value N =82 N =178 P -value N =47 N =213 P -value. 
No significant correlation between hypermethylation of Wnt inhibitors and +8, +11, +13, +21, -7/7q?, and -5/5q?, which were not shown in this table. 
The P -value was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation corrected for multiple hypothesis testing (each with 10?000 simulations and with a prior type-I error ? =0.01). 
Two hundred and sixty patients, including 158 Wnt- methylated and 102 Wnt -unmethylated patients, had chromosome data at diagnosis. Hypermethylation of SFRP4 was not included in the table because only 1.5% of patients had this change. 
Hypermethylation of any Wnt inhibitor including SFRP , Wif-1 , and DKK1. 
Hypermethylation of any SFRP inhibitor including SFRP1 , SFRP2 , SFRP4 , and SFRP5. 
Favourable, t(15;17), t(8;21), inv (16) ; unfavourable, -7, del(7q), -5, del(5q), 3q abnormality, complex abnormalities; Intermediate, normal karyotype and other abnormalities. 
  No. of patients (%)   No. of patients (%)   No. of patients (%)   No of Patients (%)     Wnt b methylated Wnt unmethylated   SFRP c methylated SFRP unmethylated   SFRP1 methylated SFRP1 unmethylated   SFRP2 methylated SFRP2 unmethylated     N =166 N =103 P -value N =108 N =161 P -value N =85 N =184 P -value N=52 N=217 P -value. 
Abbreviations: Class I, Class I mutations including FLT3/ ITD, FLT3/ TKD, NRAS , KRAS , KIT , JAK2 , and PTPN11 mutations; Class II, Class II mutations including MLL/ PTD, CEBPA , and AML1/RUNX1 mutations. t(8;21), t(15;17), inv (16), and t(11q23). 
The P -value was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation corrected for multiple hypothesis testing (each with 10?000 simulations and with a prior type-I error ? =0.01). 
No significant correlation between hypermethylation of Wnt inhibitors and FLT3/ TKD, KIT , NRAS , KRAS , JAK2 , and PTPN11 mutations, which were not shown in this table. 
Hypermethylation of any Wnt inhibitors including SFRP , Wif-1 , and DKK1 . 
Hypermethylation of any SFRP gene including SFRP1 , SFRP2 , SFRP4 , and SFRP5 . 
Any mutation included the mutation of any Class I, Class II, or others, such as NPM1 , WT1 , and ASXL1 mutations. 
Characteristic No. of Patients (n = 39) %. 
Patient and tumour characteristics. 
Abbreviation: ECOG Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group. 
No. of Patients (%), (n = 36). 
EGFR gene copy analysis by three-dimensional FISH. 
Abbreviation: FISH fluorescence in situ hybridisation. 
pEGFR detectable pEGFR non detectable P value. 
Clinical outcome according to pEGFR immunohistochemistry. 
*Fisher's exact test, two-sided. 
**log-rank P. 
Gene No. of patients No. of mutations %. 
Summary of mutation analysis. 
SSS Control   (N?=?113) (N?=?125) . 
*Student t test; **Mann-Whitney U test; §?2 test; SSS ?=? sick sinus syndrome; HT ?=? hypertension; DM ?=? diabetes mellitus; CAD ?=? coronary artery disease; LAD ?=? left atrial dimmesion; LVIDd ?=? left ventricular end diastolic dimension; LVEF ?=? left ventriclar ejection fraction. 
Haplotype     Overall SSS Controls   -217 -152 -20 -6 (N?=?238) (N?=?113) (N?=?125) OR P. 
*There results were confirmed by permutation test which also revealed that GGAG is the only significant candidate haplotype (P?=?0.0007). Haplotypes are not listed if all the estimated frequencies are <0.01 in patients with sick sinus syndrome, controls, and overall population. 
Gene polymorphism Genotypes and Alleles SSS patients Control patients P   (N?=?113) (N?=?125) . 
SSS ?=? sick sinus syndrome. P values obtained based on ?2 test or Fisher's exact test; the upper P value is for comparison of genotype frequencies, and the lower is for allele frequencies. 
Genotypes   AG AA P  (N?=?22) (N?=?97) . 
          first IP second IP third IP             # AGI code acession number description MW (kD) nr. of assigned spectra sequence coverage (%) nr. of assigned sectra sequence coverage (%) nr. of assigned spectra sequence coverage (%) TMD SP GPI N-Myr cellular component occurrence in other proteomic analyses. 
Proteins are sorted by abundance of identified peptides. Annotation to cellular compartments and the occurrence in other proteomic analyses are indicated. MW, molecular weight; IP, immunoprecipitation; TMD, transmembrane domain; SP, signal peptide; GPI, GPI anchor; N-Myr, myristoylation site. 
n (%). 
Patients' Characteristics. 
Grade DLL4 Jagged1 Notch3 Notch4 n 71 73 75 70. 
Expression of Notch receptors and ligands in resected pancreas cancer. 
Notch3  Jagged1 0 1 2 3 Total. 
Pearson's Correlation between Jagged and Notch 3. 
p-value = 0.01039. 
Notch3  EGFR 0 1 2 3 Total. 
Pearson's Correlation between EGFR and Notch3. 
p-value = 4.799e-07. 
Microarray (cells) p-value Microarray (tumors) p-value qRT-PCR p-value. 
SCCa tumor xenograft Graft site preparation Xenograft tumor frequency in different mouse strains Nude SCID- beige NOD- SCID. 
Development of an in vivo SCCa model. 
ND = Experiment not performed. 
Name Relevant genotype Source/reference. 
Except otherwise indicated, single BY4741-derived kanMX disruptans that are not listed here correspond to the systematic gene disruption project [ 25 ]. 
Targets Inhibitors Studies NCI study. 
Potential targets of therapy in ovarian cancer. 
*Iniparib as a true PARP inhibitor is currently under investigation. 
Doce: docetaxel, Carb: carboplatin, pacli: paclitaxel, topo: topotecan, bev: bevacizumab, temoz: temozolomide, and lip doxo: liposomal doxorubicin. 
Plants (family) Radioprotective/radiosensitizing efficacy of extracts/fractions. 
Traditional medicinal plants and/or their bioactive constituents with prospective radioprotective/radiosensitizing efficacy (2006–2011) . 
Compounds/plants (family) Radioprotective/radiosensitizing efficacy (reference). 
Phytochemicals with prospective radioprotective/radiosensitizing efficacy: reports from last 5?years study . 
Drug Half-life (h) IC50(nM)      VEGFR1 VEGFR2 VEGFR3 PDGFR ?/? FGFR1/3 KIT EGFR. 
Kinase inhibition: comparing BIBF 1120 with other small-molecule VEGFR inhibitors. 
Note: Biochemical IC50 values were determined using slightly different methods between the studies and are not directly comparable. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; FGFR, fibroblast growth factor receptor; IC50, half-maximal inhibitory concentration; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Grade 3 CTCAE, % Grade 4 CTCAE, %     150 mg bid 250 mg bid 150 mg bid 250 mg bid. 
Most frequent adverse events linked to different doses of BIBF 1120 as monotherapy from Phase II randomized doubleblind study in advanced non-small cell lung cancer. 
Abbreviations: ALT, alanine aminotransferase; AST, aspartate aminotransferase; bid, twice daily; CTCAE, Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events. 
Sample Type (a) Etiology (b) Chromosomal aberrations. 
CK, p?=?primary choriocarcinoma; CK, vm?=?vaginal metastasis from choriocarcinoma; CK, cl?=?choriocarcinoma cell line. 
A?=?andromonospermic, AD?=?, B?=?, U?=? unknown. 
Localization Probes and number of signals Conclusion * JAR ** BEWO ** JEG **. 
*The number of X or Y is based from the centromere number. 
**Numbers of cells out 100 cells counted. 
Cytogenetic Samples Gain Width Localization Nb of Selected genes (3) miRNA limits (1) (2) Loss (Mb) (Mb) genes  . 
The localization of MCRs with a contribution of de novo choriocarcinomas are indicated in bold. 
BeWo?=?A, JAR?=?B, JEG?=?C. 
The genes that meet the selection criteria and were selected are indicated in bold characters. The genes subject to parental imprinting are underlined : (m)?=?maternal imprinted gene; (p)?=?paternal imprinted gene. The genes that does not meet the selection criteria but are of interest for various reasons are indicated in plain characters. 
BeWo and JEG are included for simplicity although they don't define a real MCR. 
indicate the “wave-crest” amplification of the JAR cell line probably the site of chromothripsis phenomenon [45] . A basal gain under it was observed between 12pter and 12q21.3. 
JAR contribute for only mir 371 372 & 373. 
RM11A cell line ( in vitro ) IGF-IR PDGFR? PDGFR?. 
Expression of PDGFR transcripts after suppression of IGF-IR levels. 
*Statistically significant compared to control (with doxycycline) p < 0.05. 
PDB codes * PROTEINS. 
*Data source: Protein Data Bank (RCSB-PDB). 
Apoptin Interacting residue BCR-ABL residue. 
*The SH3 interacting amino acids in the proline rich PxxP region of apoptin are marked as bold. 
Apoptin residue BCR-ABL Hydrogen Bond distance (Å). 
*Hydrogen bonding forming residues between the Bcr-Abl and the proline rich PxxP region of apoptin are shown in bold . 
Treatment Type of cancer Trial phase (patient number) NK cell functions Clinical effects Comment References. 
Clinical trials with various strategies to modulate NK cell function. 
AML/CML: Acute/Chronic myeloid leukemia; BC: Breast Cancer; RCC: Renal Cell Carcinoma; M: Melanoma; Hd: Hodgkin's Disease; LFS: Leukemia-Free Survival; NHL: Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma; ND: Not Determined; OR: Overall Response; PR: Partial Response; CR: Complete Response; SD: Stable Disease; Bisp: Bispecific. 
References: [ 46 – 60 ]. 
Treatment Enrolled patients Disease stage Response rate Time to progression Overall survival References. 
Major trials using anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies. 
5-FU: 5-fluorouracil; EAC: esophageal adenocarcinoma; Carbo: carboplatin; CI: continuous infusion; Cis: cisplatin; CPT: irinotecan; ECX: epirubicin/cisplatin/capecitabine; FOLFIRI: biweekly bolus 5-FU/leucovorin, irinotecan, infusional 5-FU; FUFIRI: weekly irinotecan/leucovorin/infusional; 5-FUFUFOX: weekly oxaliplatin/leucovorin/infusional 5-FU; LV: leucovorin; GAC: gastric adenocarcinoma; GEJAC: gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma; N/A: not applicable; NS: not stated; ORR: objective response rate; OS: overall survival; pCR: pathologic complete response; PD: progressive disease; RT: radiation therapy; SCC: squamous cell carcinoma; TTP: time-to-progression. 
Hazard ratio SE P-value 95% Confidence interval. 
Construct Primer name Sequence (5?->3?). 
*The underlined sequences correspond to the nucleotide replacement mutations. 
Cell line Plate Density Total volume (ml) Transfection reagent Le2 (µg) Renilla (ng). 
Description Oligonucleotides Sense (5?->3?) Antisense (5?->3?). 
Gene Primer name Sequence (5?->3?). 
Position Colon Pancreas Stomach Lymph Liver Muscle Lung Brain. 
*Percent of methylation on each CpG site was evaluated by bisulfite sequencing. Position refers to that of the CpG dinucleotide relatively to transcription start site ( Fig. 1 ), and N refers to number of sequenced clones. 
Skin toxicity Diarrhoea and enterocolitis Hepatitis. 
Management of immune related adverse events from ipilimumab. 
Level Intervention. 
NHMRC levels of evidence. 
Patient number (n =) Phase III 6 Ipi and DTIC (Ipi at 10 mg/kg) 250 Phase-III 5 Ipi monotherapy (3 mg/kg) 131 Phase-II 49 Ipi monotherapy different doses 217 (71 each at 3 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg). 
Immune related adverse events from lpilimumab in phase 2 and 3 trials. 
Abbreviations: irAE, immune related adverse event; DTIC, dacarbazine; Ipi, ipilimumab; ALT, alanine aminotransferase; AST, aspartate aminotransferase. 
Grade 1 Grade 2 Grade 3 Grade 4. 
CTCAE grading for diarrhoea, changes in liver function tests and visual changes. 
Abbreviations: AST, aspartate aminotransferase; ALT, alanine aminotransferase. 
Normal Mild-Moderate Asthma (GINA 1?=?11, 2?=?3, 3?=?2) Severe Asthma (GINA 4?=?11, 5?=?4). 
GINA: Global Initiative for Asthma; BD: bronchodilator; LABA: long-acting bronchodilator; FEV1: forced expiratory volume in one second; TCC: total cell counts; BDP: beclomethasone dipropionate; PC20FEV1: provocative concentration of methacholine to induce a 20% decrease in FEV1;. 
*mean (SE);. 
geometric mean (95% CI);. 
median (IQR);. 
** P <0.05 compared to control. 
Cell line LD 50 s for HQBA (n)   Tissue of origin 3-Day assay 7-Day assay. 
Abbreviations: ER, endoplasmic reticulum; hMEC, human mammary epithelial cell line; HQBA, N -((8-hydroxy-7-quinolinyl) (4-methylphenyl)methyl)benzamide; LD50s, lethal dose 50 values; ND, assay not done. 
Cells were plated in clear 96-well plates at 5000 cells/well, allowed to adhere, and treated for 72 or 168?h with HQBA concentrations ranging from 20?? to 9.8?n. Data were processed in Prism and errors are derived from 95% confidence intervals. 
Cell line Origin Wnt pathway activated by: Axin2 (% of control) ?-Catenin (% of control) c-Myc (% of control). 
Abbreviations: APC, adenomatous polyposis coli; ND, assay not done. 
Cells were treated overnight with 10?? N -((8-hydroxy-7-quinolinyl) (4-methylphenyl)methyl)benzamide, and then indicated gene expression was assessed by reverse transcriptase–quantitative PCR. 
Metal n K a () ? H (kcal?mol ?1 ). 
Abbreviation: HQBA, N -((8-hydroxy-7-quinolinyl) (4-methylphenyl)methyl)benzamide. 
Binding affinities and relevant thermodynamic information for compound HQBA with Fe2+, Fe3+, Co2+, Cu2+, Ni2+, and Zn2+. Fe2+ displays ?1011-fold greater affinity than all other metals. Cu2+ was observed to fit best to a sequential binding sites model with two sites, as detailed above. All other metals with two ligand: one metal stoichiometry fit a one site binding model with a stoichiometry of 2. 
Prognostic Tissue Biomarkers. 
Prognostic Cutaneous Melanoma Biomarkers Detected by Immunohistochemical Analysis of Tissue Microarrays. 
Prognostic Serum Biomarkers. 
Prognostic Serum Biomarkers of Cutaneous Melanoma. 
Included in the AJCC staging system, and patients with distant metastases and elevated LDH are considered as stage IV M1c. 
Strain name Genotype Source. 
C. albicans strains used in this study. 
Primer name Sequence (5?–3?). 
Oligonucleotides used in this study. 
Plasmid Description (backbone) Source. 
Plasmids used in this study. 
A. K562 Gleevec-treated group versus K562 control group. 
Comparison between K562 Gleevec-treated group versus K562 control group. 
( a ) Gene set analysis showing enrichment of gene sets under JAK/STAT pathway. These gene sets showed the number of genes that are downregulated in this pathway in K562 Gleevec-treated cells. ( b ) List of downregulated genes related to JAK/STAT pathway in K562 Gleevec-treated cells. 
Accession number Gene symbol Gene Description Fold change P value. 
List of the most differentially expressed genes whose changes due to DMH treatment could be reversed by folic acid. 
Fold change and P values are the results comparing FA3 group and DMH group. 
Gene name Forward sequence Reverse sequence Product    length. 
Primer sequence for real-time pcr. 
Accession number Gene symbol Gene Description Fold change P value. 
Partial list of the differentially expressed genes between FA2 and FA3. 
Fold change and P values are the results comparing FA2 group and FA3 group. 
Pathway ID Pathway name Selection Count Count Enrichment. 
The most enrichment pathways related to tumorgegesis by KEGG. 
"SelectionCounts" stands for the Count of the DE genes' entities directly associated with the listed PathwayID;. 
"Count" stands for the count of the chosen background population genes' entities associated with the listed PathwayID;. 
Integrin type Interacting ECM protein Activated signaling cascade Tumor/metastasis Reference. 
Various integrins in association with different ligands to induce different signaling pathways in generation of tumor and metastasis. 
Marker Normal PanIN-1* PanIN-2 PanIN-3 PDA*. 
* PanIN, pancreatic intraepithelial neoplasia; PDA, pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. 
No DNMT3A exon 23 mutation DNMT3A exon 23 mutation p. 
WBC, white blood cell count; FAB, French American British; SCT, stem-cell transplantation. 
Patient# Tx status Engraftment Gender FAB Karyotype Status DNMT3A FLT3 NPM1 IDH1 IDH2 IDH2 CEBPA KIT   mean%    Dx/Rel    R132 R140 R172  . 
Tx, transplantation; FAB, French American British; Dx, diagnosis; Rel, relapse; WT, wild type; ND, not done. 
No DNMT3A exon 23 mutation DNMT3A exon 23 mutation p  DNR IDA DNR IDA . 
DNR, daunorubicin; IDA, idarubicin; WBC, white blood cell count; SCT, stem cell transplantation. 
Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis. 
Analysis of covariates associated with DFS and OS. P of the univariate analysis is the p value of the Log rank test. HR is the value of the hazard ratio. 95% CI is the 95% confident interval of the hazard ratio. Data of AML patients with DNMT3A exon 23 mutations were complete and were included in the Cox proportional-hazards regression. NPM1 : Nucleophosmin; FLT3-ITD : internal tandem duplication of the FLT3 gene; Allo-SCT: Allogeneic stem-cell transplantation; Ida: idarubicin; WBC: white blood cell count. 
Sample Reads Processed Reads with at least one reported alignment Spliced Fragments Reads Failing Alignment Total Alignments. 
Category DRG CGN BOTH. 
The number of isoforms overexpressed in DRGs or in CGNs is shown in each column. The number in the BOTH column reflects the number of isoforms which are expressed in both cell types (FPKM>50). 
FPKM QPCR. 
The number in the FPKM column reflects the fold change for the given comparison. The number in the QPCR column reflects the relative expression determined using the delta, delta Ct method. 
Number of:  Official Gene Symbol Isoforms TSS CDS 3?UTR Reference. 
The total number of transcripts expressed from each gene is in the isoform column. The total number of isoforms with: different transcription start sites (TSS), coding DNA sequences (CDS), and 3? untranslated regions (3? UTR) is listed below the column header. The paper demonstrating a role for the gene in axonal regeneration is listed in the Reference column. 
Gene/Isoform Primer Sequence Product Size (bp). 
Cellular target Drug BCL-2 family effect Model References. 
A list of chemotherapeutics that induce changes to the BCL-2 family in various melanoma cell lines . 
Inhibitor Target(s) Cancer Examined Clinical Trials Company Ref. 
Angioinhibitor Parent molecule Receptors Mode of action. 
Extracellular Matrix derived Endogenous angioinhibitors and their mode of action. 
Akt: protein kinase B, Bcl-XL: B-cell lymphoma-extra large, bFGF: basic fibroblast growth factor, CD47 Integrin Associated Protein, COX-2: cyclooxygenase-2, eIF-4EBP-1: eukaryotic translation initiation factor-4E binding protein-1, eNOS: endothelial nitric oxide synthase, ECs: endothelial cells, ERK1/2: extracellular signal-regulated kinase1/2, FAK: focal adhesion kinase, HIF-1a: hypoxia inducible factor-1a, Hsp: heat shock protein, HSPG: Heparan sulfate proteoglycan, IAP: integrin associated protein, IKK: I?B kinase, KDR: kinase insert domain receptor, MAPK: Mitogen activated protein kinase, MEK: MAPK-ERK kinase, MIP: macrophage inflammatory protein-1/-2, MMPs: matrix metallo proteinases, mTOR: mammalian target of rapamycin, NF-??: nuclear factor kappa ?, PEX: noncatalytic carboxy-terminal hemopexin-like domain of MMP, PI3K: phosphatidyl inositol 3-kinase, Rac: Ras-related C3 botulinin toxin susbtrate 1, Raf: Ras activated factor, Ras: Rat sarcoma, SHP: Src homology region 2 domain-containing phopshatase, Src: Schmidt-Ruppin A-2 sarcoma viral oncogene homolog, TIAM: T-lymphoma invasion and metastasis-inducing protein, TGF-?: transforming growth factor ?, TNF?: tumor necrosis factor ?, TSP: thrombospondin. 
RKIP n (%)  Negative 14(13) Weak positive 34(32) Positive 57(55). 
n?=?number of patients. 
*Significant at p?=?0.001 using two-sided Fisher's exact test. 
Cellular Function Gene name (Gene symbol) Expression fold-increase P value *. 
*ANOVA statistics was used to compare probe intensity means between test and control samples. 
Regulator Working mechanism Cancer type Reference. 
Abbreviation: HMT=Histone methyltransferase. 
Target Target function Cancer type Reference. 
Abbreviation: NF-?B= nuclear factor kappa-light-chain enhancer of activated B cells. 
Medium Strain ?max Y SX Y SAc     h?1 g g?1 Cmol Cmol?1. 
Necrosis Ki67 CD31  % Necrotic Tumor Area (mm2) Fold Increase Number Cells Fold Increase Mean Vessel Count % Reduction. 
Healthy subjects All patients ER/PR+ ER/PR-. 
Characteristics of healthy volunteers and patients (experimental cohort). 
aEstrogen receptor/progesterone receptor (ER/PR) status of remaining three patients is unknown. bAges at the time of initial diagnosis and at the time of serum collection for analysis are indicated. Patients in this cohort were clinically disease-free at the time of serum collection. N/A, not available. 
Healthy subjects All patients  Non-metastatic  Metastatic . 
Characteristics of healthy volunteers and patients with breast cancer during diagnosis and experimental analysis (cohort 2). 
aAge and metastatic status of patient are unknown. bAges at the time of initial diagnosis and at the time of serum collection for analysis are indicated. ER, estrogen receptor; PR, progesterone receptor. 
All patients with metastasis Bone metastasis Lung/Liver metastasis. 
Ages at cancer diagnosis and sample collection of patients with active disease (cohort 3). 
Metastasis in three patients was in distant organs other than lung, liver, and bone. Eleven patients had estrogen receptor-positive/progesterone receptor-positive tumors. Metastasis was more common in bone, lung, and liver. 
Small RNA P value Fold change (cancer/healthy). 
Differences in the levels of U6, 5S, and other RNAs between healthy subjects and patients with cancer. 
In this experimental cohort, patients were cancer-free at the time of serum collection. miR-16, microRNA 16; miR-21, microRNA 21; SNORD44, small nucleolar RNA 44. 
Small RNA ER+/PR+ cancer versus healthy ER-/PR- cancer versus healthy. 
Cancer subtype-specific differences in U6, 5S, and other RNAs compared with healthy subjects. 
Small RNA levels in the serum of patients with estrogen receptor/progesterone receptor-positive (ER/PR+) or ER/PR- cancer were compared with those in the serum of healthy volunteers (experimental cohort). miR-16, microRNA 16; miR-21, microRNA 21; SNORD44, small nucleolar RNA 44. 
Column ID P value Fold change. 
Comparison of expression levels of U6, 5S, and other RNAs in the serum. 
Comparisons were made between healthy subjects and patients with metastasis, healthy subjects and cancer-free patients, and patients with metastasis and those who were cancer-free (cohort 2). miR-16, microRNA 16; SNORD44, small nucleolar RNA 44. 
Column ID P value Fold change. 
ER+/PR+ subgroup-specific differences in serum U6, 5S, and other RNAs. 
Sera of patients with estrogen receptor/progesterone receptor-positive (ER/PR+) breast cancer were compared with those of healthy subjects (cohort 2). miR-16, microRNA 16; SNORD44, small nucleolar RNA 44. 
Column ID P value Fold change. 
Differences in the levels of U6, 5S, and other RNAs between healthy subjects and cancer patients with active metastasis (cohort 3). 
Patients in this cohort had active metastasis at the time of serum collection. miR-16, microRNA 16; SNORD44, small nucleolar RNA 44. 
Chromosome Start End Clones Sum of clones Length Cytoband P value. 
Chromosomal regions with differing copy number between CHEK2 1100delC- mutation carriers and others. 
Areas on chromosomes 1, 8, and 12 consist of multiple non-overlapping regions with differing copy numbers, whereas areas on chromosomes 16, 17, and 19 consist of single regions. Each row represents one region with constant calls across all samples. Sum of clones and length columns give the number of clones on all regions of each area and the total length of the area, respectively. 
Gene symbol GEX: fold change GEX: P value Region aCGH: gain/loss. 
Differentially expressed genes on regions with differential copy number. 
Five of eight differentially expressed genes on 1p13.3-31.3 show reduced expression levels. On 12q13.11-3, 11 of 15 genes show elevated expression. aCGH, array comparative genomic hybridization; GEX, gene expression. 
Gene-expression signature Genes Overlap Proportion. 
Overlap between the 188 CHEK2 1100delC- associated genes and eight previously published gene-expression signatures. 
The first column contains names and references for the gene-expression signatures as well as the reference for proliferation-associated genes in the Gene Ontology database (GO). The second to fourth columns indicate the number of genes included in the signature, the number overlapping with each signature, and the 188 genes and proportion of genes of each signature among the 188 genes, respectively. 
Ki- ras mutation# Lung Large intestine* Pancreas Biliary tract?. 
Relative frequencies of the major Ki- ras mutations by cancer type: analysis of the Sanger COSMIC database . 
#The relative percentage of each mutant allele within a cancer type (i.e., of the four predominant Ki- ras mutation-bearing cancer types) is shown; *includes colon, rectal, and anal cancer; ?includes cancers of the bile duct and gallbladder . 
Properties Vorinostat (Zolinza) Depsipeptide (romidepsin) Panobinostat (LBH589) Belinostat (PXD101). 
Summary of the histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors tested in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. 
Note:. 
Reported range of drug concentration necessary for in vitro inhibition of HDAC in cell lines. 
Outcome Vorinostat Romidepsin Panobinostat Belinostat. 
Outcomes of histone deacetylase inhibitors in CTCL. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response; CTCL, cutaneous T-cell lymphoma; DoR, duration of response; NA, not available; N, number of patients enrolled in the trial; ORR, overall response rate; PR, partial response; TTP, time to progression. 
Trial Eligibility Dose and schedule Results Toxicity Conclusion. 
Summary of major clinical trials performed to date with romidepsin as a single agent. 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; CR, complete response; CTCL, cutaneous T-cell lymphoma; FDA, Food and Drug Administration; GI, gastrointestinal; HDAC, histone deacetylation; MM, multiple myeloma; MTD, maximum tolerated dose; PR, partial response; PTCL, peripheral T-cell lymphoma; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; SD, stable disease. 
Conditions affecting hemoglobin F levels. 
Thalassemia syndromes (homozygous beta thalassemia, heterozygous beta thalassemia, delta beta thalassemia, homozygous and heterozygous). 
Other hemoglobinopathies (hereditary persistence of hemoglobin F, homozygous and heterozygous, sickle cell anemia, hemoglobin C, hemoglobin E, Hemoglobin Lepore syndrome, some unstable hemoglobin). 
Hereditary spherocytosis. 
Hemoglobin variants with retention time similar to that of hemoglobin F. 
Pernicious anemia. 
Sideroblastic anemia. 
Pure red cell aplasia. 
Refractory normoblastic anemia. 
Aplastic anemia. 
Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria. 
Recovery from bone marrow transplant. 
Acute leukemias. 
Erythroleukemia. 
Juvenile chronic myeloid leukemia. 
Marrow neoplastic metastases. 
Hepatoma. 
Antileukemic chemotherapy. 
Therapy with hydroxyurea, aza-deoxycytidine, butyrates, and erythropoietin. 
Pregnancy. 
Hyperthyroidism. 
Chronic renal disease. 
Trisomy 13 (Palau syndrome). 
Locus Chromosome. 
Genetic determinants of hemoglobin F production. 
Inducers of hemoglobin F production. 
Nucleoside analogs, ie, azacytidine and decitabine. 
Hydroxyurea (hydroxycarbamide). 
Histone deacetylase inhibitors, ie, butyrate, trychostatin A, apicidin, scriptaid, hydroxyamides. 
Others, including erythropoietin, valproate, thalidomide derivatives, kit ligand. 
Phosphosite Kinases Tamoxifen Reference. 
Putative ER ? phosphosites, the kinases that target them, and the effect on tamoxifen response. 
Target Drugs and reference. 
Chemotherapeutic agents involved in autophagy induction. 
Peptide name Peptide sequence. 
Gene Primer sense Primer antisense Size T (°C) Cycles. 
Primers and conditions for PCRs. 
U: unmethylated; M: methylated. 
Cell line Diagnosis Methylation Expression. 
Promoter hypermethylation and expression in cell lines. 
GBM: glioblastoma multiforme; AIII: anaplastic astrocytoma; A/O: astrocytoma/oligodendroglioma. ?: methylated; ?: hemimethylated; +: expression; ?/+: low expression; ?: lack of expression/absence of methylation; *: nonanalyzed; §: nonstudied. 
Trials N Eligible patient Pathological tumor size in enrolled patients pN (UICC) in enrolled patient ER (+) in enrolled patients HG in enrolled patients Median follow-up, years DFS HR (95%?CI, P value) OS HR (95%?CI, P value) Reference. 
Adjuvant trastuzumab trials. 
HR: hazard ratio; n (+): nodepositive; n (?): nodenegative; NR: not reported; UICC: International Union Against Cancer. 
Voltage-gated channels Target  Calcium channels Sodium channels Potassium channels L N T R All(ii) Tetrodotoxin sensitive Tetrodotoxin resistant All(i) . 
Effects of metals on voltage-activated ion channels (?—activation/upregulation,???—inhibition/downregulation). 
(i)Extent of block and EC50 differ based on concentration of charge carrier used. 
(ii)Paper does not describe which sub-type is affected. 
Target  Pathways      PKC Adenylate cyclase Phosphodiesterase CaM IP3 Intracellular calcium. 
Effects of metals on presynaptic signaling pathways (?—activation/upregulation, ?—inhibition/downregulation). 
(i)The three different concentrations indicate actions in different areas of the brain—cerebrum, cerebellum, and brainstem. 
Target  Transporters Neurotransmitters Neuropeptides   Ca2+ into mitochondria Ca2+ ATPase Dopamine transporter Glutamate Aspartate GABA Glycine Dopamine Acetylcholine Substance P, neuropeptide K, and neurokinin. 
Effects of metals on transporters, neurotransmitters, and neuropeptides (?—activation/upregulation, ?—inhibition/downregulation). 
(i)Upregulates expression of monoamine oxidase, decreases production, and increases depletion. 
(ii)Downregulates expression of tyrosine hydroxylase gene. 
(iii)Reduces expression of precursor gene. 
(iv)Another study shows that uptake of glutamate into astrocytes is reduced through the decreased expression of glutamate aspartate transporter; this may result in increase in glutamate levels in the synapse [ 43 ]. 
(v)Shows effect on neurotransmitter release. 
Target  MeHg Me3Pb Et3Pb Me3Sn Et3Sn   Effect Conc Ref Effect Conc Ref Effect Conc Ref Effect Conc Ref Effect Conc Ref. 
Effects of organic metals on presynaptic targets (?—activation/upregulation, ?—inhibition/downregulation). 
(i)Paper does not describe which subtype is affected. 
(ii)Decreases uptake of neurotransmitter into synaptosomes, thereby probably increasing the amount in cleft. 
(iii)Release of neurotransmitter from vesicles is being measured. 
Target NMDA AMPA/kainate GABA-A. 
Effects of metals on postsynaptic ligand-gated ion channels (?—activation/upregulation, ?—inhibition/downregulation). 
Target Al As Cd Hg Pb  Effect Concentration Ref Effect Concentration Ref Effect Concentration Ref Effect Concentration Ref Effect Concentration Ref. 
Julka and Gill [ 20 ], Nihei and Guilarte [ 56 ], Guilarte and McGlothan [ 57 ], Vig et al. [ 58 ], Sandhir and Gill. [ 59 ], Siegel and Haug [ 60 ], Cox and Harrison [ 61 ], Levi et al. [ 62 ], Ohtani-Kaneko et al. [ 63 ], Rajanna et al. [ 64 ], Xu et al. [ 65 ], Inoue et al. [ 66 ], Rajanna et al. [ 64 ], Saijoh et al. [ 67 ], Nihei et al. [ 68 ], Johnson et al. [ 69 ], Coppi et al. [ 70 ], Hermenegildo et al. [ 71 ], Zarazua et al. [ 72 ], Mittal et al. [ 73 ], García-Arenas et al. [ 74 ], Chetty et al. [ 75 ], Llansola et al. [ 76 ], Wang et al. [ 77 ], Toscano et al. [ 78 ], Rigon et al. [ 79 ], Cordova et al. [ 80 ], Toscano et al. [ 81 ]. 
Virus Disease targets Clinical studies References. 
Oncolytic viruses for the treatment of hematological malignancies. 
MM: multiple myeloma; NHL: non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; CLL: chronic lymphocytic leukemia; AML: acute myeloid leukemia. 
Sample Total DAG Total PA. 
Influence of DGK-? on total DAG and PA lipid content. 
The lipids were separated and analyzed by HPLC mass spectrometry, and the total amount of each DAG and PA in each sample was determined. si-con, siRNA control; si-DGK-?, siRNA targeting DGK-?. 
Lipid Lipid species in cells treated with si-con Lipid species in cells treated with si-DGK-? Lipid species in cells treated with R59022. 
Influence of DGK-? on particular DAG and PA lipid species. 
A2780 cells were transfected with a non-targeting siRNA (siRNA control [si-con]), an siRNA targeting DGK-? (si-DGK-?) or treated with 10 µM R59022 for 1 h. Cell pellets were collected, and lipids were extracted in the presence of appropriate standards to control for extraction efficiency and to identify the lipids on mass spectrometry. Analysis of each individual molecular species allowed determination of the percentage of each within the total lipid class demonstrating which lipids changed. In each sample, 21 distinct DAG species and 32 distinct PA species were identified and quantified; the species not shown in the table demonstrated minimal changes. 
P < 0.05; unpaired t test. 
P < 0.01; unpaired t test. 
Family PDB chain Arf 1hurA,B Ras ( Fig. 5 ) 121pA Rho 1a2bA Rab 2folA Ran 1l2MA. 
The position of SDP residues in the structures of the five Ras superfamily members, and their possible biological and functional implications. 
Numbers correspond to positions in the PDB structures (see Table S5 ). 
General gene characteristic Non-correlated genes Genes with significant negative correlation with SPPR (-C08) p-value of difference of -C08 to non-correlated Genes with significant positive correlation with SPPR (C08) p-value of difference of C08 to non-correlated. 
General characteristics of genes with differential correlations to SPPR. 
For each gene characteristic an average value in three gene groups (non-correlated, negatively correlated and positively correlated) and a p-value for the difference of the average of a correlated group versus the non-correlated group is given. 
ID Description Expression % of ex-pressed % of annotated p-value Intepretation. 
Enriched functional categories of genes correlating with specific extracellular protein production rate. 
'ID' is InterPro or Funcat identifier. 'Description' is short name for the category. 'Expression' is type of expression behaviour the genes have. 'C07wN' genes belong to a pair of adjacent genes that both have correlation to specific protein production rate (SPPR) above 0.7, '-C07wN' is the opposite case, 'C08' genes have correlation to SPPR above 0.8 and '-C08' is again the opposite. '% of expressed' is the percentage of genes among the group of genes with same expression that belong to the annotation category. '% of annotated' is the percentage of genes among all genes that belong to the annotation category. 'p-value' is for the significance of enrichment. 'Intepretation' is a biological consept to which the genes relate to as intepreted by the authors. 
Description Expression % of expressed % of annotated p-value. 
Enriched functional categories in proteome analysis. 
'Expression' is type of expression behaviour the proteins have i.e. -D03/D06 stands for proteins more abundant in D06 than in D03. In the two cases labelled with 'T0' and 'T-0' transcripts were not regulated, i.e. the transcript fold change was less than 1.2 (see Figure 6 for further details). See Table 1 for explanations of subsequent columns. 
Drug Target Mechanism of Action Effects Reference. 
List of Drugs Targeting the p73 Pathway. 
Increased p73 transcriptional activity, downstream of c-Abl, JNK and Yap. 
Indirect JNK-mediated inhibition of mTOR, increased TA-p73 levels. 
Signal protein Sequence Activity References. 
The peptides, derivatives of signal proteins, and their biological activity. 
Subunit Amino acid replacement Phenotype References. 
Mutations in the conserved ATP binding/hydrolysis domain and phenotypes in GroEL and three subunits of CCT complex. 
CS: Cold sensitive; HS: heat sensitive; TBZS: Thiabendazole sensitive; TBZSS: Thiabendazole-hyper sensitive; NaClS: Sodium chloride sensitive. 
Tumor volume measurement (mm3)   Days after treatment  1   15 . 
Effect of Bcl-2 and GSH depletion on the in vivo response of A375 melanoma to chemoradiotherapy. 
The treatment regimen is indicated in the scheme placed above the table. Mice were fed ad libitum on a GED (see Methods) starting 1 week before tumor inoculation. Verapamil (VRP, 1 mg/kg) and acivicin (ACV, 2 mg/kg) were given i.p. daily (1 dose × day) starting 7 days after tumor cell inoculation (days 7 to 16). G3139 (20 mg/kg) was given i.v. on days 7, 10, 13, and 16. Paclitaxel protein-binding particles [PAC.PBP, 32.5 mg/kg (human MTD × 5)] was given i.v. on days 7 and 10. Daunorubicin [DNR, 3.125 mg/kg (human MTD × 2.5)] was given i.v. on days 13 and 16. Animal doses of chemotherapy were calculated using NCI guidelines ( www.cancer.gov ) and the conversion factor for mice published by the FDA ( www.fda.gov ). Mice received fractionated X-ray therapy (15 Gy/day focused on the tumor) on days 8 and 9. Total X-ray dose was selected, as effective and safe, after testing a range of 5 to 40 Gy in the absence or in the presence of the full combined therapy (not shown). Mice were sacrificed when tumor volume was > 1000 mm3. Tumor size on day 7 after inoculation was, in all cases, of 50-75 mm3. Body weight of mice treated with the full combination was approximately 75% and 83% of controls (treated with physiological saline) 1 or 15 days, respectively, after the treatment. Data are means ± S.D. for 18 to 20 different mice. N.D., nondetectable. Histologic examination (see Methods) confirmed that, in 16 of 20 (80%) mice, the full treatment achieved a complete tumor regression. *P < 0.05, **P < 0.01 comparing for each condition G3139- or G3139 + VRP + ACV-treated tumor-bearing mice versus treatment with physiologic saline. +P < 0.05, ++P < 0.01 comparing, in mice treated with physiologic saline, G3139, or G3139 + VRP + ACV, all experimental conditions versus none under treatment. 
Cytokines Non-Tumor bearing mice Tumor-bearing mice. 
Cytokine levels in serum of A375 melanoma-bearing mice. 
Blood was collected from the tail vein every 6 h during the 24-h period of each indicated day. The days after tumor inoculation refer to those indicated in the scheme placed above the table 2. Full treatment refers to the combination of G3139 + VRP + ACV + PAC.PBP + DNR + X rays (as in table 2) that achieves a complete A375 melanoma regression. Data are mean values of the peak serum cytokine concentrations ± S.D (pg/ml) measured in 7-8 different animals. *P < 0.05, **P < 0.01 comparing for each condition versus non-tumor-bearing mice. +P < 0.05, ++P < 0.01 comparing tumor-bearing mice receiving the full treatment (+) versus tumor-bearing mice treated with physiologic saline (-). 
miRNA Target genes References. 
Putative tumor suppressor and oncogenic miRNAs in HCC . 
miRNA Target genes References. 
Putative tumor suppressor and oncogenic miRNAs in pancreatic cancer . 
Cancer Drug Up-regulated enzyme References. 
Expression of AKRs in chemoresistant cancer cells . 
Cells Phase (%)  G1 S G2/M. 
Cell cycle of L-OHP-resistant HT29 cells . 
The parental HT29 cells and L-OHP-resistant cells (HT29/L-OHP2 and HT29/L-OHP20) were fixed with 70% ethanol, stained with propidium iodide, and subjected to flow cytometry . 
MAPK pathway PI-3K pathway Transcription factors. 
Protein kinases and transcription factors activated by specific UV wavelengths. 
miRNA Dysregulation Clinical-related phenotypes Reference. 
Relevant miRNAs found deregulated in CRC expression profiling. 
Primers Accession Number Sequence (Sense/Antisense Product Size (bp) Cycle Number Annealing Temp. (°C). 
Primers used to amplify mRNAs encoding murine SK1, SK2, and GAPDH based on published GenBank sequences for mice. 
SK = sphingosine kinase; GAPDH = glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase; Respective anticipated RT-PCR product size, PCR cycle number for linear amplification and annealing temperatures used for each primer are also provided. 
Patient Cytogenetics FAB classification Response. 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myelogenous leukemia; CR, complete remission; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; NR, no response; tx, treatment. 
Drug classes Number of drugs Drug name Effective dose (?) IC(50) a. 
Compound library screening resulted in the identification of six drug classes with the indicated number in each class. 
IC(50) was calculated as the lowest drug concentration resulting in a 50% reduction of EWS/Fli-1 luciferase activity. Column 3 displays one example of each inhibitor drug class. Column 4 displays the calculated range of effective dose response for each class. 
Cells and condition Ras WT H-Ras KD K-Ras KD H-Ras mutant. 
Abbreviations: gal-1, galectin-1; GFP, green fluorescent protein; KD, knockdown; Scr, scrambled RNA; WT, wild type. 
* P <0.05; ** P <0.01 versus control group. 
  BRAF PIK3CA Characteristics (patients) Mutated cases % P Mutated cases % P. 
Abbreviations: HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; PIK3CA, phosphoinositide-3-kinase-catalytic-alpha. 
Binding site  Sequence. 
Site-directed mutagenesis of opn promoter constructs. 
Transcription factor binding sites were mutated using Stratagene's QuikChange and Site-Directed Mutagenesis Kit. Binding sites are underlined, and mutated bases shown in lowercase. 
Disease Risk gene miRNA References. 
List of miRNAs that are reported or have high probability to inhibit the expression of genes linked to neurodegenerative disease development. 
*miRNAs that have high potential to inhibit ataxin 7 and Huntingtin gene expression as predicted by Target Scan (release 5.2). 
Summary of known occludin phosphorylation sites in the context of the kinases or stimuli that induce phosphorylation at these sites and the effects on TJ function generated by induced or inhibited phosphorylation. Green label: kinase overexpression, stimulation or phospho-mimetic occludin variant; red label: kinase knockdown, inhibition or occludin variant that cannot be phosphorylated at the specified amino acid site. 
Authors Normal adjacent thyroid tissue ** Follicular adenoma ** Follicular carcinoma ** Papillary carcinoma ** Anaplastic carcinoma **. 
Summary of Published Studies on Telomerase Activity in Thyroid Neoplasias. 
Telomerase subunit hTERT was analysed by RT-PCR *+ Telomerase subunit hTERT was analysed by real-time quantitative RT-PCR; all the other studies were performed only by TRAP. 
Positive cases/total cases (percentage positive in parentheses). 
Author and year of the study Drug Pathway inhibited Thyroid cancer Responses. 
Clinical Trials with Targeted Therapies in Patients with Thyroid Cancer. 
VEGFR = vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; PDGFR = platelet-derived growth factor receptors; EGFR = epidermal growth factor receptor. 
DTC = differentiated thyroid cancer; ATC = anaplastic thyroid cancer; PTC = papillary thyroid cancer; FTC = follicular thyroid cancer; DeDTC = dedifferentiated differentiated thyroid cancer; MTC = medullary thyroid carcinoma. 
PR = partial response; SD = stable disease; CR = complete response. 
Different types of fALS and their genetic determinants, modifi ed from Ticozzi et al .[ 2 ]. 
Etiologic agent/pathologic condition IARC classificationa Cancer site Associated neoplasm Detection of DNA lesionsc [reference no.]. 
Nitrative and oxidative DNA damage in inflammation-induced carcinogenesis. 
This table was adapted and modified from the IARC [ 2 ] and Coussens and Werb [ 1 ]. 
IARC: International Agency for Research on Cancer. aIARC classification: Group 1: carcinogenic to humans; Group 2A: probably carcinogenic to humans. 
bHPV: human papilloma virus; HBV: hepatitis B virus; HCV: hepatitis C virus; EBV: Epstein-Barr virus. 
cDNA lesions: IHC, 8-nitroguanine and 8-oxodG detected by immunohistochemistry; HPLC-ECD: 8-oxodG detected by HPLC-ECD; ELISA: serum 8-oxodG detected by ELISA. 
Author, Year Proteins Salivary gland. 
Different proteins in the salivary gland or whole saliva. 
Author, Year Proteins involved Proteins not involved Site of tumour. 
Proteins involved in oncological pathologies. 
Author, Year Proteins Related pathology. 
Proteins involved in dental pathologies. 
Oncogenic virus Tumors associated with virus infection Oncoproteins involved in DDR References. 
Abbreviations: ATL=adult T-cell leukaemia; DDR=DNA damage response; EBV=Epstein–Barr virus; HBV=hepatitis B virus; HPV=human papillomavirus; HTLV-I=human T-lymphotropic virus type I. 
In vitro kinase inhibition IC 50, nM. 
Abbreviation: FLT3=Fms-like tyrosine kinase 3. 
Each IC50 determination was performed with eight concentrations by kinase-Glo assay. Data represent mean±s.d. from three different experiments. 
Kinase Percentage of inhibition IC 50 b , nM. 
Abbreviations: FLT3=Fms-like tyrosine kinase 3; ND=not determined; PDGFR=platelet-derived growth factor receptor; VEGFR=vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Inhibition of kinase at 1? ? , carried out by Invitrogen SelectScreen kinase profiling service. 
IC50 determination was performed by kinase-Glo assay. 
IC50 determination was performed by Invitrogen SelectScreen kinase assay. 
    Proliferation GI 50, nM Cell lines Characterisation BPR1J-097 ABT-869 Sorafenib PKC412. 
Abbreviations: ALL=acute lymphoblastic leukaemia; AML=acute myelocytic leukaemia; CML=chronic myelogenous leukaemia; WT=wild-type. 
Data represent means±s.d. from three different experiments. 
  Rat IV (dose: 3.4?mg?kg ?1) Compound T 1/2 (h) CL (ml?min ?1 per kg) V ss (l/kg) AUC (0–24) (ng?ml ?1 × h). 
Abbreviations: AUC=area under the curve; CL=Clearance; V SS=volume of distribution at the steady state. 
Gene name Mutation sites checked. 
Mutations assayed for each of the 19 Genes in the Oncocarta v1.0 Mutation Panel. A total of 238 mutations were assayed. 
PS Detection Method Advantages Disadvantages. 
Advantages and Disadvantages of PS detection methods. 
Translocation screen summary and assay performance data. 
Model Stimulus. 
Animal models for chronic pancreatitis according to the type of stimulus. 
CFTR = cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator; PERK = protein kinase R-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase. 
Down Regulated Genes Accession number Potential functions. 
Ingenuity™ Pathway Analysis was used to ascribe down-regulated genes with potential functions (additional genes can be found in Figure S2 ). 
Up Regulated Genes Accession number Potential functions. 
Ingenuity™ Pathway Analysis was used to ascribe up-regulated genes with potential functions (additional genes can be found in Figure S3 ). 
Characteristic Cases. 
Summary of clinical manifestation in patients with 15q24 microdeletion syndrome. 
Specialist Evaluation at time of diagnosis Screening and surveillance. 
Recommended clinical evaluations and management for individuals with 15q24 deletion syndrome. 
Organ (Tissue) Modification of Smad7 Functions or phenotypes Proposed mechanisms Related disease(s) Ref. 
Overview of mouse studies with altered expression of Smad7. 
TCR proximal signaling molecules and intrathymicTreg development in mutant animal models. 
*A point mutation in ZAP-70 SH2 domain. **A point mutation (Arg63Trp) found in rat. 1Decreased Treg proportion or absolute number, 2increased Treg proportion or absolute number. 
Demographic features and lipid profile of the hypertensives and controls. 
Distribution of genotypes of VDR gene Fok I polymorphism in hypertensives and controls. 
Risk predictions for different genotypes of VDR Fok1 polymorphism causing susceptibility to essential hypertension. 
Risk prediction for specific genotype of VDR Fok1 polymorphism in relation to other two genotypes causing susceptibility to essential hypertension. 
Transcription factor G KO or CTS KO KO phenotype Reference. 
Transcription factor deletions and peripheral nerve regeneration: effects of global (G) and cell-type specific (cts) knockouts (KO) . 
Gene Oligonucleotide sequence (5'-3'). 
Sequence of primers used. 
G allele A allele. 
8 weeks old 16 weeks old db/m db/db db/m db/db. 
Baseline metabolic parameters in db/db and db/m mice. 
Data represent baseline parameters of db/m and db/db mice ( n = 6 per group) prior to infection with Ad-hACE2-eGFP or Ad-eGFP viruses. Statistical significance:. 
* P < 0.001 vs. age-matched db/m ,. 
† P < 0.05 vs. 8-week-old db/m ,. 
‡ P < 0.001 vs. 8-week-old db/db . IPGT AUC, intraperitoneal glucose tolerance area under the curve. 
Gene Primer Product size (bp). 
Primer sequences and size of Realtime PCR products. 
non-responding a transient b oscillation c    % ( n ) % ( n ) % ( n ) [ n / N ] d. 
Non-responding cells have no Ca2+ increase exceeding 1.25 of the baseline. 
Transient responding cells have one Ca2+ peak exceeding 1.25 of the baseline. 
Oscillatory responding cells have at least three Ca2+ peaks exceeding 1.25 of the baseline. 
[number of cells/number of experiments]. 
non-responding a transient b oscillation c    % ( n ) % ( n ) % ( n ) [ n / N ] d. 
Non-responding cells have no Ca2+ increase exceeding 1.25 of the baseline. 
Transient responding cells have one Ca2+ peak exceeding 1.25 of the baseline. 
Oscillatory responding cells have at least three Ca2+ peaks exceeding 1.25 of the baseline. 
[number of cells/number of experiments]. 
[concentration of extracellular Ca2+]. 
Histological Subtype Cell Line IC50's (nM)   NVP-BKM120 LY294002 NVP-BEZ235. 
Gene symbol Gene name Human CNS disease Mouse endophenotype. 
List of candidate genes regulated by Arx and controlling cortical interneuron migration and/or differentiation. 
Gene Arx knock-out mice Arx-transfected N2a cells Expression in cortical migrating interneurons  ( Quillé et al., 2011 ) ( Quillé et al., 2011 ) Cells and stage FC Reference. 
Examples of Arx-bound and regulated genes that are enriched in migrating cortical interneurons (IN) compared to neurons in ganglionic eminences (GE) and cortical non-interneurons (non-IN). 
. 
Examples of Arx-bound and regulated genes that are down-regulated in migrating cortical interneurons (IN) compared to neurons in the ganglionic eminences (GE) and cortical non-interneurons (non-IN). 
Simulation # of copies, length (ns) Remarks. 
The aggregate simulation time is 1.76 µs. A force constant of 10 kcal/mol/Å2 was used for the restraints. 
Water tmean(?) (ns) tmax(ns) MSDtmax (Å2)  F  F  F . 
Only water molecules that are protein-bound in simulations F and are shown. The mean residence time, tmean(?) was calculated using eq.2. tmax is the maximum mean residence time at a particular hydration site. The mean square displacement of a water molecule with tmax (MSDtmax) was calculated using eq. 3. 
The relatively small tmean(A11:N) is because W4 has exchanged and eventually escaped in one of the three simulations, though it was stable for the whole 100 ns in the other two. 
Testis Age Av a Mx b Mx/Av c F<50 d (%). 
Av testis average mutation frequency per million genomes. 
Mx maximum mutation frequency piece (per million genomes). 
Mx/Av ratio maximum mutation frequency piece to testis average mutation frequency. 
F<50 fraction pieces with mutation frequency less than 50 mutants per million genomes. 
Model parameter Mx/Av a F<50 b (%) Testis Age Mutation rate per cell division Data Simulated 95% range p-value Data Simulated 95% range p-value. 
Mx/Av ratio maximum mutation frequency piece to testis average mutation frequency. 
F<50 fraction pieces with mutation frequency less than 50 mutants per million genomes. 
Testis Age Av a Mx b Mx/Av c F<50 d (%). 
Av testis average mutation frequency per million genomes. 
Mx maximum mutation frequency piece (per million genomes). 
Mx/Av ratio maximum mutation frequency piece to testis average mutation frequency. 
F<50 fraction pieces with mutation frequency less than 50 mutants per million genomes. 
previously published [26] . 
testis not studied for MEN2B. 
Model parameters Mx/Av a F<50 b (%) Testis Age Mutation rate per cell division Selection parameter Data Simulated 95% range Data Simulated 95% range. 
Mx/Av ratio maximum mutation frequency piece to testis average mutation frequency. 
F<50 fraction pieces with mutation frequency less than 50 mutants per million genomes. 
n?=?54. 
Sequence of primers. 
Sequences. 
Mechanism of action Agent References. 
Agents known to inhibit c-FLIP expression at the transcription level. 
Mechanism of action Agent References. 
Agents known to inhibit c-FLIP expression by post-transcriptional mechanisms. 
Antibody Immuno-fluorescence Western blotting Source Suppliers. 
mRNA Sense probe (5?-3?) Antisense probe (5?-3?). 
Age/nb WT (g) TRAF4-KO (g) p-value. 
Data are means±SD; g, gram; n, number of mice/group; d, day; w, week; m, month. 
Test Age/nb Parameters WT(n?=?18) TRAF4-KO p-value. 
Tests were performed with animals aged 8-day-old, 21-day-old, 8-week-old and 6-month-old as indicated. Values correspond to medians with interquartiles in parentheses. Statistical analysis was two-tailed Mann-Whitney U-test. S, second; n, number of mice of each set (WT and TRAF4-KO) involved in the test; nb, number; %, percentage; N, Newton; cm, centimeter. 
Ingenuity Canonical Pathways P-value Ratio Molecules in pathway. 
MouseGene Hs1 ATC Hs2 ATC Mm ATC MouseGene Hs1 ATC Hs2 ATC Mm ATC Upregulated Downregulated. 
Biomol ID# Compound name Rescreening results a Optimum concentration Food consumption b. 
Percentages indicate the average percent increase in mean lifespan obtained in the number of independent trials indicated in parentheses. Because maximum lifespan (lifespan of the longest lived 10%) was variable due to the presence of occasional long-lived outliers, this metric was not used. 
NC indicates that the effects of the drugs on food consumption were not statistically different than control in FPAs and/or CAFE assays (see Materials and Methods for the details of the assays and statistical tests used). These FPAs used 6 control and 6 treated 8 ounce fly bottles containing 30 to 50 flies each. The absence of a notation indicates that the test was not performed for that drug. Where a range of optimum concentrations of the drug is given, the assay was performed at the highest concentration in the range. 
H8 was rapamycin (sirolimus) in the Biomol library. Because of its poor bioavailability, we tested everolimus, its more bioavailable derivative. 
Drug Target(s) Mek ERK p38 JNK PKC AMPK. 
Down or up arrows indicate a decrease or increase in signal relative to control, respectively ( Figure 2 ). NC indicates no change. A “s” adjacent to an arrow indicates that the change was small in magnitude. Arrows in parenthesis indicate changes found in Western blots of protein extracts from drug treated Drosophila ( Figures 3 and 8 ). 
Sirtuin Cell-based studies and xenografts Mouse models Human tumors. 
Sirtuins in cancer . 
Gene (allele used * ) Mammalian homolog Tumor suppressor class and Complex or Pathway GO classification **    Molecular function Biological Process. 
*The allele used in this study is indicated. All alleles used were loss-of-function and when possible null alleles. The alleles and their sources are described in the methods section. 
**GO classification adapted from Panther ( http://www.pantherdb.org/ ). 
Cell line Weeks to confluence Months to passage 10 Doubling time (h) (22°C) Confluent density (×106) *. 
*surface area?=?3.8 cm2. 
ANOVA and a Tukey-Kramer multiple comparison test showed that Pten and Pten; Ras lines had a significantly lower confluent density than Ras lines (P<0.01) (F value?=?31.052?=?MStreatment/MSresidual). 
Cluster Interpretation Genes Enriched functions Examples of genes Redundancy Gis1/Rph1 ratio STRE a (nr/pval) PDS b (nr/pval). 
Strongly enriched functions and genes are shown in bold face. 
In the group of all promoters, there are on average 0.47 STRE motifs/promoter. Enrichments significant at p<0.05 are shown in bold face. 
In the group of all promoters, there are on average 0.15 PDS motifs/promoter. Enrichments significant at p<0.05 are shown in bold face. 
Significantly lower occurrence of the motif than in the reference group of all promoters. 
Cluster Interpretation Genes Enriched functions Examples of genes Redundancy Gis1/Rph1 ratio STRE a (nr/pval) PDS b (nr/pval). 
Strongly enriched functions and genes are shown in bold face. 
In the group of all promoters, there are on average 0.47 STRE motifs/promoter. Enrichments significant at p<0.05 are shown in bold face. 
In the group of all promoters, there are on average 0.15 PDS motifs/promoter. Enrichments significant at p<0.05 are shown in bold face. 
Cluster Interpretation Genes Enriched functions Examples of genes Redundancy Gis1/Rph1 ratio STRE a (nr/pval) PDS b (nr/pval). 
Strongly enriched functions and genes are shown in bold face. 
In the group of all promoters, there are on average 0.47 STRE motifs/promoter. Enrichments significant at p<0.05 are shown in bold face. 
In the group of all promoters, there are on average 0.15 PDS motifs/promoter. Enrichments significant at p<0.05 are shown in bold face. 
No effect was seen in the double mutant. 
Cluster P1 (106) P2 (35) P3 (169) P4 (52) P5 (177) P6 (124). 
In each comparison the number of overlapping genes and the hypergeometrical p-value is shown. Entries that are significant at p<0.01 are shown in bold. The number of genes in each cluster is shown in parenthesis. 
Genes [ref] (number)  Log phase   PDS phase   3 days  Genetic contrast gis1-wt rph1-wt gis1rph1-wt gis1-wt rph1-wt gis1rph1-wt gis1-wt rph1-wt gis1rph1-wt. 
The effect of each contrast on the expression of previously described groups of genes involved in nutrient signaling are shown. The overall direction of change (up or down) and Wilcoxon rank sum p-values are listed, with significant effects at p<0.01 shown in bold face. The number of genes in each group is shown in parenthesis and the reference in square brackets. The bottom rows shows the same data for 2 gene onthology groups, with the number of genes in each group in parenthesis. 
Cluster (genes) L1 (26) L2 (34) L3 (51) L4 (33) L5 (74) L6 (38) P1 (106) P2 (35) P3 (169) P4 (52) P5 (177) P6 (124) S1 (62) S2 (261) S3 (184) S4 (30) S5 (147) S6 (195). 
For each comparison the number of overlapping genes and a hypergeometrical p-value are shown. Entries that are significant at p<0.01 are shown in bold. The number of genes in each group is shown in parenthesis. 
Differential expression STRE per promoter STRE p-value PDS per promoter PDS p-value. 
For each group of differentially expressed genes, the average number of STRE and PDS motifs per promoter, along with p-values for the enrichment of STRE and PDS motifs is given. For comparison, among all yeast promoters, there is on average 0.47 STRE motifs and 0.15 PDS motifs per promoter. Enrichments that are significant at p<0.05 are shown in bold face. 
Genes considered Repressed in log phase by Gis1 a Repressed in log phase by Rph1 b Activated in PDS by Gis1 c Activated in PDS by Rph1 d Activated at 3 d by Gis1 c Activated at 3 d by Rph1 d All ORFs. 
For each group of genes, the average number of forward and reverse oriented STRE and PDS motifs per promoter is shown, as well as the ratio between forward and reverse oriented motifs, with p-values for the deviation from the ratio in all ORFs. Deviations that are significant at p<0.05 are shown in bold face. 
Up in gis1-wt or gis1rph1-rph1. 
Up in rph1-wt or gis1rph1-gis1. 
Down in gis1-wt or gis1rph1-rph1. 
Down in rph1-wt or gis1rph1-gis1. 
[Genetic contrast] and Growth phase Forward STRE (AGGGG) Reverse STRE (CCCCT) Forward PDS (AGGGAT) Reverse PDS (ATCCCT). 
For each contrast, the effect of each orientation of the STRE and PDS motifs on gene expression (log ratios) in different contrasts are shown, along with ANOVA p-values. Statistically significant values (at the 0.001 level) are highlighted in bold face. 
Sub-type Description Pathway Potentially relevant therapies Relevant histological subtypes Strength of evidence for clinical use*. 
Sub-type Description Pathway Potentially relevant therapies Relevant histological subtypes Strength of evidence for clinical use*. 
Compounds present in the extract of Cynodon dactylon identified using GCMS analysis. 
Docking score and number of hydrogen bonds formed between angiotensin II type 1 receptor with various inhibitors. 
Results of Lipinski's drug filter analysis. 
Trial/Acronym Stage Marker Design Notes. 
Ongoing clinical trials in adjuvant setting. 
EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; IHC: immunohistochemistry; ACT: adjuvant chemotherapy; TKI: tyrosine kinase inhibitors; DFS: disease-free survival; OS: overall survival; CDDP: cisplatin; DOC: docetaxel; GEM: gemcitabine; ERCC: Excision Repair Cross-Complementation gene; RRM: ribonucleotide reductase M1 gene; MAGE: melanoma-associated antigen; TS: thymidylate synthetase; PEM: pemetrexed. 
transporter natural substrates drug substrates. 
The table is based on data from Sai and Tsuji 155 and Dobson & Kell. 154. 
Bacterial Strains Description * Source. 
*RifR: rifampicin-resistant; RpoB: DNA-directed RNA polymerase (locus tag HMPREF0536_0828). Resultant amino acid changes after incorporation of the oligonucleotide are listed after each gene, and X represents a stop codon. 
Study A Placebo EPO Interaction  Pre 4 h post 10 h post Pre 4 h post 10 h post p-value. 
significantly different from pre (p<0.001). 
*significantly different from 10 h post (p<0.001). 
**significantly different from EPO 10 h post (p<0.001). 
Spot # Protein Uniprot #  MS results  MS/MS results    Matched fragments Sequence coverage (%) Score (mascot) Matched fragments Sequence coverage (%) Score (mascot). 
Matched fragments; the number of peptides matched with the protein/the total amount of peptides in the sample. Sequence coverage; the percentage of the total protein that the matched peptides cover. Score; the score given by MASCOT, for MS results a score above 66 (56 for actin) was considered significant (p?=?0.05), for MS/MS the significance level was a score of 34–37 (protein dependent). Mascot: http://www.matrixscience.com . Uniprot: http://www.uniprot.org . 
Promote infection Inhibit infection. 
Human bacterial pathogen genes that are involved in the infection of Drosophila. 
Studies where genome-wide screens were performed, and resulted in the identification of >20 genes. Genes that were further characterized are listed. If genes were functionally or otherwise classified, and the number of genes in each group was reported, we included the numbers in this table. 
SI: septic injury, TE: transgenic expression (of pathogen virulence factors), F: feeding, R: rolling (in spores). 
Abbreviations: LPS: lipopolysaccharide FPI: Francisella pathogenicity island LVS: Live vaccine strain. 
Drosophila components that are involved in the response to bacterial infection. 
Genotype No. of animals No. of Litters born No. of litters per animal(Mean ± SEM) No. of pups born No. of pups per litter(Mean ± SEM). 
The results of a six-month breeding study are shown. 
Reaction  . 
We denote by and the number of free , molecules available in the cytosolic reservoir, by the number of molecules on site that are activated by the external signal via receptors, by the number of molecules on site that are activated via the feedback loop in Fig. 1 . 
We have simulated the full, spatially distributed system (1–8) by using a Finite Element Method, with the present parameter values, that were extracted from the literature. 
We have simulated Model (1–8) with parameter values compatible with the interactions described in Fig. 10 for the process of epithelial polarization. At initial time the plasmamembrane is in a uniform PIP3-rich state. We then create a circular patch of the PIP2-rich phase of radius and investigate its dynamics to check whether a stable polarization state is attained. 
Exposure to mating pheromone of haploid Saccharomyces cerevisiae cells results in polarized growth towards the mating partner. Proteins involved in signaling, polarization, cell adhesion, and fusion are localized at the tip of the mating cell (shmoo) where fusion will eventually occur. Polarization involves localization of the small GTPase Cdc42 and of its guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF), Cdc24. The expression of a constitutively activated form of Cdc42 is sufficient to cause polarization in otherwise nonpolarized cells. 
Exp L/H * Conditions #Proteins #Ratios >1.5. 
*L/H: (light isotope label/heavy isotope label) expresses the expected outcome ratio for each set of conditions. 
Gene ID IPI number Gene Product A B C D. 
*This protein was not identified in either sample in this experiment. 
Category DAVID gene group number Gene families. 
Gene families of up-regulated genes in 4-day hyperglycemic MBL null mice compared to WT control . 
Differently expressed genes (MBL null vs. WT, t -test, p ?<?0.05, n ?=?3) were uploaded with their Entrez Gene ID to DAVID for functional classification. Gene family names are summarized for each clustered gene group . 
Category DAVID gene group number Gene families. 
Gene families of down-regulated genes in 4-day hyperglycemic MBL null mice compared to WT control . 
Differently expressed genes (MBL null vs. WT, t -test, p ?<?0.05, n ?=?3) were uploaded with their Entrez Gene ID to DAVID for functional classification. Gene family names are summarized for each clustered gene group . 
Category DAVID gene group number Gene families. 
Gene families of up-regulated genes in 14-day hyperglycemic MBL null mice compared to WT control . 
Differently expressed genes (MBL null vs. WT, t -test, p ?<?0.05, n ?=?3) were uploaded with their Entrez Gene ID to DAVID for functional classification. Gene family names are summarized for each clustered gene group . 
Category DAVID gene group number Gene families. 
Gene families of down-regulated genes in 14-day hyperglycemic MBL null mice compared to WT control . 
Differently expressed genes (MBL null vs. WT, t -test, p ?<?0.05, n ?=?3) were uploaded with their Entrez Gene ID to DAVID for functional classification. Gene family names are summarized for each clustered gene group . 
The Basic Characteristics and Clinicopathologic Parameters of the 39 Patients with Colorectal Adenocarcinoma. 
T1, tumor invades the submucosa; T2, tumor invades the muscularis propria; T3, tumor invades through the muscularis propria into the subserosa or perirectal tissues; T4, tumor directly invades other organs or structures and/or perforates the visceral peritoneum; N0, no regional lymph node metastasis; N1, lymph node metastasis; M0, no distant metastasis; M1, distant metastasis; TNM, tumor, node, metastasis. 
The Staining Intensity of STAT3, Bcl-xL, and MMP-2 in Colon Adenoma and Adenocarcinoma. 
Data are presented as mean±SD or number (%). 
STAT3, signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; Bcl-xL, B-cell lymphoma-extra large; MMP-2, matrix metalloproteinase-2. 
*p-value<0.05 compared to the adenoma. 
The Relationship between Clinicopathologic Parameters and STAT3 Expression in Colorectal Adenocarcinoma. 
STAT3, signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; M0, no distant metastasis; M1, distant metastasis. 
*p-value<0.05. 
Viral agent Virus species Modifications Cancer type Pt no. Treatment regime Toxicity Results References. 
Completed clinical trials using systemically delivered oncolytic viruses for the treatment of solid tumours. 
Viral agent Virus species Modifications Cancer type Patient No. Treatment regime Status References. 
Ongoing or pending clinical trials using systemically delivered oncolytic viruses for the treatment of solid tumours. 
Library Type Origin Status of infection Presence of symbiont Description Number of individuals / bacteriomes sampled and pooled ( quantity of RNA used from samples ). 
Libraries description and construction method. 
Accession numbers 1R Unigene length ( pb ) 2Redundancy in AO 2Redundancy in SO 31st blastx result on Tribolium Castaneum 3Accession 3 e-value 3Coverage 3Max identity 4InterProScan predicted domain. 
List of unigenes presenting statistically different representations in AO and SO libraries. 
1The R statistic test, with 500 random datasets, was performed to evaluate genes whose representation in AO and SO libraries was statistically different. Sequences showing an R statistic > 2 were significant. 
2Unigene redundancy is given for each library (AO and SO). 
3For each unigene, we gave blastx matches with Tribolium castaneum , the closest genome-sequenced insect, phylogenetically, to Sitophilus . Accession numbers of Tribolium related sequences, e-value of blastx hits, sequences coverage and max identity between Sitophilus and Tribolium sequences are also given. 
4Interproscan predicted domains are given to complete the characterization of sequences. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes of glycolysis Symbol Fold. 
Genes Symbol Fold. 
Genes of cytochrome subunits Symbol Fold. 
NKT Stage 1 2 3 . 
Genes upregulated (>1.8 fold, p<0.05) at different stages of NKT development over CD4 SP thymocytes, were compiled from the Immgen consortium microarray datasets 44 and further selected based on binding by Egr2 in the ChIP-Seq datasets obtained from V ? 14 -TG NKT thymocytes and from anti-TCR? injected WT thymocytes. The final gene list was limited to those exhibiting a conserved Egr binding motif in human within 200 bp of the ChIP-Seq called binding site using the ECR browser, online informatics tool 45 . 
GO categories of 1000 most correlated genes GO categories of 1000 most expressed genes. 
The most changing GO categories from WBC to OO. 
Sirtuin Target site Type of modification Modifier Source. 
Summary of posttranslational modification sites of human sirtuins . 
For an overview of the localization of the different modifications relative to other recognizable elements and domains of human sirtuins see Figure 2 . Ac, acetylation; ADPr, ADP-ribosylation; Me, methylation; NO, nitrosylation; P, phosphorylation; Sumo, sumoylation; JNK, JUN N-terminal kinase; Cyc, cyclin; CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase. Note that amino acid numbers for SIRT2 refer to the longer isoform 1 (IF1 in Figure 2 ) . 
Patient Sex Age at 1st NIH Visit Age at Initial Exposure Country Loa Acquired Mf/mL History of Calabar Swellings Eyeworms Other Parasites Identified. 
*Expatriate 1 infected with A. lumbricoides, G. lamblia, T. trichiura, and I. belli . 
cDNA       Missense  Stop ID Type Clones Mutations Percent     . 
Missense and stop mutations cancer and benign tissues are shown using the format: normal amino acid/amino acid number in GGAP2/mutant amino acid. An X indicates a stop mutation. Only tissues with missense or stop mutations are shown. 
ID Tissue Clones Mutations Percent  Missense mutations . 
The GTPase domain was cloned from cDNAs from prostate cancer (>70% cancer) or benign peripheral zone tissues and sequenced. A total of 23 cancers and 12 benign tissue samples were analyzed. The number of clones is indicated as is the number and percentage of clones with missense mutations. For each individual tissue the missense mutations are shown using the format: normal amino acid/amino acid number in GGAP2/mutant amino acid. Only tissues with missense mutations are shown. 
Tissue DNA Analyzed Number of Tissues Total Clones Missense/Stop Silent. 
Summary of mutation analysis of GAP and GTPase clones from cDNA or genomic DNAs from prostate cancer or benign prostate tissues. Does not include the known germline polymorphic loci. 
Clinical and molecular characteristics of 4 Korean patients with AML-NK harboring CEBPA double mutations. 
*Description at the cDNA level (reference sequence: NM_004364.3) and that at the protein level (NP_004355.2) in parentheses, according to the guidelines of the Human Genome Variation Society. 
Novel mutations are in bold. 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; NK, normal karyotype; BM, bone marrow; ITD, internal tandem duplication mutations; MRC, multilineage-related dysplasia; Neg, negative; Pos, positive. 
Integrin Disorder Experimental findings. 
Attempts to target ?V integrin function as a therapeutic strategy to treat TGF-?–associated disorders. 
Receptor Partner Binding Site Functional Role Refs. 
Proteins Selectively Interacting with Distinct Adrenergic Receptor Subtypes. 
Receptors Trafficking Pharmacology Signaling Refs. 
Hetero-Oligomerization of the Adrenergic Receptors. 
Name Website Features Content. 
Drosophila Resources. 
Model Transgene Features Relevance References. 
AD/Dementia Models in Flies. 
Model Transgene Features Relevance References. 
PD and other Proteinopathy Models in Flies. 
Model Transgene Features Relevance References. 
Polyglutamine Disease Models in Flies. 
Characteristics Menkes Disease Occipital Horn Syndrome Wilson’s Disease. 
Characteristics of Inherited Copper Transport Disorders in Humans. 
Enzyme (Localization in Cells or Characteristics) Function Symptoms. 
Cuproenzymes and Symptoms Due to Decreased Activity (Symptoms of Menkes Disease). 
Diarrhea is often observed in patients with MD, but the relation with dopamine ß-hydroxylase is unclear. 
The relation with copper metabolism and MD is unclear. 
Drug Mode of Action Maintenance Dose Side effects. 
Pharmacological Therapy for Wilson’s Disease. 
Description Gene knockout level Pten mutation locus Mouse strain Phenotype Castration resistance Comments Year Ref. 
Traditional Pten knockout mouse models of prostate cancer. 
Description PTEN genetic manipulation Gene knockout level Pten mutation locus Mouse strain Phenotype Castration resistance Comments Year Ref. 
Conditional Pten knockout mouse models of prostate cancer. 
aDe Velasco et al. [ 95 ]. 
Species Approved gene name Chromosomal location* Size (amino acids) Mass (kDa) Isoelectric point (pI) Charge Number of predicted coiled coils Accession number. 
The septin genes and proteins in five representative organisms. 
The data refer to the largest gene products for each gene, deduced from cDNAs on the sequence databases. *The numbers given for the yeast genes refer to the position of the gene along the sequence of the chromosome. A, acidic (pI < 6.5); B, basic (pI > 7.5); N, neutral. The algorithm COILS [ 56 , 57 ] was used to predict coiled coils, and the peaks above an arbitrary threshold ( p > 0.8 at a window size of 14) were counted. The mouse genome has counterparts to each of the 12 human septin genes (not shown). For comparative nomenclature of the mouse and human Sept1 - Sept10 genes and the products, see [ 58 ]. 
Deficiency Modifying Zfrp8/+ Lymph Gland Overgrowth Deleted Segment, Cytology Numbers of Lymph Glands with Phenotype/ Total Analyzed Comment on Mapping Modifying Alleles and RNAi Lines. 
Columns 1 and 2 show the deficiencies that modify the Zfrp8 null /+ phenotype in more than 50% of the lymph glands and their cytological location. Column 3 shows the number of lymph glands with modified phenotypes relative to the total number analyzed. Column 4 shows the smallest cytological interval to which the modifying effect was mapped. Column 5 lists the genes that were found to have modifying effect. n/i, modifying genes were not identified. 
Genomic Region Number of Annotated Genes Tested Alleles Tested RNAi Lines. 
Seventy genes from 10 genomic regions were tested for their ability to modify the Zfrp8/+ lymph gland phenotype. Column 2 shows the approximate number of annotated genes in each region. Columns 3 and 4 show the alleles and RNAi lines tested for modifying effect. The ID of each RNAi line is shown in braces. 
Genotype Embryos examined Penetrance a Missing muscles b Attachment defects b Duplicated muscles b. 
Penetrance indicates percentage of mutant embryos that have a defect in n?2 hemisegments. 
Prevalence of missing, attachment, and duplication defects are given as percentage of observed defect in mutant embryos. 
Genotype Embryos examined % disrupted muscles a , b. 
Percentage of all stage 16 embryos examined that have missing, misattached, or duplicated muscles in 2 or more hemisegments. 
Crosses of akirin mutants with control balancer stocks (n>50) showed similar defects in >5% of stage 16 embryos examined. 
Sequence Purpose. 
group Cell vitality LDH (U/L) NO (?M). 
Effects of olmesartan on Oxidized low density lipoprotein (ox-LDL)-induced endothelial cell injuries in cultured endothelial cells. 
Cultured endothelial cells of neonatal rats were added by vehicle (Control), ox-LDL (200 ?g/mL), olmesartan (10?5 M) or olmesartan plus ox-LDL for 24 h. 
p < 0.05 vs. endothelial cells in Control;. 
p < 0.05 vs. endothelial cells treated with ox-LDL. 
NO: nitrogen monoxide; LDH: Lactate Dehydrogenase; 1 Unit (U) is the amount of LDH that catalyzes the reaction of 1 ?mol of substrate per minute, U/L, total LDH activity per 1 liter sample; ?M, micro mole per liter. 
Gene Forward primer (5?-3?) Reverse primer (5?-3?) Size (bp). 
Primer sequences. 
Bax: Bcl2-associated X protein; Bcl-2: B-cell leukemia/lymphoma 2; GAPDH: glyceraldehyde-3- phosphate dehydrogenase. 
Proto-oncogenes Alterations described References. 
Proto-oncogenes and tumour suppressor genes linked to the mTOR pathway. 
mTOR inhibitors Mechanism of action References. 
mTOR inhibitors in clinical trials. 
Epigenetic change Putative mechanism Biological consequence. 
The most common epigenetic alterations. 
Gene Locus Function Alterations Ref. 
The most common genes silenced from promoter methylation. 
Cellular function microRNAs Expression in OSCC. 
Deregulated miRNA in squamous cell carcinoma of the oral region (OSCC). 
Genes GenBank # Forward (5?-3?) Reverse (5?-3?) Size (bp). 
Cre Driver Line/Viral Driver Construct Targeted Genes Tumor Histology Core Pathway Mutation/Dysregulation Tumor Initiating Cell Tumor Location Expression Subgroups Reference. 
Abbreviations: SVZ – subventricular zone; HGA – high-grade glioma; PNET – primitive neuroectodermal tumor; ONB – olfactory neuroblastoma; MB – medulloblastoma; NA – not assessed; NPC – neural progenitor cell; OPC – oligodendrocyte progenitor cell; PN – Proneural; Prolif – Proliferative; Mes – Mesenchymal. 
Gene Cancer suppressor activity Cancer promoter activity. 
Cancer suppressor or promoter activity of Wnt pathway components and microRNAs involved in urological cancers. 
Numbers indicate references. 
Pathway category ?FB cultures PD cultures. 
Statistical summary by categories of the KEGG gene pathways identified by GSEA (FDR ? 0.25), on the basis of differential gene and protein expressions between ?FB and PD cultured HepG2/C3A cells. 
a results using gene expression data only/results using gene and protein expression data. 
Genes     Number of  ?FB cultures    PD cultures   pathways. 
Genes a present in at least four of the pathways analyzed in Table 1, using gene and protein expression data together. 
a Genes in bold font code for HCC-related CYPs in the ?FB group, and for kinases (or protein having kinase activity) in the PD group. 
Region number Region coordinates LXR sites Regulated genes Regulated gene names  Chr Location T09 vehicle Up Down . 
Genome-wide hotspots of LXR action. 
The genomic regions that contain two or more LXR binding sites and three or more T09-regulated genes (red in Figure 2). The locations of each region, the number of LXR peaks and the number and name of the regulated genes are indicated (for a full summary of all regions and additional statistics see additional file 6 : Table S3 ). 
Gene expression data Peak within ± 100 kb Peak within 100 kb-1 Mb. 
LXR target genes with peaks in proximal region. 
Only genes with a T09 peak with FDR < 1% within ± 100 kb from their TSS are displayed (the full list of LXR target genes is available in additional file 5 : Table S2 ). Symbols for peaks are as follows: S = stringent peak with FDR < 1%, FE > 4 and P < 10-10; M = peak with FDR < 1%; L = peak with FDR < 5%; X = any peak. 
Term Count % P FE FDR. 
Enrichment analysis of high confidence LXR target genes. 
The analysis was performed using the DAVID tool [ 37 ] for the specific set of LXR target genes with P < 0.001 for differential expression. GO biological process terms with FDR < 5% are shown. Columns indicate the GO-term, its count and percentage in the target gene list, as well as the P-value, FE and FDR for the enrichment. 
Protein Domain involved Putative functions of the interaction References. 
Fe65 interactors and its functions. 
ND: Not determined. 
Study Model Ischemic protocol Duration/onset of diabetes Substrates Model of diabetes End points. 
Studies indicating the diabetic heart is more sensitive to ischemic injury compared to normoglycemic controls. 
Study Model Ischemic Protocol Duration/onset of diabetes Substrates Model of diabetes End points. 
Studies indicating the diabetic heart is less sensitive to ischemic injury compared to normoglycaemic controls. 
Study Model Ischemic Protocol Duration/onset of diabetes Substrates Model of diabetes End points. 
Studies indicating no difference in the sensitivity of the diabetic heart to ischemic injury compared to normoglycemic controls. 
Binding partners of IQGAPs. Binding partners of IQGAP family members are grouped by function and shown under the domain required for interaction. Proteins that are known to interact, but the IQGAP domain required has not been determined are listed under unmapped interactions. Proteins in italics represent genetic interactions, while all others are physical interactions. To draw attention to similar binding partners, the exocyst components are highlighted purple, formins are highlighted bright green, myosin light chains are shown in dark green, and calmodulins are shown in yellow. F-actin highlighted in red. 
Database N. of pathways Mean (Median) nodes Mean (Median) edges. 
Number of pathways converted to networks with average number of edges and nodes according to the selected database. 
Chain length KEGG Reactome Biocarta NCI. 
Frequency of compound chains that we propagate according to different databases. 
Name FDR Signal Database BCR ABL. 
Pathway analysis performed using SPIA statistical test on graphite networks. 
Name FDR Database BCR ABL. 
Pathway analysis performed using topologyGSA statistical test on graphite networks. 
MOG Epitope 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 Proliferative Response. 
Splenocytes were harvested and dose response curves were generated with the indicated peptides up to a maximal concentration of 100 µM to determine the proliferative capacity of 2D2 CD4+ T cells. The nested sets of peptides were generated from the known full length MOG35–55 epitope. Three pluses represent proliferation similar to the parent epitope, with each deduction of a plus representing a log shift in the dose required for maximal proliferation. A minus represents no proliferation above background. 
Treatment 1 Treatment 2 IC50s. 
P <0.05 in comparison to LMB alone or LMB+0.5 µM DOX simultaneously. 
Cell Cycle (%) Apoptosis (%)  Pre-G1 G0/G1 S G2/M . 
P <0.05 in comparison to control;. 
P <0.01 in comparison to control. 
P <0.05 in comparison to LMB alone;. 
P <0.01 in comparison to LMB alone. 
S6c ET-1 Group n K+ (mN) Emax(% of K+) pEC50 Emax(% of K+) pEC50. 
The coronary arteries were isolated from rats exposed to fresh air, cigarette smoke and cigarette smoke plus GW5074 (0.5 mg/kg). Emax represents maximal contraction, pEC50 represents the negative logarithm of the agonist concentration that produces 50% of the maximal contractile effect. Coronary artery contractile responses were induced by K+, S6c and ET-1. K+-induced responses were expressed as absolute values of contraction (mN), and S6c and ET-1-elicited responses were expressed as percentage of K+-induced contraction. Statistical analysis was performed with unpaired student's t -test with Welch's correction. 
P <0.01 vs. fresh air group;. 
P <0.01 vs. smoke group. 
r values in correlation test ? values in regression test Dependent variables p-Raf p-ERK1/2 p-Raf p-ERK1/2. 
Correlation analysis was performed with Pearson's correlation test and regression analysis was performed with a multiple regression test. The r value represents correlation coefficient in correlation analysis ( n ?=?10) and ? value represents regression coefficient in regression analysis ( n ?=?10). 
P <0.05,. 
P <0.01. 
GOID GO term Frequency Genome frequency Gene(s). 
Data analyzed by GO slim mapper, http://www.yeastgenome.org/ , 02/02/2012 . 
Domain Amino acid Modification Peptide Mascot score. 
Peptides identified to contain modified residues (bold) are shown. In each case the highest recorded Mascot score for the modified (+) peptide is given. All spectra from putative modified peptides were subject to manual verification. Arginine can be mono- or di-methylated, lysine can be mono-, di- or tri-methylated and glutamate and aspartate are monomethylated. 
Gene Accession Number Function. 
Putative binding partners of BCA2. 
Cytoplasmic BCA2 Nuclear BCA2 Cytoplasmic hHR23a Nuclear hHR23a. 
Expression of BCA2 and hHR23a in breast cancer cases. 
* Indicates a correlation which is statistically significant by Fisher's exact t-test or ? 2 test. 
Ozone therapy can induce the following biological responses. 
References: [ 46 , 58 , 81 , 84 , 119 ]. 
Biological responses induced via the activation of Nrf2/ARE with mild oxidative stress. 
Ref from 1) to 7): Dinkova-Kostova AT [ 74 ]. 
References from 8) to 9) : Villeneuve NF. [ 78 ]. 
Network Data Strict 1-extended. 
The filtered networks' sizes. 
This table shows the two reference networks (Ref.) and their filtered sub-networks with their number of vertices (# V), number of edges (# E) and their number of weakly connected components (# WCC). The expression data was obtained from experiments comparing breast cancer with normal breast tissue. The number of weakly connected components is reduced drastically between strict and 1-extended filtering. 
Network Method 1st Key node 2nd Key node 3rd Key node 4th Key node 5th Key node. 
Summary of the disconnectivity key node analysis. 
The five Dis -top-ranked vertices are shown for each filtered network. Most prominent vertices in the signaling networks are related to the "EGF network". The proteins hexokinase, lipoprotein lipase and further high-ranking nodes of breast cancer metabolism indicate that energy supply and conversion play the major role. 
Age Margins Gleason sum Gleason primary Gleason secondary Gleason tertiary Pstage. 
These are data from the radical prostatectomy specimens. PStage indicates pathological stage (AJCC/UICC, seventh edition) at radical prostatectomy. There were 18 Caucasian and 2 African-American patients. 
  45S 28S 18S 5.8S. 
Shown are the Spearman's rank correlation coefficients ? and ( P -values) for each pair of variables. 
Primer Position Sequence Product Size (bp). 
Type of resistance Molecule Role in cell growth Role in TZMB resistance Therapeutic intervention References. 
Mechanisms of de novo and acquired trastuzumab resistance. BCSC: breast cancer stem cell; TZMB: trastuzumab; Ab: antibody; mAb: monoclonal antibody; RTK: receptor tyrosine kinase. See text for more details. 
Enzymatic properties of rhACE2 and rmACE2. The substrate turnover rates and product formation rates were determined for the kinetic experiments in Figure 2 . Therefore, the slope of the linear regressions across all data points was determined for both substrate-product pairs and both enzymes. The mean of the absolute values for the substrate degradation rates and product formation rates for each enzyme were related to the molar concentration of rhACE2 or rmACE2. The resulting values for k cat are given in the table. 
Adhesive factor Tissue PG Biological effect Refs. 
Prostaglandins in cancer cell adhesion, migration, and invasion summary table. 
Chronic inflammation Site and associated cancer. 
Inflammation and cancer in various tissues. 
(1) Animal models of colorectal carcinogenesis . 
Animal models of colorectal carcinogenesis and inflammatory bowel disease. HCAs: heterocyclic amines. 
Agent Phase Melanoma patients (n) Observations Reference. 
Clinical trials of selected immune modulators in melanoma. 
Note:. 
An oncolytic herpes simplex virus vector encoding granulocyte monocyte colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF). 
Abbreviations: CTLA4, cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4; PD-1, programmed death-1; IL-2, interleukin 2; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression free survival; RR, response rate; HR, hazard ratio; PR, partial response; MR, minor response; CR, complete response; SD, stable disease. 
Agent Phase Number of melanoma patients evaluable for response (n) Response observed in melanoma patient(s) Reference. 
Clinical trials of single-agent kinase inhibitors in melanoma. 
Abbreviations: OS, overall survival; PFS, progression free survival; HR, hazard ratio; RR, response rate; PR, partial response; MR, minor response; CR, complete response; SD, stable disease; mut, mutant; wt, wild-type; pts, patients. 
Agent Combination Phase Melanoma patients evaluable for response (n) Response or endpoints observed in melanoma patient(s) Reference. 
Clinical trials of combinations in melanoma. 
Abbreviations: OS, overall survival; PFS, progression free survival; HR, hazard ratio; RR, response rate; PR, partial response; MR, minor response; CR, complete response; SD, stable disease; mut, mutant; pts, patients. 
Coded protein ( Gene name ) Ctrl rKGF 1 SCC/normal 2. 
Three KGFR-positive SCC cell lines were serum-starved and treated with rKGF (10 ng/ml) for 24 h. Total RNA was analyzed for differential gene expression by Affymetrix microarray. The genes with the hybridization signal above the median of the signal intensity distribution in at least one sample were analyzed. The genes with more than 1.5 fold (150% of control) change in the expression level were included in the table. 
The data represents the fold-change of hybridization signal of KGF-treated cells over the untreated cells for the indicated gene. 
The data represents the fold-change of hybridization signal between untreated SCC cells and normal epidermal keratinocytes for the indicated gene. The negative fold-change indicates decrease in hybridization signal in SCC cells compared to normal keratinocytes. ? indicates positive or negative fold-change less than 1.5. 
Coded protein ( Gene name ) Ctrl rKGF 1 SCC/normal 2. 
Three KGFR-positive SCC cell lines were serum-starved and treated with rKGF (10 ng/ml) for 24 h. Total RNA was analyzed for differential gene expression by Affymetrix microarray. The genes with the hybridization signal above the median of the signal intensity distribution in at least one sample were analyzed. The genes with more than ?2.0 fold (less than 50% of control) change in the expression level were included in the table. 
The data represents the fold-change of hybridization signal of KGF-treated cells over the untreated control cells for the indicated gene. The negative fold-change indicates decreased hybridization signal compared to control. 
The data represents the fold-change of hybridization signal between untreated SCC cells and normal epidermal keratinocytes for the indicated gene. ? indicates positive or negative fold-change less than 1.5. 
SNP Sequences Product Enzyme. 
Variable Controls (N?=?501) Patients (N?=?135) p value. 
Mann-Whitney U test or Fisher's exact test was used between healthy controls and patients with HCC. 
, p value<0.05 as statistically significant. 
Variable Controls (N?=?501) n (%) Patients (N?=?135) n (%) OR (95% CI) AOR (95% CI). 
The odds ratios (ORs) with their 95% confidence intervals were estimated by logistic regression models. 
The adjusted odds ratios (AORs) with their 95% confidence intervals were estimated by multiple logistic regression models after controlling for age, gender, alcohol and tobacco consumption. 
Variable rs10814325 rs16932912 rs11788747 rs10972727  TT (N?=?21) TC+CC (N?=?144) p value GG (N?=?64) GA+AA (N?=?71) p value AA (N?=?83) AG+GG (N?=?52) p value TT (N?=?76) TA+AA (N?=?59) p value  n (%) n (%)  n (%) n (%)  n (%) n (%)  n (%) n (%) . 
p value<0.05. 
Variable rs10814325 rs16932912 rs11788747 rs10972727  TT (N?=?21) TC+CC (N?=?144) p value GG (N?=?64) GA+AA (N?=?71) p value AA (N?=?83) AG+GG (N?=?52) p value TT (N?=?76) TA+AA (N?=?59) p value  n (%) n (%)  n (%) n (%)  n (%) n (%)  n (%) n (%) . 
Characteristic ?-Fetoprotein a (ng/mL) AST a (IU/L) ALT a (IU/L) AST/ALT ratio a. 
Mann-Whitney U test was used between two groups. 
Mean ± S.E. 
p value<0.05. 
Substrate AKR1B1 AKR1B10 References  K M (?M) k cat (min?1) k cat/ K M (mM?1?min?1) K M (?M) k cat (min?1) k cat/ K M (mM?1?min?1) . 
Kinetic parameters of the AKR1B1 and AKR1B10 enzymes . 
NA, no activity; ND, not determined . 
Isoform Level Tissue  References. 
Expression of AKR1B1 and AKR1B10 in human uterus . 
Isoform Level Tissue References. 
Expression of AKR1B1 and AKR1B10 in uterine diseases . 
Substrate AKR1C1 AKR1C2 AKR1C3 References  K M (?M) k cat (min?1) k cat/ K M (mM?1min?1) K M (?M) k cat (min?1) k cat/ K M (mM?1min?1) K M (?M) k cat (min?1) k cat/ K M (mM?1min?1) . 
Kinetic parameters of the AKR1C1, AKR1C2, and AKR1C3 enzymes . 
LA, low activity; NA, no activity; ND, not determined, 3?,5?-THP, 3?-hydroxy-5?-pregnane-20-one; 20?,5?-THP, 20?-hydroxy-5?-pregnane-3-one . 
Isoform Level Tissue References. 
Expression of AKR1C 1 , AKR1C2 , and AKR1C3 in human uterus . 
Isoform Level Tissue References. 
Expression of AKR1C1 , AKR1C2 , and AKR1C3 in uterine diseases . 
Group (n?=?9) Tumor volume(mm3) Tumor weight (g) Lung metastasis (%) Lymph node metastasis (%) Bloody ascites (%) Peritoneal seeding (%). 
NOTE: Intrahepatic tumors, lung and lymph node metastasis, bloody ascites, as well as peritoneal seeding in rats were evaluated on day 38 following orthotopic implantation of MH tumor fragments. Treatment with either vehicle or indicated drug (n?=?9 per group) started on day 10 after tumor implantation. Tumor sizes were presented by both volume in cubicmillimeters and weight in grams (mean ± SE). Lung and lymph node metastasis, as well as peritoneal seeding, were denoted as the visually positive tumor nodules (the percentages were indicated in parentheses). 
P<0.05, Student's t test (versus combination group). 
P<0.05, Fisher's exact test (versus combination group). 
Biopsy ID Recipient Gender Recipient Age Date of Transplantation Type of Transplantation Date of Biopsy (Days) Indication of biopsy Immunosupression treatment at biopsy. 
ATN: acute tubular necrosis estimation; CyA: cyclosporine A; MMF: mophetil-mycophenolate. Biopsies which representative images are shown in figure 9 are marked with asterisks. 
Biopsy ID ATN/RECOVERY HIF-1 ? EXPRESSION. 
Biopsies which representative images are shown in figure 9 are marked with asterisks. 
Forward 5??3? Reverse 5??3?. 
Nr Gene Symbol Gene Description Gene ID pValue Fold Change Verification Method GUDMAP. 
Gene Fold change wt/ko qPCR Fold change wt/ko  E11.5 E12.5 E14.5 E16.5 array E12.5. 
CANCER TUMOR BIOMARKER DETECTION TECHNIQUES. 
A list of cancer biomarkers detected by novel sensors based on nanoproteomics approaches. 
AUTOINMUNE DISEASE AUTOINMUNE BIOMARKER DETECTION TECHNIQUES. 
A list of autoimmune biomarkers detected by novel sensors based on nanoproteomics approaches. 
INFECTIOUS DISEASE INFECTIOUS BIOMARKER DETECTION TECHNIQUES. 
A list of infectious biomarkers detected by novel sensors based on nanoproteomics approaches. 
METABOLIC DISEASE METABOLIC BIOMARKER DETECTION TECHNIQUES. 
A list of metabolic biomarkers detected by novel sensors based on nanoproteomics approaches. 
The components of NADPH oxidase homologues. 
NOX, NADPH oxidase; NOXO, NADPH oxidase organizer; NOXA, NADPH oxidase activator; Rac, Ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate. 
Gene name Common name Motif Localization Human homologue. 
[35] . 
Nomenclature conflict: the name DUR3 has been used to refer to orf19.781 and orf19.6656. 
Abbreviations: Gtr1 (GTP binding protein Resemblance), Bna4 (Biosynthesis of Nicotinic Acid), Dur31, Dur3 (Degradation of URea), TM (transmembrane domain), RING (Really Interesting New Gene), cyto (cytosol), nucl (nuclear), plas (plasma membrane), mito (mitochondria), cyto (cytosol), ER (endoplasmic reticulum), extr (extracellular), Na+-substr-symp (sodium substrate symporter). 
Strain Genotype Reference. 
Xenograft model Selumetinib Selumetinib %TGI Cytotoxic dosing schedule per cycle Cytotoxic %TGI No. of cycles Treatment duration (days) Combination %TGI. 
Abbreviations: CRC=colorectal cancer; i.v.=intravenous; NS=non-significant; p.o.=per os; TGI=tumour growth inhibition; *** P <0.0005, ** P <0.005. 
Previously published in Wilkinson et al (2007) . 
Type of treatment strategy Phase III Trials Initial therapy Maintenance therapy No of patients Median overall survival Overall response Median time to progression. 
Trials using EGFR TKI as PRT or IST. 
Notes:. 
Statistically significant;. 
subgroup of adenocarcinoma treated >90 days;. 
adenocarcinoma, never smokers. 
Abbreviations: NR, Not Reported; m, months. 
Trial Inclusion criteria Therapy arms No of patients Median overall survival Overall response Median time to progression. 
First line therapy using EGFR TKIs vs. conventional chemotherapy in patients with advanced NSCLC. 
Notes:. 
Presence of EGFR mutation;. 
negative for EGFR mutation. 
Unigene ID Gene ID Gene Description Fold Change p-value. 
Several unigene hits identified in the top list correspond to unannotated expressed sequence tags, est's, and these were removed from this table. The dataset containing the data in its entirety including the est entries that were removed from this table are on Table S7 . 
Unigene ID Gene ID Gene Description Fold Change p-value. 
Genes in bold text were identified within the etsrp overexpressed dataset by visual inspection of the data. Those not in bold were identified by DAVID cluster analysis. 
Unigene ID Gene ID Gene Description Fold Change p-value. 
Bold are expressed in vascular endothelial cells at the time examined (24 hpf). 
Gene name Fold Change. 
Gene Microarray fold charge Real-time PCR fold charge. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer Product size(bp). 
Characteristics AAT Genetic Modifiers Study ( n = 378) UK national registry for AATD ( n = 458) p value. 
Baseline characteristics for PI ZZ individuals in the AAT Genetic Modifiers Study and the UK AATD National Registry. 
Data are presented as means (± S.D.) in the AAT Genetic Modifiers Study and the UK national registry for AATD, unless otherwise noted. 
P -Values for Different Phenotypes. 
Genetic association results between SNPs in chromosome 15 and lung function in the AAT Genetic Modifiers Study. 
MAF = minor allele frequency. 
Each model was analyzed assuming an additive mode of inheritance adjusting for pack-years and pack-years2. 
* p ? 0.05. 
P -Values for Different Phenotypes. 
Genetic association results between SNPs in chromosome 15 and lung function of male subgroup in the AAT Genetic Modifiers Study cohort. 
Each model was analyzed assuming an additive mode of inheritance adjusting for pack-years and pack-years2. 
* p ? 0.05. 
AAT Genetic Modifiers Study UK AATD National Registry. 
Positive findings of genetic association analysis in the AAT Genetic Modifiers Study and the UK AATD National Registry. 
Genotype Velocity (µm/min) Fraction of mobile cells D (µm2/min) P (min). 
Assessment of motility parameters in fibroblasts from Wt and TgPED mice. 
The average cell velocity, the fraction of mobile cells (i.e., cells moving at least half the wound width) the value of D (diffusion coefficient) and P (persistence time) were calculated, as described in “Materials and methods” Section, from the mean square displacements of Fig. 2C for both Wt and TgPED fibroblasts. For each sample the movement of about 40 cells was tracked for each time step. Data are statistically significant (* P < 0.01). 
Genotype Epidermal closure (mm) Granulation tissue thickness (%) Collagen fibres production Fibroblasts content Infliltrated cells content. 
Assessment of wound healing in TgPED and KO mice 4 days post-wounding. 
Skin specimens harvested 4 days after dorsal incisions from Wt (n = 16), TgPED (n = 16), and KO (n = 8) mice were examined and evaluated as described in “Materials and methods” Section (ND, not determined). 
miR-10a gene targets predicted by miRanda, TargetScan and PicTar. 
miR-10a targets predicted by each of miRanda, PicTar and TargetScan. 
Of a total of unique 1071 mRNA targets predicted across the three algorithms, 44 were predicted to be targeted by miR-10a by all three. 
Cancer Census Genes KEGG AML KEGG apoptosis KEGG cell cycle G.O.C. -myeloid related NPM1 mu t-AML gene array. 
miR-10a targets in pathways of potential relevance to AML. 
The genes listed in this table are those in each pathway that are also one of the 1071 permissively identified miR-10a targets. n refers to the number of genes in each pathway interrogated for miR-10a targets. The genes linked to each of the heading in this table are listed in supplemental section. The final column refers to genes that were down regulated in three mRNA gene expression profiling studies of NPM1 mut -AML [ 15 - 17 ]. The genes denoted in bold are those that were also stringently identified by all 3 prediction programs. KEGG- Kyoto Encyclopaedia of Genes and Genomes. GOC.- Gene Ontology Consortium. 
Biomarker† Molecular basis for biomarker targeting in ovarian cancer References. 
Candidate biomarker profiles and the molecular basis for their targeting in ovarian cancers. 
†Granulocyte/macrophage-colony stimulating factor (G/M-CSF); hepatocyte nuclear factor-1 ? (HNF-1 ? ); human epididymis protein 4 (HE4); osteopontin (OPN); mesothelin (MES); haptoglobin- ? (HP- ? ); Bikunin (BIK); phosphoinositide-3-kinase (PI3K); transforming growth factor-beta (TGF- ? ); tumor necrosis factor (TNF); urokinase plasminogen activator and its receptor (uPA/R); hyaluronan-binding protein (HBP); extracellular matrix (ECM); folate receptor alpha (FR ? ); transthyretin (TTR); inter- ? -trypsin inhibitor (I ? I); C-reactive protein (CRP); prostasin (PRSS); claudin/s (CLDN/s); matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2); interferon (IFN); apoliprotein A1 (APOA1); high-density lipoprotein (HDL); lysophosphatidic acid (LPA); G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs); receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK); periostin (POSTN, also called osteoblast specific factor 2, OSF2); kallikrein/s (KLKs); human anterior gradient 2 (AGR2); histone acetyltransferase/s (HAT/s); histone deacetylase/s (HDAC/s); histone deacetylase inhibitors (HDACi); suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (SAHA); sodium butyrate (NaB); trichostatin A (TSA); multidrug-resistant protein (MDR1, P-glycoprotein); multidrug resistance-associated proteins 1 and 2 (MRP1/2); microRNAs (miRNAs); extracellular matrix (ECM); homeodomain-interacting protein kinase-2 (HIPK2); glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI). All these biomarkers are used in various multimodal combinations in the screening/detection of ovarian cancer in high risk women.‡For more information, see (http://www.sanger.ac.uk/Software/Rfam/mirna/). 
Ingredient g/100?g diet AIN Black bean Soy flour. 
Nutrient composition of experimental diets1. 
1Nutrient compositions were calculated from the USDA nutrient database and Reeves [ 38 ]. 
2Total lipid content in diets calculated based on natural occurring lipids and added fat. The SFA?:?MUFA?:?PUFA composition of all diets was 1?:?1.2?:?1. 
3Total fiber content (11.25%) in all diets based on the amount present from individual dietary components as well as added fiber (cellulose). 
Gene symbol Gene title AOM (fold change). 
Select genes significantly affected by carcinogen (AOM) treatment in the distal colonic epithelium of male F344 rats1. 
1Data expressed as mean-fold change normalized to saline-injected animals ( n = 12/group). All genes presented were significantly altered compared to saline-injected animals ( P < 0.05). 
Gene symbol Gene title BB SF. 
Genes similarly affected by bean-feeding (BB and SF) in the distal colonic epithelium of male F344 rats1. 
1Data expressed as mean-fold change normalized to the AIN group ( n = 8/group). *denotes significant difference compared to the control (AIN) diet ( P < 0.05). 
Gene symbol Gene title Saline-treated AOM-treated AIN BB SF AIN BB SF. 
Genes significantly affected both by carcinogen (AOM) and dietary treatment in the distal colonic epithelium of male F344 rats1. 
1Data expressed as mean fold-change differences standardized to the AIN (saline-injected) group ( n = 4/group). There were significant main effects for injection type (saline versus AOM) and dietary treatment (AIN versus BB or SF) for each gene listed ( P < 0.05). 
Matricellular protein Cell adhesion partner(s) Signaling pathways Cellular and biological effects Clinical implications. 
Overview of the marticellular protein cell-adhesion signaling pathways and their biological and clinical implications. 
No. Age (yr) Gender Possible PTC-subtype Proteomics RT-PCR IHC. 
Clinical details of analyzed tissue samples. 
F: Female; PTC: papillary thyroid cancer; IHC: Immunohistochemistry; ?: not tested. 
Syndrome ( phenotype ) Affected genes Animal models ( phenotype ) Reference. 
Genes involved in neurodevelopmental epileptic syndromes and their corresponding mouse models . 
The cited literature essentially refers to animal model studies; for the clinical features of the listed syndromes, the reader is referred to the “Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man” database (OMIM; www.omim.org ). Abbreviations, if not otherwise specified, are as in the text . 
Vaccine name Design Strain modification Antigen Ref. 
Modification of Lm- LLO-based immunotherapy for HPV-associated cervical cancer. 
Immunotherapy group E7/Db tetramer positive activated CD8+ T cells in tumors (TILs) CD25+CD4+FoxP3+ Tregs in the tumor CD8+ TIL?:?Tregs ratio. 
Lm- LLO-based immunotherapy increases CD8+ T cells (TILs) and decreases CD25+CD4+FoxP3+ Tregs in tumor. Comparison of CD8+ T cells (TILs) and CD25+CD4+FoxP3+ Tregs in TC1 mouse tumor after treatment with Lm -E7 or Lm -LLO-E7. The data has been adopted and modified from Shahabi et al. [ 17 ]. 
Percent intratumoral Tregs by vector type Lm -E7 Lm -LLO-E7 Spleen Tumor Spleen Tumor. 
Percent of intratumoral Tregs in a TC1 model following treatment with Lm -E7 and Lm -LLO-E7 in mouse model of cervical cancer [ 20 ]. 
Product (manufacturer) Name of siRNA Sequence. 
Upregulated miRNA Downregulated miRNA Etiology Reference In HSC under fibrotic condition (Reference). 
Dysregulated miRNA during liver fibrosis and myofibroblastic HSC activation . 
p.o., Personal observation; NAFLD, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; HFD, high fat diet . 
#The miR-122 decrease, observed in primary HSC during culture-induced myofibroblastic activation, might be due to the dilution of contaminating hepatocyte miRNA of the primary HSC isolate . 
DLC and OLC plasma concentrations in human beings. 
Category No. of genes Raw p-value Adjusted p-value a. 
Function categories of JunB-dependent genes. 
Adjusted for false discovery rate using the Benjamin multiple testing. 
Entrez gene ID Gene Name Ratio (Cy5/Cy3) p -value LogRatio Total contextscore GeneDescription. 
p -value LogRatio was used as the criteria to estimate differences in the gene expression on array. The total context score was used to assess whether there was significance in the predicted miR-181a targets in the downregulated genes. 
I trimester (n?=?16) III trimester (n?=?21) p-value. 
Data are presented as mean ± SD, n (%) or median (range). Differences between the groups were assessed using Student's t-test for parametric and Chi-square test for categorical variables. 
Name Number of sequences Mean lengh (bp). 
No. Pathways Number of ESTs Pathway ID. 
No. Genes Fold ? Function. 
Mouse model AMH PCC PCC metastases Other affected organs References. 
Mouse and rat models with PCC. 
Approach Applies to Advantages Disadvantages. 
Mendelian disease gene identification approaches. 
Disorder Inheritance Gene identified Scope References. 
Mendelian disease gene identifications by exome or genome sequencing. 
Sample ID  Tumor Cell line Normal. 
Summary of overall WDPMP exome sequencing. 
WHO-EORTC Frequency (%) 5-year survival (%). 
European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer consensus classification for primary cutaneous lymphomas with relative frequency and 5-year survival. 
Copyright © 2005, American Society of Hematology. Adapted with permission from Willemze R, Jaffe ES, Burg G, et al. WHO-EORTC classification for cutaneous lymphomas. Blood . 2005;105(10):3768–3785. 
Abbreviations: WHO, World Health Organization; EORTC, European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer. 
Classification Patient number No. of factors Age (years) BMI HOMA HDL TG. 
Patient demographics. Study subjects were recruited from patients referred to the Pediatric endocrinology clinic at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Patients entered into the study were given a routine health assessment and a Body Mass Index (BMI) was calculated. A glucose tolerance test was administered and insulin sensitivity/resistance was determined and calculated as HOMA value. Controls were normal adult women volunteers. FMS: female metabolic syndrome patient (3 or 4 factors), FOb: female obese patient (fewer than 3 factors), FC: female control. 
. 
Study subjects were classified as either obese but not metabolic syndrome or obese with metabolic syndrome based on the clinical findings and compared to the control subjects. Proteins were identified that had expression levels that were at least 1.5-fold different between the controls and the obese patients or between controls and metabolic syndrome patients (either upregulated or downregulated). Table 2(a) shows proteins with expression levels significantly altered only in FMS compared to FC. Table 2(b) shows proteins with expression levels significantly altered only in Fob compared to FC. Table 2(c) shows proteins with expression levels significantly altered only in both FMS and Fob compared to FC. Fold changes and P values relative to the controls are listed. 
Unique ID Protein name Low HOMA Diagram color High HOM Diagram color Control Diagram color. 
Protein composition of region 1 from the cluster diagram ( Figure 2 ). Unsupervised clustering ( Figure 1 ) separated the patients into two groups. Based on a visual inspection on the cluster diagram, two regions of the protein set stood out as showing particular distinctions between the groups. These proteins are in the two regions marked region 1 and region 3 on the diagram in Figure 1 . The values listed are derived from the fluorescent values representing protein binding on the antibody microarray. Positive values represent binding increased relative to the protein standard and show up as red on the diagram, while values that are negative represent decreased protein binding and show up as green on the diagram. The values for the entire 507 proteins on the microarrays are displayed in supplemental Table 1S available online at doi:10.4061/2011/323629. 
Protein Functions References. 
ASPM: abnormal spindle-like protein, microencephaly-associated. 
DCX: doublecortin. 
LIS1: lissencephaly-1. 
CLIP-115: cytoplasmic linker protein-115. 
Class (target) Compounds Autophagic mechanisms Reference. 
Proautophagics. 
Class (target) Compounds Antiautophagic mechanisms Reference. 
Antiautophagics. 
Patient no. Source Disease phase Resistance type. 
  Mouse Human. 
Physical properties of IL-5. 
Reno-endocrine disorder, related hormones, and their molecular and genetic basis. 
Comparison of various types of erythropoietin. 
The dose equivalence of continuous erythropoietin receptor activator. 
miRNA Effect in PCA Reference. 
Regulation of EMT in PCa by miRNAs. 
miRNA Role in PCa Function Study. 
miRNAs that influence PCa progression. 
Group-I Group-IIA Group-IIB Group-III NF1 RhoGEFs CRAL_TRIO. 
The average sequence identity is given as calculated between all pairs of sequences. The numbers in bracket refers to the number of comparisons made in each group. The values are higher when compared within the group. The domains of NF1 and RhoGEF groups share comparable sequence similarity with BCH and with CRAL_TRIO domains. Thus, the domains of these proteins were referred as ‘ BCH-like ’. 
(a) Residues conserved within CRAL_TRIO domains (b) Residues conserved within BCH domains  CRAL_TRIO BCH  BCH CRAL_TRIO. 
The numbering of residues is given according to the positions of residues in yeast Sec14p and Human BNIP-2 proteins in Table columns (a) and (b) respectively. Only values above 50% are given in the table. *Proline residues of CRAL_TRIO and BCH domains are not in single column in multiple sequence alignment, they are conserved at one position apart ( Figure 2 ). 
Human offspring  Animal model offspring Perinatal Later life Parameter RUPP Hypoxia sFLT1 eNOS Placenta Cord blood HUVECs Neonate Childhood Adolescence Young adult. 
An overview of some of the evidence for cardiovascular programming in offspring of animal models and humans born to pre-eclamptic mothers. Positive findings are underlined in roman and negative findings are indicated in italic. 
ob/ob vs. WT PPAR?2KO vs WT POKO vs. WT ob/ob vs. PPAR?2KO POKO vs. ob/ob POKO vs. PPAR?2KO. 
Differential expressed genes amongst the specific comparisons. 
Number of differentially expressed genes amongst the specific comparisons for an adjusted p-value ?0.05 and log FC ? 1, unless are specified. 
ID Term. 
KEGG significant down-regulated in POKO vs. ob/ob mice. 
KEGG significant terms down-regulated in islets from POKO vs. ob/ob mice (adjusted p-value ? 0.05). 
Term Term size Odds ratio log Adj pvalue. 
Jaspar TFBS significant terms down-regulated in POKO vs. ob/ob mice. 
Jaspar Transcription Factor Binding Site (TFBS) significant terms down-regulated in islets from POKO vs. ob/ob mice (adjusted p-value ? 0.05). 
Comparison WT vs. ob/ob    Name Symbol Description Log FC Adj p-value. 
Differential gene expression between WT and ob/ob islets and between WT and POKO islets. 
Top Bio Functions   Name p-value # Molecules. 
Functions and canonical pathways as differentially expressed up-regulated genes in ob/ob vs. WT, with no significant changes in POKO vs. WT mice. 
Functions and canonical pathways identified by IPA as differentially expressed up regulated genes in islets from ob/ob vs. WT mice (fold change ? 1; P ? 0.05), with no significant changes in islets from POKO vs. WT mice. 
Note: p value was calculated using the Benjamini-Hochberg method of multiple testing correction. In the case of canonical pathways "Ratio" indicates the number of differentially expressed genes in a given pathway, divided by total number of genes that make up that pathway. 
Top Bio Functions   Name p-value # Molecules. 
Functions and canonical pathways as differentially expressed down-regulated genes in ob/ob vs. WT, with no significant changes in POKO vs. WT mice. 
Functions and canonical pathways identified by IPA as differentially expressed down regulated genes in islets from ob/ob vs. WT mice (fold change ? 1; P ? 0.05), with no significant changes in islets from POKO vs. WT mice. 
Note: p-value was calculated using the Benjamini-Hochberg method of multiple testing correction. In the case of canonical pathways "Ratio" indicates the number of differentially expressed genes in a given pathway, divided by total number of genes that make up that pathway. 
Term Name Term size Odds ratio log Adj. p-value. 
KEGG significant terms up-regulated in ob/ob vs. WT, without significant changes in POKO vs. WT mice. 
KEGG significant terms up-regulated in islets from ob/ob vs. WT mice (adjusted p-value ? 0.05), without significant changes in islets from POKO vs. WT mice. 
Term Name Term size Odds ratio log Adj. pvalue. 
InterPro significant terms up-regulated in ob/ob vs. WT, without significant changes in POKO vs. WT mice. 
InterPro significant terms up-regulated in islets from ob/ob vs. WT mice (adjusted p-value ? 0.05), without significant changes in islets from POKO vs. WT mice. 
Name Term size Odds ratio log Adj. pvalue. 
GO significant terms up-regulated in ob/ob vs. WT, without significant changes in POKO vs. WT mice. 
GO significant terms up-regulated in islets from ob/ob vs. WT mice (adjusted p-value ? 0.05), without significant changes in islets from POKO vs. WT mice. 
Name Term size Odds ratio log Adj. pvalue. 
GO significant terms down-regulated in ob/ob vs. WT, without significant changes in POKO vs. WT mice. 
GO significant terms down-regulated in islets from ob/ob vs. WT mice (adjusted p-value ? 0.05), without significant changes in islets from POKO vs. WT mice. 
ID Term. 
KEGG significant terms up-regulated in POKO vs. ob/ob mice. 
KEGG significant terms up-regulated in islets from POKO vs. ob/ob mice (adjusted p-value ? 0.05). 
Frequency       Gene (protein) Alteration Effect on signaling Luminal (ER+) HER2+ Basal (TN) Reference. 
Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase pathway alterations in human breast cancers by molecular subtype. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ER, estrogen receptor; FGFR, fibroblast growth factor receptor; HER, human epidermal growth factor receptor; IGF-1R, insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor; INPP4B, inositol polyphosphate-4-phosphatase, type II; InsR, insulin receptor; MEK, mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase; PDK1, phosphoinositide-dependent kinase 1; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; TN, triple negative. 
Kinase target Drug Manufacturer Mechanism of action. 
Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase pathway inhibitors in clinical development. 
mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase. 
Group ALT (U/L) AST (U/L) BIL (Ul/dL). 
p <0.05 compared to the Sham group. 
Protein Gene ID (human) Yeast ortholog Autophagic activity a Reference d eGFP-IP e Nitrogen starvation b Rapamycin c. 
The common proteins localizing to autophagosomes of MCF7 cells independent of the stimuli. 
a As measured by the alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity assay. The values represent triplicates, and the standard deviations are indicated. The numbers marked in bold type indicate significant changes in the value obtained by ALP assay compared with randomly chosen control KO strains ( p < 0.05, one-way analysis of variance). 
b Nitrogen starvation (3 h). 
c Rapamycin treatment (0.5 ?g/ml; 3 h). 
d Proteins previously described in autophagosomes are referenced. 
e Identified in one (+) or two (++) eGFP-IPs of cells treated with HBSS or rapamycin in addition to concanamycin A. 
f Knockout strain not viable. 
g Autophagy-related proteins but so far not linked to the autophagosome are referenced. 
h Rat ortholog. 
Imaging study Utility Pros Cons. 
Imaging modalities for RAI-refractory recurrent disease. 
Indication Pros Cons. 
Therapeutic modalities for RAI-refractory recurrent disease. 
PEIT: percutaneous ethanol injection therapy; TKI: tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
Drug VEGFR1 VEGFR2 VEGFR3 RET BRAF Other Response; PFS Citation. 
Targeted therapies evaluated in clinical trials for thyroid cancer. 
PR: partial response, SD: stable disease, TTP: time to progression, PFS: progression-free surivival, n/a: not available, and mos: months. 
Adverse event Sorafenib (%) Sunitinib (%) Pazopanib (%)  All grade ?grade 3 All grade ?grade 3 All grade ?grade 3. 
Adverse events associated with the commercially available TKIs used in thyroid cancer. 
CHF: congestive heart failure; LVEF: left ventricular ejection fraction; AST: aspartate aminotransferase; ALT: alanine aminotransferase; NR: not reported. table adapted from [ 115 ]. 
Report (number of cases and grades) Antibody used Immunostaining percentage Correlations with clinicopathological features Other correlations Survival analysis. 
Summary of reports investigating the role of AKT and p-AKT in astrocytomas. 
ab: antibody, cCas3: cleaved caspase 3, CST: Cell Signaling Technology (Beverly, MA), EP: Epitomics (CA, USA), IHC: immunohistochemistry, KPS: Karnofsky Performance Status, MVD: microvessel density, OS: overall survival, p-ERK: phosphorylated extracellular-signal-regulated kinase, PFS: progression-free survival, SCB: Santa Cruz Biotechnology, VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor, WB: Western blot. 
Report (number of cases and grades) Antibody used Immunostaining percentage Correlations with clinicopathological features Other correlations Survival analysis. 
Summary of reports investigating the role of mTOR activation in astrocytomas. 
ab: antibody, CST: Cell Signaling Technology (Beverly, MA), DFS: disease-free survival, EP: Epitomics (CA, USA), IHC: immunohistochemistry, OS: overall survival, p-ERK: phosphorylated extracellular-signal-regulated kinase, VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor, WB: Western blot. 
Report (number of cases and grades) Antibody used Immunostaining percentage Correlations with clinicopathological features Other correlations Survival analysis. 
Summary of reports investigating the role of p70S6K and S6 activation in astrocytomas. 
ab: antibody, cCas3: cleaved caspase 3, CST: Cell Signaling Technology (Beverly, MA), EP: Epitomics (CA, USA), IHC: immunohistochemistry, KPS: Karnofsky Performance Status, OS: overall survival, p-ERK: phosphorylated extracellular-signal-regulated kinase, SCB: Santa Cruz Biotechnology, VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor, WB: Western blot. 
Report (number of cases and grades) Antibody used Immunostaining percentage Correlations with clinicopathological features Other correlations Survival analysis. 
Summary of reports investigating the role of phosphorylated 4E-BP1 in astrocytomas. 
ab: antibody, CST: Cell Signaling Technology (Beverly, MA), IHC: immunohistochemistry, p-ERK: phosphorylated extracellular-signal-regulated kinase, SCB: Santa Cruz Biotechnology, VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor, WB: Western blot. 
Study populations    Total ( N = 64) Bladder cancer tissue specimen ( n = 48) Matched bladder cancer and normal adjacent tissues ( n = 16). 
Patient demographic information. 
Analysis Sense primer Antisense primer Product size (bp) T anneal (°C) Unmethylation T melt (°C) Methylation T melt (°C). 
Primer sequences and melting temperature for RASSF genes. 
T anneal, primer annealing temperature. 
T melt, amplicon melting temperature. 
Type of injury . 
Pathomechanisms leading to ITBLs after liver transplantation. 
Parameters WHO (1998) NCEP ATP3 (2001) IDF (2005). 
Measure Categorical cut points. 
Adapted from [ 22 ]. 
Species Protein content of milk (g/100?mL) Leucine content of milk (mg/100?mL) Days (n) for doubling birth weight3. 
Leucine content of mammalian milk and growth rate. 
1Data according to Davis et al. [ 37 ]; 2HP = high protein followon infant formula; LP = low protein followon infant formula at 6 months of age [ 39 ]. 3Data according to Bounous et al. [ 36 ]. 
Species Total amino acids g/100?mL whole milk Leucine content mg/g total amino acids. 
Leucine content per g total milk protein in various species*. 
* Data derived from Davis et al. [ 37 ]. 
Type of infant diet Protein content of infant diet (g/100?mL) Leucine content of infant diet (mg/100?mL) Serum leucine levels ( ? mol/L). 
Leucine content of infant diet and serum leucine levels. 
1Data derived from Nommsen et al. [ 34 ]; 2data according to Socha et al. [ 39 ] with low- and-high protein infant formulas with a whey/casein ration 1?:?4; 3leucine data according to Davis et al. [ 37 ]; 4leucine serum levels calculated according to Johnson et al. [ 74 ]. 
U87MG U87/EGFR U87/EGFRvIII. 
Relative distribution of U87MG, U87/EGFR, and U87/EGFRvIII glioma cells across the G1, S, and G2 phases of the cell cycle. Cells were treated for 48?h with Iressa, mechlorethamine (HN2), Iressa + HN2, ZRBA4, and ZR2003 in the absence or presence of 1? ? M octreotide (OCT). 
*Shows statistical differences, within the same phase of the cell cycle, between drug alone and drug + OCT ( P < 0.05). 
U87 U87/EGFR U87/EGFRvIII  IC50 ( ? M) IC50 ( ? M) IC50 ( ? M). 
Inhibition of U87MG, U87/EGFR, and U87/EGFRvIII cell growth by Iressa ± mechlorethamine (HN2), ZRBA4, and ZR2003, alone or in combination with 1? ? M octreotide (OCT), as assessed by the alamar blue assay. 
Values are presented as mean ± SEM and are representative of 3 experiments run in triplicate. 
Genes Cancer site (primary) Role and implications OMIM no. Chromosome location. 
Genes associated with increased metastatic potential. 
Gene Cancer/metastatic tumor Function(s) of protein OMIM no. Chromosome Location. 
Representative metastasis and invasion suppressor genes. 
Definitions: EGFR: epidermal growth factor; ERK: extracellular signal-regulated kinase; JNK: Jun-terminal kinase; KSR: kinase suppressor of Ras. OMIM no.: Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man Identification number ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ ), which provides detailed information and references for these genes, their protein products, and potential functions. 
Gene Cancer/metastatic tumor Function(s) of protein OMIM no. Chromosome location. 
Representative metastasis and invasion promoter genes. 
Kinases Substrates Phosphopeptide sequence Modified amino-acid residue. 
Phosphopeptide not ascribable specifically to any of two eEF1A isoforms. 
Substrates Phosphopeptide sequence Modified amino-acid residue. 
Residues Phosphorylation Scansite O -GlcNAc Yin Yang      Name Pos CS EV CD Kinases SA EV CD CD. 
Computationally predicted and experimentally determined phosphorylation, O -?-GlcNAc modifications, and Yin Yang sites in human FoxO3. 
Pos: Position; CS: Conservation status;. 
Conserved residues;. 
EV: Experimentally verified; CD: Computationally determined; FN: False negative Yin Yang sites;. 
Experimentally confirmed. 
Residues Conservation Status Flanking Sequence Methylation Status  Name Position   CD EV. 
Methylation sites in human FoxO3. 
Conserved residues;. 
CD: Computationally determined; Y: Yes; EV: Experimentally verified. 
Cancer Origin Upregulate Downregulate Targets Reference  . 
Curcumin alters miRNAs and relevant target expression in pancreatic, colorectal, breast and lung cancers. 
Total crude protein RLIP76 protein  (mg/108 cells)     µg/108 cells % of total    crude protein. 
Cell lines were cultured in respective medium and homogenate was prepared from 108 cells. RLIP76 was purified from total crude membrane fraction using DNP-SG affinity column chromatography and quantified by ELISA [26] , [29] , [31] . Values represent mean ± s.d. from three separate determinations. 
Transport activity  (pmol/min/mg protein)  14C-DOX 3H-DNP-SG. 
For transport studies, in-side out vesicles (IOVs) prepared from 20×106 cells was enriched for IOVs by wheat germ agglutinin affinity chromatography [26] . Transport activity was calculated from measurements of uptake of 14C-DOX (sp. activity, 8.5×104 cpm/nmol) and 3H-DNP-SG (sp. activity, 3.6×103 cpm/nmol) into the IOVs (20 µg/30 µl reaction mixture) in the absence or presence of 4 mM ATP as described [26] . Each transport experiment was done in triplicates in three separate experiments (n?=?9). 
order Probe name Symbol EntrezID Protein ID. 
order Protein id symbol betweenness P-value. 
: P-value<0.05, significant. 
Term KEGG ID Count a Percentage b P-value Benjamini Adjusted P-Value. 
The number of genes belonging to a certain pathway. 
The percentage of genes belonging to a certain pathway account for all the genes underwent KEGG pathway analysis. 
Term KEGG ID Count a Percentage b P-value Benjamini Adjusted P-Value. 
The number of genes belonging to a certain pathway. 
The percentage of genes belonging to a certain pathway account for all the genes underwent KEGG pathway analysis. 
Overlap with 742 Cancer genes p-value. 
Cancer genes Colorectal cancer genes. 
Pearson correlation coefficient of functional profiles. 
Gene Full name Apoptotic role References. 
Variables  ERK nuclear ERK cytoplasmic expression. 
Associations between nuclear ERK expression and clinicopathological parameters in 55 patients with colorectal carcinoma. 
Results of Fisher's exact test. 
pERK nuclear LI pERK cytoplasmic LI. 
Associations between nuclear and cytoplasmic pERK expression and clinicopathological parameters in 45 patients with colorectal carcinoma. 
Results of Mann Whitney U test. 
Variables hMLH1 expression hMSH2 expression. 
Associations between hMLH1 and hMSH2 expression and clinicopathological parameters in 53 and 63 patients with colorectal carcinoma respectively. 
Results of Fischer's exact test. 
K-ras Mutation B-raf Exon 15 mutation. 
Correlations of the presence of K-ras and B-raf mutations (exon 15) with immunohistochemical results in patients for whom staining data were available. 
Results of Fischer's exact test. 
Host Virus family /genus Virus/IRES name Reference. 
Distribution of IRES elements in viral mRNAs. 
Organism Protein function IRES name Reference. 
Distribution of IRES elements in cellular mRNAs. 
Cancer cells Tumorigenesis Metastasis References. 
The role of METCAM in the tumorigenesis and metastasis of various cancer cells. 
Developmental stage Affected pathway Expression P value No. of genes involved Genes involved in pathway. 
Up and down indicate higher and lower abundance in HP compared to AP, respectively. P-value: significance of association between dataset and IP-pathways; Fischer's exact test. 
Developmental comparison Diet Affected pathway Expression P value No. of genes involved Genes involved in pathway. 
Up and down indicate higher and lower abundance in later compared to earlier stages, respectively. P-value: significance of association between dataset and IP-pathways; Fischer's exact test. 
Species Gene GeneBank ID Size (bp) Sequence (5?-3?). 
Fwd , Forward primer; Rev , Reverse primer. 
Expressions of AR and EGFR proteins in BPH and adenocarcinoma. 
Values are presented as number (%). AR, androgen receptor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; BPH, benign prostatic hyperplasia. 
Correlation of AR and EGFR expression with clinicopathologic factors in 66 prostate adenocarcinomas. 
Values are presented as number (%). AR, androgen receptor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; Pre-op PSA, pre-operative serum total prostate-specific antigen; NS, not significant. 
Correlation of EGFR and AR expression levels in 66 prostate adenocarcinomas. 
Values are presented as number (%). EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; AR, androgen receptor. 
  EMT-6 EMT-6 MDA-MB-435 MDA-MB-435 Compound EC 50 ( ? , 24?h) EC 50 ( ? , 48?h) EC 50 ( ? , 24?h) EC 50 ( ? , 48?h). 
Integrin Main ligand Role on EPC biology References. 
Overview of the major integrin sub-units and respective ligands involved in endothelial progenitor cell biology. 
EPC: endothelial progenitor cell; FN: fibronectin; ICAM-1/2: intercellular adhesion molecule 1/2; RGD: arginine-glycine-aspartate motif; VCAM-1: vascular cell adhesion molecule 1. 
Disease Patient numbers Intervention Description Results Reference. 
Published interventional clinical trials using endothelial progenitor cells. 
EPC: endothelial progenitor cell. 
Patient# NUP age at diagnosis (y) sex clinical features. 
granuloma          total gDNA cDNA blood, gDNA Patient# NUP gDNA CD1a+ effluent CD1a+ effluent whole blood CD14+ CD14?. 
patient # NUP Clinical features status at the time of blood sample BRAF       whole blood CD14+ CD14?. 
Drug Sponsor Indications Phases. 
Smoothened inhibitors currently in clinical trials for cancer. 
Note: As listed on clinicaltrials.gov on November 9, 2011. 
Abbreviation: BCC, basal cell carcinoma. 
Parameter GDC-0449 (vismodegib) Genentech IPI-926 Infinity LDE225 Novartis BMS-833923 (XL139) BMS/Exelexis PF-0449913 Pfizer. 
Summary of clinical findings from Phase I trials of Smoothened inhibitors in cancer. 
miRNA ID Fold change p-value Raw log2 values (mean K562 vs blood) miRNA ID Fold change p-value Raw log2 values (mean K562 vs blood). 
Shown is the fold change difference expression of K562 cells compared to healthy blood samples (second column from left), and p-value (third column from left), for each presented miRNA (first column from left). The last column displays raw experimental expression data presented as log2 values (0.1 is background level). 
miRNA ID Fold change p-value Raw log2 values (mean K562 vs blood). 
Shown is the fold change difference expression of K562 cells compared to healthy blood samples (second column from left), and p-value (third column from left), for each presented miRNA (first column from left). The last column displays raw experimental expression data presented as log 2 values (0.1 is background level). 
miR-31 ? miR-155 ? miR-564 ?. 
Arrows indicate the expression of the miRNA in CML cell lines and patients in reference to its expression in non-CML cell lines and healthy blood. Abbreviations are as follows: CBL, Casitas B-lineage lymphoma; TGF?R, transforming growth factor-beta receptor; K-ras, Kirsten rat sarcoma; PIK3R1, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase regulatory subunit alpha; SOS1, son of sevenless homolog 1. 
miR-31/miR-155/miR-564. 
Staining Score AKT1 (a p?=?0.012) AKT2 (p?=?0.006) p-AKT (p?=?0.030) Survivin (p?=?0.54) Total (%). 
a is Fisher's exact p -value. 
Her2+ (n?=?32) TN/BL (n?=?72)  IRIS-positive IRIS-negative IRIS-positive IRIS-negative Characteristics (%) (%) (%) (%)  (n?=?26) (n?=?6) (n?=?63) (n?=?9). 
Spearman rank coefficient test correlation (r),. 
Spearman rank coefficient test p -value,. 
To compare multiple groups with one control group, analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used. 
p -values (two-sided) <0.05 were considered statistically significant. 
LT/RasV12 (n?=?8) LT/IRIS (n?=?9) p -value  N (%) N (%) . 
Antibody ELISA Positive Flow Cytometry Positive Immunoblot IP Binding Affinity (KD) HGF/SF Antagonist a c-MET Agonist a Antagonist of HGF/SF- Induced Cell Migration b Induces Cell Migration b. 
n.d.?=?not determined; IP?=?immunoprecipitation; HGF/SF?=?hepatocyte growth factor/scatter factor. 
assays performed using A549 lung adenocarcinoma cells. 
assays performed using SK-OV-3 ovarian carcinoma cells. 
miRNA hypermethylated Chromosome Target Functional consequences Cancer type. 
Abbreviation: miRNA, microRNA. 
Clinicopathologic Parameters (n?=?48) n. 
Gene Amplicon size(bp) Forward Primer Reverse Primer Probe. 
Genotype Average number of macrochaetes * s.d. n P. 
Bristles circled in the Figure 3A were counted. s.d., standard deviation. N, number of flies counted. P, P-value by student’s t-test. 
pum mutants compared to w 1118 . 
3' UTR UGUA N AUA * Binding ** Repression ***. 
NRE consensus sequences ( UGUA N AUA ). 
Puf binding to NRE-like sequence determined by yeast three hybrid assay as shown in Figure 5A . +++, strong binding; ++, moderate binding. 
Pum repression of a reporter containing NRE-like sequence as determined in Figure 5B . Y, repression; N, no repression; ND, not determined. 
Total cell CD4(+) cell IL-4(+) cell IFN-? (+) cell. 
Subunit Peptide MH+ ?M (ppm) z P. 
M* indicates oxidized methionine; MH+ is the monoisotopic mass calculated from peptide sequence; ?M is the error of detected MH+ in ppm; z is the charge state of the ion from which MS/MS spectrum was generated; and P is the probability that MS/MS spectrum matched the sequence randomly. Note that alkylation of cysteine by IAA increases the mass of cysteine by 57 Da. 
Gene a Relative binding b Impact on Ras activity (% of control) c Known properties H-Ras(12V)/GST H-Ras(12V)/H-Ras?E(12V) Trans formation Gene Expression Known to interact w/Ras Involvement in transport Localization to endosomes. 
Ras-binding proteins that also alter Ras activities. 
Adapted from NCBI Entrez Gene ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ ). 
As determined by the data in Fig. S1 : +++, >2-fold; ++, 1.5 to 2-fold; +, 1.15 to 1.5-fold; +/?, 1 to 1.15-fold increase in binding, respectively. 
As measured by soft-agar colony formation assay and Elk-1-mediated luciferase activity assay, in which cells transfected with the vector control were set to 100%. 
N/D, Not determined; N/A, Not available. 
Ref. ( Nebl et al. , 2004 ). 
Ref. ( Cutler et al. , 1992 ). 
Ref. ( Su et al. , 2007 ). 
Ref. ( Belgareh-Touze et al. , 2002 ). 
Ref. ( Castle and Castle, 2005 ). 
Drug or treatment Type of therapeutic agent Stage Target Tumor model Reference. 
?1-integrin inhibitors currently in preclinical or clinical development for cancer therapy. 
mAb, monoclonal antibody. 
Gene Function Expression in pBIRF5 vs. pBabe. 
Genes differentially regulated by IRF5 in MDA-MB-231 cells. 
adenotes genes with ? 2- to 3.99-fold change; bgenes with ? 4- to 6.99-fold change. Gene expression was compared between MDA-MB-231/pBabe and MDA-MB-231/pBIRF5. 
Patient demographics ER+ ER- P -value. 
Clinical characteristics of breast cancer patients. 
ER = estrogen receptor. a t -test; b?2 test. 
Downregulated miRNAs Upregulated miRNAs. 
Estrogen-regulated miRNA profiles of ER+ breast cancer cell line MCF-7 using TaqMan Low-Density Array. 
ER = estrogen receptor. The expression profiles of miRNAs which have at least fivefold changes in expression. We used U6B expression as the internal control to normalize expression levels between the two groups. Experiments were repeated in triplicates. Relative expression = 2^-(with 10 nM estradiol/without estradiol). 
  NVP-BEZ235/PD0325901 GDC-0941/PD0325901   HCT116 HT29 HCT116 HT29. 
Abbreviation: GI50=half maximal growth inhibitory concentration. 
The effects of GDC-0941 or NVP-BEZ235, alone and in combination with PD0325901, on MAPK and PI3K/AKT signal transduction in the HCT116 and HT29 cell lines were summarised from data in Supplementary Figure S5 . Data are presented as the effect of the most potent single agent, that is, the PI3K or MEK inhibitor, alone with the arrow pointing to the effect of the combination. Effects on protein phosphorylation are summarised as: ?, no effect; +, minimal inhibition; ++, moderate inhibition; +++, complete inhibition. 
Etheno-DNA adduct levels in lymphoblast DNA after treatment with VC with and without watercress. 
Etheno-DNA adduct levels in lymphoblast DNA after treatment with VC-reactive Intermediates and Repair. 
Etheno-DNA adduct levels in lymphoblast DNA after treatment with VC-reactive intermediates and repair. 
Treated with 50 nm TPA compared with control Up-regulated (n = 10) Down-regulated (n = 2). 
Differential expression of microRNAs in A549 cells. 
Genes Forward primer (5? to 3?) Reverse primer (5? to 3?). 
Primers used for real-time PCR amplification. 
Oligonucleotides Sense (5? to 3?) Anti-sense (5? to 3?). 
Sequences of synthetic oligonucleotides. 
Fold changes Gene symbol Gene title annotation DNRII/control Ras cl.4/Ras-SLGA DNRII + Ras/Ras-SLGA. 
Suppressors of SLGA that are inhibited by autocrine TGF-? signaling. 
Categories of biological processes and molecular functions represented by at least two genes are listed. 
Category Name Adj p-value Expression 402-91/ET vs 402-91. 
Database Name Adj p-value Expression 402-91/ET vs 402-91. 
Category Name Adj p-value. 
Category Name p-value Expression 402-91/ET vs 402-91. 
Location number Codon Mutation Predicted effect Clinical Phenotype of proband  Molecular Phenotype Reference      Protein expression in vitro Protein localization in vitro Protein Interaction Protein expression in patient's tumor Protein localization in patient's tumor . 
Germline mutations in the CDKN1B gene, phenotype of the mutation carriers and molecular phenotype of the p27 variant proteins. Mutations are numbered referenced to the cDNA sequence AY890407 (GenBank). 
From this patient 2 tumor tissues were available (PT and pituitary adenoma). 
UTR, untranslated region; 1°HPT, primary hyperparathyroidism; PT, parathyoir tumor; NF, non-functioning; ms, missense; fs, frameshift; PTC, papillary thyroid carcinoma; ns, nonsense, if, in frame; ZES, Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. 
Protein Function Reference. 
Menin-interacting proteins. 
Proteins in a complex with menin, possibly not through a direct interaction. 
Accession Protein name. 
Gene symbol microarray (fold change) qPCR (fold change) Binding site (BS) # of species Conserved BS per Module. 
Differentially downregulated genes from Brafcko mice were analyzed for the presence of evolutionary conserved CREB1 and ETS/SRF target sites. Nine genes were found representing putative functional ERK/MAPK pathway effectors (for more detailed results, see Table S3 ). (n.t.: not tested). 
Treatment Group Number of Animals Plasma Testosterone Level (ng/ml). 
Values are mean ng/mL ± S.E.M. 
Nucleus GO code GO description expected observed Fisher adj.Fisher. 
MicroRNAs Functions in OS Expression level in OS samples Analyzed OS samples MicroRNA targets in OS References. 
List of microRNAs involved in regulation of OS. 
Abbreviation: N/D, no data; MTX, methotrexate; 5-FU, 5-Fluorouracil. 
Characteristics of study participants. 
Implicated canonical pathways affected by differential regulation of metabolites during I? in T1D in comparison with I+ T1D and ND. 
Putative pathways that are altered after insulin treatment in T1D with respect to ND individuals. 
Kinase Number of substrates in signature Enrichment P -value. 
Enrichment of the PTPN11, SOS1 , and SHOC2 Signatures for Substrates of Kinases. 
Gene lists from each of the three signatures were tested on the KEA web-based tool for enrichment in substrates of kinases. The table reports only kinases whose substrates were significantly enriched ( P < 0.01). 
Age/sex/history Published/author Location of GISTs Primary symptom Tumor size (cm) Primary treatment Immunohistochemistry/mutational analysis Pathology Postop. imatinib/sunitinib treatment Relapse. 
Review of case reports ( n = 32). 
Abbreviations : I—imatinib. S—sunitinib.?hpf—high-power field. NF-1—neurofibromatosis type 1. SMA—smooth muscle actin. NSE—nonspecific enolase. PDGFRA—platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha. 
Risk stratification of primary GIST by mitotic index, size, and site* Tumor parameters Risk of progressive disease* (%) Mitotic index Size Gastric Duodenum Jejunum/ileum Rectum. 
AFIP-Miettinen risk stratification system. 
These Data are based on long-term followup of 1055 gastric, 629 small intestinal, 144 duodenal, and 111 rectal GISTs. 
Abbreviations: GIST—gastrointestinal stromal tumor;?hpf—high power field. Insuff—insufficient. 
*Defined as metastasis or tumor-related death. 
†Denotes small numbers of cases. 
Adapted from Miettinen and Lasota, 2006 with permission from Elsevier [ 48 ]. 
The new TNM risk stratification system [ 59 ]. 
Gene Domain homology Direction Accession number* Relative to ORF* Frequency* Phenotype transfer. 
Overview of identified molecular targets. 
*For each identified clone, the GenBank database [ 51 ] accession number is given, followed by the first and last nucleotide (nt) positions relative to the initiation codon (ATG being the +1, +2, +3 nts, respectively); Frequency indicates the number of original cell clones expressing the specific hit. †Relative to the EST itself because the start codon is not identified. ‡Relative to the genomic clone itself. Ig, Immunoglobulin; TBD, to be determined. 
Signalling alteration Role in T cells. 
Signalling alterations occurring with ageing. 
Size of tumor (T) Lymph nodes (N) Tumor differentiation (G) TNM stage (S)  ?B p value ?B p value ?B p value ?B p value. 
Kendall-tau rank correlation coefficient. 
pS2C (tumor vs.normal) Down (%) No change (%) Up (%) total. 
Kendall-tau rank correlation coefficient. 
pS3C_cancer pS3C_normal  ?B p value ?B p value. 
Kendall-tau rank correlation coefficient. 
Number. 
Cell lines EGFR status KRAS status PTEN. 
Relevant genotypic changes in the NSCLC cell lines studied. 
Database (Milan et al. contigs) Query (current study) % hits % coverage. 
Pathogen species n° contigs Effects in bivalves. 
KEGG Pathway Name Total P-value Q-value. 
Gene Ratio Ref Seq Gene description. 
Description Cat No/lot Type Sequence Quantity. 
Study Sample type Patients' numbers Year of the study REF. 
Oncomine studies used in this analysis. 
Gene Brain tumour type Upregulation fold/normal P Value Patients' number Study/year [REF]. 
Hypoxia induced genes are overexpressed in human brain tumours. 
n-3 FA group 1  Placebo group Locus Link Genes Fold change  Fold change. 
All values are means±SD. 
1 All genes were significantly up-regulated by the n-3 FAs treatment according to SAM based on 2000 permutations and a false discovery rate of 10%, see microarray data analysis for details. 
2 We analyzed by t-test if genes regulated by n-3 FAs supplementation were also up- or down-regulated in the placebo group. The change for DRG1 was significant (p?=?0.04). 
3 Significant and. 
4 close to significance (p?=?0.05–0.06) difference in fold change between the n-3 FAs and placebo group. 
n-3 FA group 1  Placebo group Locus Link Genes Fold change P-value Fold change. 
All values are means±SD. 
1 All genes were significantly down-regulated by the n-3 FAs treatment according to SAM based on 2000 permutations and a false discovery rate of 10%, see microarray data analysis for details. 
3 Significant and. 
4 close to significance (p?=?0.06–0.09) difference in fold change between the n-3 FAs and placebo groups. 
Locus Link Accession no Fold change 1 P -value. 
1 The expression of the target gene was normalized to the LRP10 internal control using the formula 2(Ct target calibrator – Ct target sample)/2(Ct LRP10 calibrator – Ct LRP10 sample) where calibrator is a random sample. Subsequently, fold change was calculated as the ratio between values for 0 and 6 months of n-3 supplementation. Mean±SD values (n?=?11). 
4 Near significance. 
Feature Class Features and Description of Data. 
More details can be found in File S1 . 
We used the terms for a custom-built GO superslim classification. 
Description (GeneDB Annotation) Common Name Systematic ID. 
Human Protein S. pombe Protein Disease Reference Comment. 
Variant Common Rare Rare Rare, Type:   Not benign Not benign     Pot. deleterious Gene AGRE Ctrl AGRE Ctrl AGRE Ctrl AGRE Ctrl. 
SNVs in mGluR pathway genes were identified in pools of AGRE or control samples and classified based on allele frequency and predicted functional impact. The values shown represent the numbers of distinct variants identified. A significant excess of rare, potentially deleterious variants in the AGRE group relative to the control group was observed for the HOMER1 , SHANK3 , TSC1 , and TSC2 genes (highlighted in bold). 
ARC GRM1 GRM5 HOMER1 HRAS MAP2K2 PIK3CA PIK3R1 RAF1 SHANK3 TSC1 TSC2 UBE3A. 
Table 2 summarizes the 58 rare, potentially deleterious SNVs that were identified in mGluR pathway genes only in autism cases. For each variant, the nucleotide substitution is shown, and the corresponding amino acid substitution is indicated parenthetically. 
Target Function. 
IC50 Values of TMC and its related compounds for the catalytic subunits of PP1. 
Summary of in vitro cytotoxicity data for tautomycetin and its related compounds against human cancer cell lines. 
Summary of in vitro cytotoxicity data for TMC and its related compounds against primary T cells. 
The sign X and + indicate primary T cells dead and live, respectively. 
Summary of in vitro cytotoxicity data for TMC and its related compounds against Jurkat T cell lines. 
Gene b AA mutation CDS mutation Sample name Sample ID Histology (WHO grade). 
Few mutations of Myc genes are found in brain tumor samples a . 
aThe mutation data were obtained from the Sanger Institute Catalogue of Somatic Mutations in Cancer web site (as of October, 2011), http://www.sanger.ac.uk/cosmic ( 105 ), in the Primary Tissue category of Central Nervous System (CNS) tumors. 
bFor MYC, one mutation was found in 524 cases examined in the category of CNS tumors. For MYCN, two mutations were found in 469 cases examined in the category of CNS tumors. No mutations were reported for MYCL1 in the category of CNS tumors (45 cases). WHO = World Health Organization; AA = amino acid; CDS = coding sequence; TCGA = The Cancer Genome Atlas ( 51 ). 
Target E3 ligase/ DUB Adaptor Comments References. 
An overview of ubiquitin modifications involved in TGF? signaling. 
At a glance reference of published GEM models of UCC. 
EUK-134 improves lipid and carbohydrate profiles in female diabetic and hypercortisolemic rats. 
GENOTYPE Muv, % Vul, % AVG. # of VPCs INDUCED VPCs INDUCED, % n     P3.p P4.p P5.p P6.p P7.p P8.p . 
All experiments were performed at 20°C. Statistical analysis was performed comparing rab-7/+ heterozygotes with rab-7(ok511) homozygotes for each vulval mutant background. rab-7(ok511) is balanced in trans by mIn1(+) , rab-7(ok511) is marked in cis with bli-2(e768) in the strain containing let-60(n1876). Fisher's exact test ( www.graphpad.com/quickcalcs ) was used to determine statistical significance. n, number of animals scored. 
P<0.05,. 
P<0.01,. 
P<0.0001. 
GENOTYPE Muv, % Vul, % AVG. # of VPCs INDUCED VPCs INDUCED, % n     P3.p P4.p P5.p P6.p P7.p P8.p . 
Statistical analysis was performed as in Table 1 , comparing rab-7/+ heterozygotes with rab-7(ok511) homozygotes for each vulval mutant background, except for in the dep-1(zh34) background where rab-7(ok511) is compared to rab-7(+) . rab-7(ok511) is balanced in trans by mIn1(+) , ark-1(sy247) is marked in cis to dpy-20(e1282) , dep-1(zh34) control is marked in cis to unc-4(e120) . n , number of animals scored. 
P<0.05,. 
P<0.0001. 
GENOTYPE Muv, % Vul, % AVG. # of VPCs INDUCED VPCs INDUCED, % n     P3.p P4.p P5.p P6.p P7.p P8.p . 
Statistical analysis was performed as in Table 1 comparing rab-7/+ heterozygotes with rab-7(ok511) homozygotes for each vulval mutant background, except for in the let-23(sy1) and let-23(sy97) backgrounds where rab-7(ok511) is compared to rab-7(+) . rab-7(ok511) ; lin-2(e1309) ; vhEx1 is compared to rab-7(ok511) ; lin-2(e1309) . rab-7(ok511) is balanced in trans by mIn1(+) , rab-7(ok511) is marked in cis with bli-2(e768) in the strain containing lin-3(e1417) , let-23(sy1) and let-23(sy97) are marked in cis with unc-4(e120) , and lin-7(e1413) is linked in cis to mIn1 on the rab-7(+) chromosome. n , number of animals scored. 
P<0.05,. 
P<0.01,. 
P<0.001,. 
P<0.0001. 
GENOTYPE Muv, % Vul, % AVG. # of VPCs INDUCED VPCs INDUCED, % n     P3.p P4.p P5.p P6.p P7.p P8.p . 
Statistical analysis was performed as in Table 1 comparing each RNAi experiment to the gfp RNAi control. n , number of animals scored. 
P<0.05,. 
P<0.01,. 
P<0.001,. 
P<0.0001. 
Tissue KRAS No amplifiable DNA  Mutated by SSEQ (%) Mutated by ASLNA (%) SSEQ (%) ASLNA (%). 
SSEQ, Sanger sequencing; ASLNA, allele specific quantitative PCR using 3?-locked nucleic acid modified primers (ASLNAqPCR); CRC, colonic adenocarcinoma; NSCLC, lung adenocarcinoma; PTC, papillary thyroid carcinoma. 
Tissue BRAF No amplifiable DNA  Mutated by SSEQ (%) Mutated by ASLNA (%) SSEQ (%) ASLNA (%). 
SSEQ, Sanger sequencing; ASLNA, allele specific quantitative PCR using 3?-locked nucleic acid modified primers (ASLNAqPCR); CRC, colonic adenocarcinoma; NSCLC, lung adenocarcinoma; PTC, papillary thyroid carcinoma. 
Sanger Sequencing Gene Exon Forward Primer Reverse Primer. 
bp, base pair. “+” precedes LNA-modified nucleotides. 
Sanger Sequencing Amplicon Temperature Time Cycles. 
Ex, exon; aFor KRAS amplification a touch-down PCR was performed; bPCR for wild type KRAS and all 7 codon 12 and 13 mutations; cPCR for wild type BRAF and BRAF V600E; *Plate reading step. 
Gene Mutation SSEQ (%) ASLNA (%). 
SSEQ, Sanger sequencing; ASLNA, allele specific quantitative PCR using 3?-locked nucleic acid modified primers (ASLNAqPCR); NT, not tested, since ASLNAqPCR primers were designed to identify only the seven most common codon 12?13 KRAS mutations. 
Mutation SSEQ (%) ASLNA (%) Literature data, % valuesa. 
ASLNA, allele specific quantitative PCR using 3?-locked nucleic acid modified primers (ASLNAqPCR); NT, not tested, since ASLNAqPCR primers were designed to identify only the seven most common codon 12–13 KRAS mutations. a References [Bamford et al., 2004; Karapetis et al., 2008; Neumann et al., 2009]. 
Case number KRAS-SSEQ KRAS-ASLNAa KRAS mutated/wild type (%)b KRAS Pyrosequencing Sample Tumor cells/Non neoplastic cells (%)d. 
SSEQ, Sanger sequencing; ASLNA, allele specific quantitative PCR using 3?-locked nucleic acid modified primers (ASLNAqPCR); WT, wild type; NP, not performed due to lack of additional DNA; CRC, colonic adenocarcinoma; NSCLC, lung adenocarcinoma; met, metastatic; LN, lymph node; FNA, fine needle aspirate; PC, pancreatic carcinoma. aASLNAqPCR primers designed to identify only the seven most common codon 12–13 KRAS mutations, codon 61 KRAS and G12F mutations are not detectable. bReal time ASLNAqPCR quantitative data. cStatus post neoadjuvant chemo– and radiation therapy. dPercentage of the tumor/non neoplastic cells ratio estimated in the area dissected for DNA extraction. 
Case number BRAF -SSEQ BRAF -ASLNAa BRAF mutated/wild type (%)b Pyrosequencing Sample Tumor cells/Non neoplastic cells (%)c. 
SSEQ, Sanger sequencing; ASLNA, allele specific quantitative PCR using 3?-locked nucleic acid modified primers (ASLNAqPCR); WT, wild type; NP, not performed due to lack of additional DNA; CRC, colonic adenocarcinoma; met, metastatic; LN, lymph node; PTC papillary thyroid carcinoma. aASLNAqPCR primers designed to identify only the BRAF V600E mutation. bReal time ASLNAqPCR quantitative data. cPercentage of the tumor/non neoplastic cells ratio estimated in the area dissected for DNA extraction. 
Diagnostic Test Specificity Sensitivity PPV NPV ACC FDR. 
SSEQ, Sanger sequencing; ASLNA, allele specific quantitative PCR using 3?-locked nucleic acid modified primers (ASLNAqPCR); PPV, positive predictive value; NPV, negative predictive value; ACC, accuracy; FDR, false discovery rate. 
Initial number of molecules Phosphorylation reactions Dephosphorylation reactions. 
Parameter Range Parameter Range. 
Start End Accession number Product name Gene symbol T. thermophila a. 
Ordered list of Ich mitochondrial genes. 
aA checkmark indicates that the T. thermophila mtDNA contains a homolog of the same gene in the same relative position and orientation. bDivergent gene order. c'Hypothetical' indicates insufficient evidence to assign gene name. 
Ich T. thermophila. 
Important genome statistics. 
aScaffolds < 2 kb in length were not annotated. bNot including 5' and 3' untranslated regions. 
Kinase group Ich T. the P. tet P. fal* T. gon* S. cer C. ele D. rer H. sap. 
Major kinase groups of Ich compared with other species. 
Total number of genes mapped to each kinase group; in parentheses, number of different families. An expanded list of all families under each kinase group is shown in Additional file 7 . T. the , T. thermophila ; P. tet , P. tetraurelia ; P. fal , Plasmodium falciparum ; T. gon , Toxoplasma gondii ; S. cer , Saccharomyces cerevisiae ; C. ele , Caenorhabditis elegans ; D. rer , Danio rerio ; H. sap , Homo sapiens . *Data for these two species was obtained from published reports [ 117 , 118 ] rather than from kinbase [ 116 ] or by orthology to the kinbase data, as for the other species. 
Number of transporters in Ich (percentage of total transporters) Number of transporters in Tetrahymena (percentage of total transporters). 
Comparison of Ich and Tetrahymena membrane transporters according to TC class, superfamily and substrate type. 
MFS, major facilitator superfamily; VIC, voltage-gated ion channel; MC, mitochondrial carrier; CPA, cation:proton antiporter. 
Catalytic class  Percentage of the     Organism Aspartic Cysteine Metallo Serine Threonine Total proteomea. 
Protease complements in Ich and other model organisms. 
Values in parentheses are the percentage of the individual catalytic class in the protease complement. aThe percentage of the whole genome that encodes putative proteases. bThe distributions of T. thermophila and P. falciparum are based on Eisen et al. [ 11 ] and Wu et al. [ 60 ], respectively. The distributions of the other model organisms are based on the results published in Merops database. 
Protein type Ich T. thermophila H. sapiens. 
Cytoskeletal proteins in Ich, T.thermophila and H. sapiens. 
  HPV positive TSCC HPV negative TSCC Controls. 
Abbreviations: FFPE=formalin fixed paraffin embedded; HPV=human papilloma virus; TSCC=tonsillar squamous cell carcinoma. 
HPV + /HPV ? P -value q -Value Fold change. 
Abbreviations: HPV=human papilloma virus; miRNA=microRNA; TSCC=tonsillar squamous cell carcinoma. 
Probeset name P -value CSCC Fold change CSCC P -value HPV+ HNSCC Fold change HPV+ HNSCC. 
Abbreviations: CSCC= cervical squamous cell carcinoma; HNSCC=head and neck SCC; HPV=human papilloma virus; miRNA=microRNA; OSCC=oral squamous cell carcinoma; TSCC=tonsillar SCC. P <0.01. MiRNAs with star or formerly shown to be present in OSCC is removed. 
Probeset name P -value Fold change CSCC P -value Fold change HNSCC (HPV+ or HPV?). 
Abbreviations: CSCC= cervical squamous cell carcinoma; FFPE=formalin fixed paraffin embedded; HNSCC=head and neck SCC; HPV=human papilloma virus; miRNA=microRNA; OSCC=oral squamous cell carcinoma; PSCC=pharyngeal SCC; TSCC=tonsillar SCC. #Formerly identified in HPV? OSCC. 
Motif Number of hits (number of unique genes). 
Regulatory motifs found by UTR-Scan in 3264 Milnesium tardigradum unique genes. 
Subset of important COGs/KOGs identified uniquely in Hybsibius dujardini . 
Notes: Overview: The entire set contains 44 COGs and 134 KOGs with the following number of COG-classes: 2[A] 1[AD] 26[C] 1[D] 11[E] 4[F] 3[G] 1[GM] 1[GO] 4[H] 7[I] 1[IG] 1[IO] 1[IR] 24[J] 1[K] 4[M] 1[N] 1[NU] 26[O] 2[P] 1[Q] 18[R] 1[RP] 8[S] 11[T] 1[TUZ] 1[TZ] 7[U] 1[V] 2[W] 4[Z]. COGs/KOGs with two or more letters are assigned to several functional classifications. The complete table can be found in the Supplementary Table IIa . 
Important COGs/KOGs identified uniquely in Milnesium tardigradum . 
Notes: Overview: The entire set contains 123 COGs and 497 KOGs with the following number of COG-classes: 13[A] 3[AJ] 6[B] 3[BK] 50[C] 1[CIQ] 14[D] 1[DL] 1[DN] 1[DO] 1[DR] 1[DZ] 14[E] 2[EI] 1[ET] 10[F] 34[G] 1[GMO] 10[H] 1[HE] 24[I] 1[IE] 1[IOVE] 1[IT] 62[J] 30[K] 2[KL] 1[KLB] 1[KT] 16[L] 1[LR] 7[M] 1[MJ] 1[N] 46[O] 1[ODR] 1[OK] 1[OKT] 1[OUT] 4[P] 3[PET] 1[PQ] 5[Q] 2[QR] 67[R] 1[RD] 1[RTU] 63[S] 43[T] 1[TDK] 1[TR] 1[TU] 2[TV] 1[TZ] 38[U] 1[UO] 1[UR] 7[V] 1[WT] 9[Z]. COGs with two or more letters are assigned to several functional classifications. The complete list of all Milnesium specific COGs/KOGs can be found in the Supplementary Table IIb . 
Subset of important COGs/KOGs identified both in Hybsibius dujardini and Milnesium tardigradum. 
Notes: The entire set contains 129 COGs and 606 KOGs with the following number of COG-classes: 42[A] 2[AJ] 1[AR] 6[B] 1[BK] 1[BL] 51[C] 1[CD] 1[CP] 1[CR] 9[D] 1[DKL] 2[DO] 1[DR] 2[DT] 1[DZ] 9[E] 1[EG] 1[EM] 5[F] 1[FGR] 10[G] 1[GT] 6[H] 1[HC] 19[I] 1[IE] 1[IQR] 1[IT] 1[IU] 127[J] 1[JD] 21[K] 4[L] 1[LKJ] 2[M] 2[MG] 129[O] 3[OC] 1[OE] 1[OR] 1[OT] 1[OUT] 12[P] 1[PT] 15[Q] 1[QI] 72[R] 1[RT] 1[RTKL] 1[RV] 17[S] 57[T] 2[TR] 2[TU] 1[TUZ] 2[TZ] 1[TZR] 38[U] 1[UR] 1[UT] 1[UZ] 6[V] 26[Z] 1[ZD]. COGs/KOGs with two or more letters are assigned to several functional classifications. The complete table can be found in the Supplementary Table IIc . 
Hybsibius dujardini Milnesium tardigradum. 
Enzymes in metabolic pathways predicted to be present in Hybsibius dujardini and Milnesium tardigradum according to the EST data. 1. 
Specific stress pathway proteins predicted to be present in Hypsibius dujardini according to the analyzed EST data. 1. 
Note:. 
Key examples; more information in Additional File 1, S-Table Va . 
Specific stress pathway proteins predicted to be present in Milnesium tardigradum according to the translated EST data. 1. 
Note:. 
Key examples; more information in Additional File 1, S-Table Vb . 
Specific stress pathways derived from proteins predicted to be present in Milnesium tardigradum . 1. 
Note:. 
Key examples; more information in Additional File 1, S-Table Vc ;. 
identified in KOGs/COGs, see supplementary table II on our tardigrade website. 
Lcb was found, but it is not clear which EST is Lcb1 and which Lcb2. 
C. Domain annotation (Pfam) Loc/Cov E value Description. 
Tardigrade specific cluster domain annotation. 
Notes: Shown are the encoded and identified domains for annotated tardigrade-specific protein clusters (TSPs). Six tardi-grade specific clusters could be partly annotated and are shown. Left: Cluster numbering is according to Förster et al; 25 TSPs were detected in Milnesium tardigradum, Richtersius coronifer and Hypsibius dujardini ; “new” indicates a new recently identified cluster in M. tardigradum from the ongoing EST sequencing effort. regulatory proteins known from other organisms given as detected in M. tardigradum : TSP8 Late nodulin protein, TSP18, Iron permease FTR1 family, TSP 19 Tau E sulfite exporter and TSP37 (signal peptidase subunit), TSP51 (Grp domain, small heat shock proteins, hsp 60,90, 17), TSP55 (DUF19 domain; could be annotated to be part of the tetrahyrdopterin synthesis). Right: Known regulators (R) or interactors (I) and their absence (?) or presence (M.t.) in M. tardigradum according to the EST data. Further example sequences can be directly accessed from our server, http://waterbear.bioapps.biozentrum.uni-wuerzburg.de . 
Inductor Inflammation Cancer. 
Inflammation and their related cancers . 
TF General, function Induction/activation Hypoxia stimulates Cooperation with. 
Transcription factors other than HIFs and NF-?B, which are involved in hypoxic regulation of gene expression . 
Studies involving the transcription factors indicated were conducted mostly in tumor cell lines and require confirmation in Mo/M? . 
References pertaining to the transcription factors mentioned are: AP-1 (Bandyopadhyay et al., 1995 ; Alfranca et al., 2002 ; Laderoute, 2005 ; Bosco et al., 2006 ; Mancino and Lawrence, 2010 ); Egr-1 (Liao et al., 2007 ; Sperandio et al., 2009 ; Xu et al., 2010 ); Stat1 (Lee et al., 2006 ; Ivanov et al., 2007 ; Sow et al., 2009 ); Stat3 (Sica et al., 2008 ; Hagemann et al., 2009 ; Noman et al., 2009 ; Grivennikov and Karin, 2010 ; Kang et al., 2010 ); Stat6 (Hagemann et al., 2009 ); C/EBP? (Dlaska and Weiss, 1999 ; Gorgoni et al., 2002 ; Albina et al., 2005 ; Elbarghati et al., 2008 ); C/EBP? (Liao et al., 2007 ; Janardhan, 2008 ; Yang et al., 2008 ) . 
TF, transcription factor; ND, not determined . 
M? type Priming Hyp. (%) Time (h) Stim. Mechanism Effect Reference. 
Controversial effects of hypoxia on TNF? secretion from M? . 
Stim., stimulus; Hyp., hypoxia . 
Activity/TCR-dependent signaling pathway Defect in Lck KO? * Defect in Fyn KO? Defect in double KO? * Notes. 
Defects in TCR signaling and development in the absence of Lck and/or Fyn . 
*Data on mature T cells deficient in Lck expression is from mouse with inducible Lck expression, which can be turned off after development (Legname et al., 2000 ; Seddon et al., 2000 ). nd, Not determined . 
Larval stages Pupal stages Adult stages. 
RNA from each life stages were individually extracted and combined equally prior to cDNA library synthesis. 
Gene ID Dipteran gene Length (bp) E-value Protein Identity (%) Function (Species). 
A. aegypti: Aedes aegypti ; D. melanogaster: Drosophila melanogaster ;. 
G.. morsitans: Glossina morsitans morsitans. 
Gene Gene ID DEGs library fold by DEG P value Q value fold by qPCR. 
6.47*: up-regulated at larval stage (P value<0.001);. 
?5.39**: down-regulated at adult stage (P value<0.001);. 
TK (control) ***: non-DEG. 
Compound ID Specificity Parental (EC50 µM) H1047R A (EC50 µM) H1047R B (EC50 µM). 
Specificities and CellTiter-Glo viability assay EC50s for parental and H1047R clones. 
The Number of ACF according to Time Sequence in DMH-Induced Rat Colon Carcinogenesis. 
Data are presented as mean±SD. 
ACF, aberrant crypt foci; DMH, 1,2-dimethylhydrazine. 
Trial Population Therapy Overall Survival (month) HR P-value Prognostic ? KRAS wt KRAS mut. 
KRAS Mutation and Prognosis. 
3 year Disease free survival. 
statistically not significant. 
Abbreviations: BSC, best supportive care; Cape, capecitabine; OX, oxaliplatin; Cmab, cetuximab; mut, mutated. 
Population HR (95% CI) Reference Prognostic ?. 
BRAF Mutation and Prognosis. 
Abbreviations: CT, chemotherapy; CB, CapeOX/bevacizumab; CBC, CapeOX/bevacizumab plus cetuximab. 
Population Therapy BRAF wt BRAF mut P-value Prognostic ?. 
BRAF Mutation and Prognosis in the Clinical Trials Evaluating Combination of Cetuximab with Chemotherapy. 
Abbreviations: CT, chemotherapy; CB, CapeOX/bevacizumab; CBC, CapeOX/bevacizumab plus cetuximab. 
KRAS mut BRAF mut. 
Are KRAS/BRAF Mutations Predictive and/or Prognostic?. 
Abbreviations: MSI, microsatellite unstable; MSS, microsatellite stable. 
Integrin subunits Major Ligands. 
Integrin subunits and their ligands. 
Gene Polymorphic sites Nonsyn Syn Gene size(bp) Theta_W c Theta_Pairwise d   Tsa Tvb Ts Tv   . 
: Transition and transversion mutations. 
: Watternson's estimate of genetic diversity based on the number of polymorphic sites [43] . 
: Tajima's estimate of genetic diversity based on average pairwise differences [42] . 
e,f: We found an alternative annotation in the literature [74] . The corresponding numbers are 279 and 1518 respectively. 
A full display of all variants was given in the supplementary Figure S2 . 
lnL(Null model) lnL(Alter model) -2lnL (pvalue) Positive selected sites(BEB posterior pvalue). 
All sites with posterior probability (BEB) greater than 0.5 were listed in this table, * significance at 95% level, ** significance at 99% level. 
Population Type Sample size E6 E7 Reference    R10G D25E L83V E113D N29S . 
: Places in China, also see Figure S1 . 
-: not reported. 
Sarcoma types Study design Target Inhibitor types Results References. 
Therapeutic implications of Ras-Raf-MEK-ERK targeting in bone sarcomas. 
PR: Partial response; MR: Minor response; SD: Stable disease, *Human sarcoma xenografts in mice. 
Agents Phase Target Cancer Current status Responses Ref. 
Death receptor-targeted agents in clinical development. 
Abbreviations: NHL, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, NSCLC, non-small-cell lung carcinoma, PR, partial response, and SO, stable disease. 
Inhibitors Stimulators. 
Hormones, growth factors, and other factors regulating beta-cell mass. 
Modified from Nielsen et al. [ 29 ]. aFGF, acidic fibroblast growth factor; CCK, cholecystokinin; Cx. Connexin; HB-EGF, heparin-binding EGF-like protein; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor/scatter factor; IAPP, islet amyloid polypeptide; IFN, interferon; IL, interleukin; INGAP, islet neogenesis- associated peptide; NGF, nerve growth factor; NT-3, neurotrophin-3; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; PSP, pancreatic stone protein; PTP, pancreatic thread protein; SU, sulfonylurea; TGF, transforming growth factor; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Type of tumor Frequency of telomerase activity , % Number of researched samples [Reference]. 
Frequency of telomerase activity in different types of tumors. 
Carcinogenic events Target gene Function Drugs used to suppress function. 
A list of target genes for drugs based on gene-targeted nucleic acids. 
Target-genes Drug Tumor type Effect. 
Results of nucleic acid-based drugs testing in vitro. 
RNA-target Drug Tumor type Effect Trial stage. 
Results of nucleic acid-based drugs testing in vivo. 
Gender Age Psoriasis type PASI PsA Inheritance. 
Patient's information. 
Patient Age Gender Diagnosis. 
Pathological diagnosis of patients with atherosclerosis. 
Blot, number Protein name %Vol Affected skin Unaffected skin. 
Proteins identified as different at involved and uninvolved psoriatic skin [ 52 ]. 
Gene Identification Number Location Gene Identification Number Location. 
The list of genes common for pathogenesis of psoriasis and Crohn's disease. 
Processes P-value. 
The common cell processes typical for psoriasis and Crohn's disease. 
Coenzyme name Structure of prosthetic group derivative Classes of enzymes. Type of reaction, which involves the prosthetic group. 
The main prosthetic groups involved in biocatalytic reactions. 
alf clone number 1ststage, normal helper phage 1ststage, mutant helper phage 2ndstage, normal helper phage 2ndstage, mutant helper phage 3rdstage, normal helper phage 3rdstage, mutant helper phage ELISA signal. 
Relative representation of fingerprint variants of selected nanoantibody clones recognizing the anthrax lethal factor (alf), at various selection stages. 
aRv clone number 2ndstage, normal helper phage 2ndstage, mutant helper phage 3rdstage, normal helper phage 3rdstage, mutant helper phage ELISA signal. 
Relative representation of fingerprint variants of selected nanoantibody clones recognizing Rabies virus preparation (aRv), at various selection stages. 
Cells Cell line name Organism Apoptosis inducer References. 
Cellular models of p66shc inactivation (via either p66shc gene deletion or expression of ? dominant-negative mutant of p66shc at S36) with phenotype of apoptosis resistance. 
Pathology associated with apoptosis Organism and genetic line Reference. 
p66 involvement in the development of pathologies associated with oxidative stress and demonstrated on physiological models (experiments with p66shc knockout animals or comparison between young and elderly individuals). 
Primer  Sequence (5? ? 3?) Position (mRNA) Amplicon size (bp) UPL probe no. 
List of primers used for qRT-PCR analysis of gene expression. 
Abbreviations: CERS: ceramide synthase; SMPD: sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase; UGCG: UDP glucose ceramide glycosyltransferase; SPTLC: serine palmitoyl transferase; CERD: ceramidase; GM3Syn: GM3-synthase; EDEM: ER degradation-enhancing ? -mannosidase-like protein; CHOP: C/EBP homologous protein; p58IPK: inhibitor of interferon-induced and double stranded RNA activated kinase; GRP78: glucose regulated protein 78; ATF: activating transcription factor-4; HERP: homocysteine-responsive endoplasmic reticulum-resident ubiquitin-like domain member 1; WARS: tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase. 
Control Ethanol P value. 
Effects of chronic ethanol exposure on proinflammatory cytokine levels in liver tissue. 
Liver protein homogenates were used to measure immunoreactivity of the indicated cytokines by multiplex ELISA. Immunoreactivity was normalized to protein concentration and data are expressed as mean ± SEM of fluorescence light units (arbitrary). mRNA was used to measure gene expression of TNF- ? , IL-1 ? , and IL-6 via qRT-PCR. Results were normalized to ribosomal 18S levels measured in the same samples. Intergroup comparisons were made using t -test and significant P values are indicated in the right columns. 
Control Ethanol P value. 
Effects of chronic ALD on the integrity of the Akt signaling pathway. 
Liver homogenates were used to measure immunoreactivity by multiplex ELISA. Phospho/total signaling protein levels were calculated. Immunoreactivity was normalized to protein concentration and data are expressed as mean ± SEM of fluorescence light units (arbitrary). Intergroup comparisons were made using t -tests. Significant P values are indicated in the right column. 
Protein Control Ethanol P value. 
Effects of chronic ethanol consumption on hepatic expression of proceramide genes-biosynthetic pathways. 
RNA extracted from normal or chronic alcoholic livers ( N = 8/group) was reverse transcribed, and the cDNAs were used to measure gene expression by qPCR analysis with gene-specific primer pairs in a duplex qPCR reaction, in which the genes of interest were co-amplified with HPRT for normalization (see Section 2 and Table 1 ). Table represents relative levels of gene expression for Ceramide synthases (CERS), UDP glucose ceramide glycosyltransferase (UGCG), ceramidases (CERD), GM3-synthase, serine palmitoyl transferase subunits (SPTLC), sphingomyelinases (SMPD). Intergroup comparisons were made using Student's t -tests and significant P values are shown over the graphs. 
Comparison of aberrant angiogenesis under diabetes . 
Therapy Patients ( n ) Positive responders Comments Ref. 
Compounds clinically tested as new DBA treatments and their respective outcome. 
Cell line Gene Amino-acid change Sensitivity. 
Abbreviations: CRC=colorectal cancer; NSCLC=non-small cell lung cancer; R=resistant; S=sensitive; —=no mutations. 
Gene symbol Gene name FC P -value. 
Abbreviations: CRC=colorectal cancer; NSCLC=non-small cell lung cancer. 
  Mean colony number s.e. Fold reduction P -value. 
Abbreviations: BMS=Bone marrow stroma; DMSO=dimethyl sulphoxide; PC-3 colony formation after statin treatment in BMS co-culture assay. PC-3 cells were treated with 1? ? ? atorvastatin, mevastatin, simvastatin, 5? ? ? rosuvastatin or 10? ? ? pravastatin daily for 8 days in BMS co-culture. Colonies >32 cells were counted. Table 1 shows the mean number of colonies, the fold reduction in numbers as compared with the relevant vehicle controls and the significant difference between treatments and their respective vehicle controls. 
  No. of patients %. 
Other tumour types included germ cell, Hodgkin's disease and small-cell lung cancer. 
  Total ( n =82) 0.2–6.4?mg ( n =21) 12–20?mg ( n =30) 25?mg ( n =24) 32?mg ( n =7) Adverse event n % n % n % n % n %. 
  Total ( n =82) 0.2–6.4?mg ( n =21) 12–20?mg ( n =30) 25?mg ( n =24) 32?mg ( n =7) Adverse event n % n % n % n % n %. 
      Best response, n (%) Dose level (mg per day) No. of patients Duration in weeks (range) Partial response Stable disease Progressive disease Not evaluated. 
Twenty-one patients did not meet eligibility criteria for evaluation of tumour response. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold change. 
(a) Clofibrate. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold change. 
(b) AS601245. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold change. 
(c) Clofibrate + AS601245. 
bThe top ten genes upregulated and downregulated the most by 5? ? M Clofibrate ( Table 1(a) ), 0.1? ? M AS601245 ( Table 1(b) ), and combined treatment ( Table 1(c) ) with respect to DMSO-treated Caco-2 cells at 24?h. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold change. 
Upregulated genes containing PPRE sequencesb. 
bThe genes harbouring PPRE sequences among the upregulated genes by treatment with 5 ? M clofibrate, 0.1 ? M AS601245, and combined treatment versus DMSO-treated Caco-2 cells at 24?h. 
Primer M13SV1-EGFP-Neo M13MDA-435-1 M13MDA-435-3 MDA-MB-435-Hyg. 
Genotypic analysis of M13SV1-EGFP-Neo/MDA-MB-435-Hyg hybrid cells. 
a These primer pairs were used for the multiplex PCR. 
Individual III-5 Individual IV-1 Shared variants Whole genome Whole exome X exome X exome. 
Summary of whole genome, whole exome and X chromosome specific exome sequencing for two affected related individuals. 
The number of variants for each step in the analysis pipeline for the three distinct sequencing methods is shown. There were a total of 15 variants covering 12 genes shared among the two individuals (SSX4, FOXR2, RAB40AL, GRIPAP1, CLCN5, FOXR2, SPIN3, ARHGEF9, FAM123B, KIAA2022, AR, TRPC5). Of these 12 genes, seven were expressed in the fetal nervous system (GRIPAP1, CLCN5, SPIN3, ARHGEF9, FAM123B, KIAA2022, RAB40AL) and two of these genes (ARHGEF9 and RAB40AL) contained missense mutations and segregation with the phenotype in the family. 
MS, missense; NS, nonsense; SS, splice site; UTR, untranslated region. 
V WT MUT F2,26 p Value. 
Quantitative analysis of transfection experiments. 
ANOVA analysis was performed to determine the F and p values, and post hoc comparisons were performed to determine differences among the three groups with a Bonferroni correction (see text). 
GFP, green fluorescent protein; MUT, GFP–RAB40AL–p.D59G; N, number of experiments; V, vector only; WT, GFP–RAB40AL SD, standard deviation. 
Characterization of PDAC tissues used in QRT-PCR analysis. 
Characterization of PDAC tissues used in IHC analysis. 
Embryonic pathway Mechanism Reference. 
Embryonic signaling pathways in rhabdomyosarcoma. 
ClinicalTrials.gov no. Indication Compound Mechanism Phase Start date Completion date Sponsor/collaborator. 
Clinical trials evaluating drugs that target Notch, WNT, or Hedgehog signaling pathways in children. 
Obtained from clinicaltrials.gov website January 8, 2012. 
ClinicalTrials.gov no. Indication Compound Mechanism Phase Start date Completion date Sponsor/collaborator. 
Clinical trials evaluating drugs that target Notch, WNT, or Hedgehog signaling pathways in sarcomas. 
Obtained from clinicaltrials.gov website January 8, 2012. 
Major features Minor features. 
(a) TSC. Definite TSC: two major or one major and two minor features; probable; TSC: one major and one minor feature; possible TSC: one major or two or more minor features. 
Family history of NF1 Neurofibromas or plexiform neurofibromas. 
(b) NF1. Presence of two or more clinical features. 
(c) FXS. 
Pathognomic criteria Major criteria Minor criteria. 
(d) PTHS (Only Cowden syndrome has diagnostic criteria). Cowden syndrome. Operational diagnosis: mucocutaneous lesion alone if: 6 or more facial papules, 3 or more trichilemmoma; cutaneous facial papules and oral mucosal papillomatosis; oral mucosal papillomatosis and acral keratosis, or 6 or more palmoplantar keratosis; or two or major criteria, including macrocephaly or adult Lhermitte-Duclos disease; or one major or three minor criteria; or four minor criteria. 
EIF4E (No diagnostic criteria). 
Condition Gene (chromosome) Mechanism of impaired synaptic plasticity impairment mTOR physiology Therapeutic targets. 
Mechanisms of impaired synaptic plasticity, mTOR dysregulation, and therapeutic targets. 
Study Species T-cell phenotype Effector T cell Memory T-cell Mode of (re)-stimulation. 
Studies describing differences in antigen sensitivity between naïve and primed T cells. Differences listed are in comparison to naïve T cells. 
Studies describing differences in the TCR signaling machinery of naïve and primed T cells. Green cells indicate the investigated T cell populations. Arrows indicate an increase. P denotes phosphorylation of the given enzyme following TCR triggering. 
p-MEK  p-ERK   negative positive p negative positive p. 
Correlations among RKIP, p-MEK, and p-ERK expressions. 
cytoplasmic  cytoplasmic  nuclear    RKIP  p-MEK  p-ERK   n negative positive p negative positive p negative positive p. 
Clinicopathological factors and expression of RKIP, p-MEK, and p-ERK. 
Univariatea) Multivariate 1b) Multivariate 2c)  5-yr RFSd) p HR 95%CI p HR 95% CI p. 
Prognostic factors in multivariate Cox proportional-hazards regression models for RFS. 
a) log-rank test. 
b) analysed factors: Histopathology, Depth of invasion, Lymph node metastasis, RKIP, and pERK. 
c) analysed factors: Histopathology, Depth of invasion, Lymph node metastasis, and Combined expression of RKIP and pERK. 
d) the rate of 5-year relapse free survival. 
Genes Translocation. 
Common Ewing sarcoma/PNET family of tumours chimeric fusion gene translocations: Most frequently implicated chimeric fusion gene translocations. 
*Other ETS family partners: ETV4, PATZ1 (~5%), FUS-ERG (< 1%). 
(Primer of the Molecular Biology of Cancer. Cancer Principles and Practice. Chapter 26; Sarcomas, p 334 Table 26.1). 
Study Title Phase protocol's ID Sponsor/lead organisations Important points Primary objective. 
Selected National Cancer Institute, U.S. 
Clinical trials in Ewing sarcoma www.cancer.gov Entered search terms: Ewing sarcoma/PNET. Search, restricted to treatment. 
*ASCO Annual meeting Chicago, 2011. The combination of Cixutumumab and temsirolimus was well tolerated in a study of 17 Ewing sarcoma patients. Prolonger tumour reduction in excess of 6 months and one complete response was seen in 29% of heavily pre-treated patients with Ewing's sarcoma/PNET (Poster Discussion Session Board #23). 
T-Stage AJCC Total (n = 85) FD (n = 65) RD (n = 19). 
AJCC-Classification of the patient population. 
Clinical Staging of 85 breast cancer patients presenting with First Diagnosis (FD) or Recurrence Disease (RD) were enrolled in this study. T-Stage represents disease staging according to the American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
*1 patient RD/FD uncertain, **TNM information unavailable. 
APC RASSF1 GSTP1   neg pos neg pos neg pos. 
Correlation of hypermethylation in 4 genes. 
* p < 0.05. 
Number of Methylation PositivePatients   Number of CTC Positive Patients Methylation OR CTC pos . 
Frequencies of methylated genes, CTC and combinations in association to clinico-pathological features. 
p < 0.05; ** p < 0.005 high significant. 
Patients Number of methylation positive Patients. 
Frequencies of methylated genes in association to circulating tumor cells. 
* p < 0.05; ** p < 0.005 high significant. 
a) Densitometric analysis of Western blots of GTPases - ras, rac1 and rhoA, and actin in normal and CML PMNL. 
Quantitation of GTPases and actin expression. 
Values represent Mean ± S.E.M.; Normal - n = 14 and CML - n = 22; $ = significantly different as compared to the unstimulated control; # = significantly different as compared to the respective normal PMNL. 
fMLP Stimulation PMNL Sample Distribution      Non-normal Normal. 
Distribution of samples according to co-localization of F-actin with rhoA. 
20% percentile is used as a cut off for defining the pattern of co-localization of F-actin with rhoA in normal and CML PMNL, as "normal" and "non-normal". Values in bold and italics mark the increased "non-normal" population. 
Protein HGNC Ortholog name Unique peptide number Mascot score a Molecular Function Effect of knockdown on Ack anti-apoptotic activity. 
Mascot score?=??10log(P) where P is the probability that the match is incorrect. 
[MKT-077] (µg/ml) n ? k (min?1) r2 RMS error(ng/105 cells) Initial uptake rate (ng/105 cells min) Steady-state [MKT-077] (ng/105 cells) ??mit (mV). 
Values are means ± SD. Values in italics are the means of the 95% confidence intervals. One-way ANOVA with Bonferroni's Multiple Comparison Tests:. 
p<0.001 vs. 2 µg/ml value,. 
p<0.001 vs. 4 µg/ml value,. 
p<0.05 vs. 2 µg/ml value. 
Model Model Function r2 RMS error (mm Hg) Fitted parameter q1 [ml O2/(105 cells min)] Number of fits with q<0. 
Values are means ± SD. Repeated Measures One-Way ANOVA: Goodness-of-fit values (r 2 and RMS error) - p<0.0001. Bonferroni's Multiple Comparison Tests:. 
p<0.001 vs. “uptake” model value,. 
p<0.01 vs. “uptake” model value. Paired t-tests:. 
p<0.02 vs. “constant” model value,. 
p<0.002 compared to q 1 values determined from linear fit of pre-injection pO 2 data (t?0) {q 1?=? 4.37±1.02×10? 6 [ml O 2/(10 5 cells min)], mean ± SD, n?=?20}. 
[MKT-077] (µg/ml) n P * Initial pO2 (mm Hg) q1 [ml O2/(105 cells * min)] ?2 {[ml O2 (105 cells)]/(ng MKT-077)2} ?r {[ml O2 (105 cells)0.5]/(ng MKT-077)0.5} Calculated q2 [ml O2/(105 cells * min)] r2 RMS error (mm Hg). 
Control experiments (row 1) were fitted to a straight line. Values are means ± SD for each parameter. Values in italics are the means of the 95% confidence intervals. P*?=?initial PO 2, q 1?=?initial consumption rate, ? 2?=?proportionality constant from “rate” model, ? r?=?true proportionality constant ( Equation 18 ), q 2?=?consumption rate at equilibrium. The p-value reports the significance of the one-way ANOVA test to compare the values among the groups. The Bonferroni t-test was used to compare the multiple pairs among the groups if the ANOVA test showed a significant difference. 
p<0.001 vs. 2 µg/ml value;. 
p<0.05 vs. 2 µg/ml value. 
First Author Year Country Methods M/N (%) N Stage Grade Materials OS DFS          HR (95%CI) HR (95%CI). 
FFPE, formalin fixed paraffin-embedded; PBP, peripheral blood-plasma; FF, fresh-frozen; FNAW, fine-needle aspirate washings; MSP, methylation specific PCR; QMSP, quantitative methylation specific PCR. 
N. of studies/cases HR (95% CI) Heterogeneity    ?2 p I2. 
MSP, methylation specific PCR; QMSP, quantitative methylation specific PCR. 
Protein target a Function Locus ID Bait cDNA Library Activation of lacZ b Competed out by Mtx b. 
Candidate target proteins identified using the yeast-based screening platform for profiling of small molecule interactions . 
Candidate targets were identified by screening for yeast growth on selective medium (–Leu) supplemented with the bait indicated. A total of about 10 6 colonies were screened for each library and bait. No candidates were obtained with Mtx–JA, Mtx–CA, and Mtx–ABA . 
aThe number of hits in brackets shown for each target represents the total number of independent yeast colonies identified during the cDNA library screenings . 
bAll initial candidates were validated by retransfection into new yeast cells, activation of the second reporter gene ( lacZ ), and competition between the bait and Mtx . 
cSee Figure 4 B . 
dThe corresponding cDNA is not full length, the protein is truncated at the N-terminus . 
eNot determined . 
Effector Species Function/features Reference. 
Examples of effector proteins with demonstrated nuclear localization from different phytopathogenic microorganisms . 
Trial Year Trial type N Treatment Efficacy outcome Safety outcomes a. 
Recent trials of erlotinib and radiotherapy in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma . 
CR, complete response; DLT, dose-limiting toxicity; GICOR, Grupo de Investigación Clínica en Oncología Radioterápica; MTD, maximum tolerated dose; ORR, overall response rate; PFS, progression-free survival; RT, radiotherapy . 
aMost commonly reported moderate-to-severe adverse events . 
Trial Year Trial type N Disease type Treatment Efficacy outcome Safety outcomes a. 
Recent trials of erlotinib and radiotherapy in NSCLC . 
NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; PR, partial response; RR, response rate; RT, radiotherapy; SD, stable disease; WBRT, whole-brain radiotherapy . 
aMost commonly reported moderate-to-severe adverse events . 
Trial Year Trial type N Disease type Treatment Efficacy outcome Safety outcomes a. 
Recent trials of erlotinib and RT in GBM, esophageal cancer, and pancreatic cancer . 
5-FU, 5-fluorouracil; CR, complete response; DLT, dose-limiting toxicity; GBM, glioblastoma; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; PR, partial response; RT, radiotherapy; SD, stable disease . 
aMost commonly reported moderate-to-severe adverse events . 
Members of the Wnt pathway grouped according to function . 
Gene Mutation or activity/expression Tumor No. of cases Reference. 
Events linked with aberrant activation of Wnt signaling in thyroid cancer . 
*?-catenin gene; GOF, gain of function; LOF, loss of function; FTC, follicular thyroid carcinoma; PTC, papillary thyroid carcinoma; ATC, anaplastic thyroid carcinoma; PD, poorly differentiated; UD, un-differentiated; CMV–PTC, cribriform–morular variant of PTC . 
Tumor type Cytoplasmic expression Nuclear expression No. of cases Reference. 
Localization of ?-catenin in thyroid carcinoma . 
FA, follicular adenoma; FVPTC, follicular variant of PTC; the other acronyms of tumor type as defined in Table 2 . 
Ubiquitin ligase Substrates References. 
Cul2-type ubiquitin ligases and corresponding substrates . 
Cul5-type ubiquitin ligases Substrates References. 
Cul5-type ubiquitin ligases and corresponding substrates . 
Viral ECS-type ubiquitin ligases Substrates References. 
Viral ECS-type ubiquitin ligases and corresponding substrates . 
RASSF1A Codonl33Ala/Ser Ser (S)?=?A Ala (A)?=?C rs 2073498. 
Frequency of the A(133)S SNP in normal and breast cancer patient populations of Non-African American and African American women . 
Codon 133 status Number of patients Mean age of onset. 
Average age of onset of breast cancer in wt vs. rs2073498 SNP patients . 
T -tests give a P -value of 0.85 . 
Protein target RASSF1AWT RASSF1AA133S. 
Summary of proteins identified as demonstrating differential interactions with the wild type and A(133)S variant of RASSF1A . 
Quantification of interactions is shown as protein abundance factor (PAF). Essentially this value is calculated from the total of unique MS/MS spectra that identified each individual protein divided by the molecular weight (Dalton)?×?10 4. Proteins denoted in blue are proteins that are already known to bind directly to RASSF1A. Therefore, their presence in the screen at equivalent levels serves as an internal control. The levels of RASSF1A expressed during the transfection can also be seen to be similar (denoted in red) . 
DCAF Substrate Substrate functions Associated pathogenesis Reference. 
Involvement of CUL4A substrates in pathogenesis . 
Gene name Biological functions Types of cancer involved Reference. 
A brief description of the pVHL substrates and the types of cancer they are involved in . 
Function and tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Parietal cortex Pituitary gland Hypothalamus . 
Components of cell signaling and communication preferentially expressed in the hypothalamus . 
All tags are expressed at higher levels in the hypothalamus compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
Function and tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Parietal cortex Pituitary gland Hypothalamus . 
Other transcripts preferentially expressed in the hypothalamus . 
All tags are expressed at higher levels in the hypothalamus compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
Tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Parietal cortex Hypothalamus Pituitary gland . 
Hormones preferentially expressed in pituitary gland . 
All tags are expressed at higher levels in the pituitary gland compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
Function and tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Parietal cortex Hypothalamus Pituitary gland . 
Components of the metabolism and cell signaling/communication preferentially expressed in pituitary gland . 
All tags are expressed at higher levels in the pituitary gland compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
Function and tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Parietal cortex Hypothalamus Pituitary gland . 
Components of the cell and organism defense, and gene expression preferentially expressed in pituitary gland . 
All tags are expressed at higher levels in the pituitary gland compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
Function and tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Parietal cortex Hypothalamus Pituitary gland . 
Components of cell structure and division preferentially in the pituitary . 
All tags are expressed at higher levels in the pituitary gland compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
Tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Hypothalamus Pituitary gland Parietal cortex  . 
Unclassified transcripts preferentially expressed in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland . 
Tags are expressed at higher levels in each brain region compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
Tag sequences Tag frequency  Hypothalamus Pituitary gland Parietal cortex. 
Potential novel transcripts in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland . 
Tags are expressed at higher levels in each brain region compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
Function and tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Hypothalamus Pituitary gland Parietal cortex . 
Components of cell signaling preferentially expressed in the cortex . 
All tags are expressed at higher levels in the parietal compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
Function and tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Hypothalamus Pituitary gland Parietal cortex . 
Components of metabolism, gene expression, and others preferentially expressed in the cortex . 
All tags are expressed at higher levels in the parietal cortex compared to other two organs, p ?<?0.05 . 
Tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Hypothalamus Pituitary gland Parietal cortex . 
Components of synapse preferentially expressed in the cortex . 
All tags are expressed at higher levels in the parietal cortex compared to other two organs, p ?<?0.05 . 
Tag sequences Tag frequency Description (UniGene cluster, GenBank accession no.) Chromosomal location  Hypothalamus Pituitary gland Parietal cortex . 
Unclassified transcripts preferentially expressed in the parietal cortex . 
Tags are expressed at higher levels in the parietal cortex region compared to other two regions, p ?<?0.05 . 
PTCL  PTCL–NOS ALCL. 
Geographic distribution of anaplastic large cell lymphoma compared to peripheral T-cell lymphoma, not-otherwise specified (PTCL–NOS) . 
Disease   PTCL–NOS ALCL. 
Clinical features of anaplastic large cell lymphoma compared to peripheral T-cell lymphoma, not-otherwise specified (PTCL–NOS) . 
Non-Hisp W indicates Non-Spanish–Hispanic–Latino White; Hisp W indicates Spanish–Hispanic–Latino White; AI/API indicates American Indian/AK Native and Asian/Pacific Islander . 
ALCL  ALCL ALK+ ALCL ALK?. 
Immunophenotypic and genomic features of ALCL . 
+++, X ?>?75%; ++, 50%?<? X ?<?75%; +, 25%?<? X ?<?50%; ?/+, X ?<?25%. ?, X ?=?0% . 
Disease Chromosomal abnormalities Fusion protein (kDa) Partner Frequency (%) ALK IHC staining Reference. 
Recurrent chromosomal translocations involving the ALK gene in human cancers . 
ND, not determined; Cyto, cytoplasmic; N/M, nuclear/membrane; N/A, non-assessed; ALCL, anaplastic large cell lymphoma, DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; IMT, inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor; ESCC, esophageal squamous cell cancer; RCC, renal cell cancer; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; CRC, colon–rectal cancer; BC, breast cancer . 
DUBs Substrates Function Role in cancer References. 
Deubiquitinating enzymes (DUBs) play important roles in NF-?B activation, DNA damage response, and cancer . 
USP3, ubiquitin-specific peptidase 3; CYLD, cylindromatosis tumor suppressor; ICL, interstrand crosslink repair; BRCC36, BRAC1/BRAC2-containing complex subunit 36 . 
Gene Reference. 
Epigenetic modifications in thyroid cancer . 
Drug Epigenetic target Developmental stage. 
Epigenetic drugs in clinical trials for the treatment of advanced thyroid cancer ( www.clinicaltrials.gov and https://oss-sper-clin.agenziafarmaco.it ) . 
Name of TpoR variant Mutated N-glycosylation sites * Remaining N-glycosylation sites *. 
Name and description of the engineered human TpoR variants . 
*Residue number for the Asn in the Asn-X-Ser/Thr sequon, TPOR_HUMAN, Swiss-Prot accession number P40238 . 
Hereditary breast and ovarian cancer syndrome BRCA1 and BRCA2. 
Genes implicated in the familiar forms of pancreas cancer . 
Up Down. 
microRNAs frequently misregulated in pancreatic cancers . 
Receptor Insulin IGF-II IGF-I Reference. 
Relative ligand binding affinity of IR isoforms, IGF-IR, and HRs containing either IR-A (HR-A) or IR-B (HR-B) moieties . 
Molecules Functions Reference. 
Principal substrates found to be differentially involved by IR and IGF-IR activation and that may have a role in functional specificity of these two receptors . 
Class Type Vertebrates. 
Bibliography PI3KCA mut NSCLC PI3KCA mut SCC PI3KCA mut ADC PI3KCA amplification PI3KCA amp SCC PI3KCA amp ADC. 
Author N Schema Results. 
Role of radiotherapy in glioblastoma . 
Author N Schema Results. 
Pre-temozolomide trials . 
Author N Schema Results. 
GBM clinical trials with temozolomide . 
Target Agent Mechanism of action Comments. 
Novel targets and trials for GBM . 
Molecule Description Experimental approach Results References. 
Summary of studies on the role of upstream and downstream components of the PI3K signaling pathway in HPG axis function . 
Neuro-peptide Origin of cell bodies Expression of receptors in GnRH neurons Metabolic regulation of neuropeptide gene expression Effect of neuropeptide treatment on LH release in vivo Infusion site Species and hormone treatment References. 
Examples of hypothalamic neuropeptide regulation of LH release . 
Sample ID # MutGenes # MutGenes in KEGG # pathways by weighted resampling # pathways by regular resampling # pathways by hypergeometric test. 
MutGenes: mutation genes. 
Data generation and filtering. 
Up-regulated miRNA fold change (activated/dormant) Down-regulatedmiRNA fold change (activated/dormant). 
Biological Process Genes (REF) Targets of miRNAs  # # expected +/? P value. 
Pathways Genes (REF) Targets of miRNAs  # # expected +/? P value. 
MiRNA Dormant (Dor) Activated (Act) fold change Act/Dor  1 2 3 Mean 1 2 3 Mean . 
BD?=? below detection limit. 
Ixabepilone alone  Reference Trial design Treatment duration Patients Dosing schedule Efficacy. 
Clinical efficacy of ixabepilone (ixa) as a monotherapy or in combination with a targeted agent and/or chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant and first-line breast cancer settings. 
*The recommended dosage of ixabepilone is 40?mg/m2 administered intravenously over 3 hours every 3 weeks. Doses for patients with body surface area greater than 2.2?m2 should be calculated based on 2.2?m2. AUC: area under curve; CI: confidence interval; ER: estrogen receptor; HER2: human epithelial receptor-2-positive; HR: hazard ratio; IV: intravenous; ORR: objective response rate; PD: progressive disease; PFS: progression-free survival; PI: prescribing information; PR: partial response; SD: stable disease. 
Advanced BC First-line Neoadjuvant BC. 
Selected Grade 3 or 4 treatment-related adverse events in advanced, first-line, and neoadjuvant breast cancer settings. 
[A] Ixa 15?mg/m2 IV and carboplatin AUC = 2 IV on days 1, 8, and 15 every 28 days + weekly trastuzumab (4?mg/kg loading dose, then 2?mg/kg IV) during chemotherapy then 6?mg/kg IV every-3-weeks; [B] Ixa 16?mg/m2 IV on days 1, 8, and 15 every 28 days + bevacizumab 10?mg/kg IV every 2 weeks; [C] Ixa (per the PI*) + bevacizumab 15?mg/kg IV every 3 weeks; [D] paclitaxel 90?mg/m2 IV every 2 weeks + bevacizumab 10?mg/kg IV every 2 weeks; [E] Ixa (per the PI) + oral capecitabine 1000?mg/m2 on day 14 every 3 weeks; [F] capecitabine 1250?mg/m2 alone on day 14 every 3 weeks. 
*The recommended dosage of ixabepilone is 40?mg/m2 administered intravenously over 3 hours every 3 weeks. Doses for patients with body surface area greater than 2.2?m2 should be calculated based on 2.2?m2. 
†Sensory neuropathy was assessed and graded according to symptoms as reported by the patient; neurosensory studies were not performed. 
B: bevacizumab; BC: breast cancer; C: capecitabine; Carb: carboplatin; FISH: fluorescent in situ hybridization; IHC: immunohistochemistry; Ixa: Ixabepilone; NP: not provided; MBC: metastatic breast cancer; P: paclitaxel; PI: prescribing information; PN: peripheral neuropathy; T: trastuzumab. 
References Nuclear receptor Treatment Clinical phase Number of patients Human tumors or cell types Main conclusions of the authors. 
Clinical trials and some preclinical studies for evaluation of PPARs and their ligands in cancer development and anticancer therapy. 
Control (n?=?50) Patients (n?=?100). 
Values are medians with interquartile range in parentheses. Abbreviations: eGFR: estimated glomerular filtration rate, ACR: urine albumin to Cr ratio, CNI: calcineurin inhibitor. a calcineurin inhibitor, mycophenolate mofetil or azathioprine, and corticosteroid. N/A: not applicable. 
Dependent Variable Independent Variable Standardized Coefficient (?) 95% CI p value. 
All analyses adjusted for eGFR, age, gender, albuminuria, diabetes, hypertension, and use of calcineurin inhibitors. Abbreviations: eGFR: estimated glomerular filtration rate, ACR: urine albumin to Cr ratio. 
Primers Sequences (5??3?). 
Sequences underlined are restriction sites for cloning. 
Hyphal length (µm) b Hyphal branches Percentage of the occurrence of haustorial mother cells Treatment c 24 hpi 48 hpi 24 hpi 48 hpi 24 hpi 48 hpi. 
Abbreviations: hpi.: hours post inoculation. 
Distance from the base of substomatal vesicles to hyphal tips. Values with * are significantly different at P?=?0.05 according to the Tukey's test. 
BSMV: ? and BSMV: TaRab7, leaves inoculated with BSMV: ? or BSMV: TaRab7 followed by infection with CYR23. 
Primer name Sequence Length (bp). 
Primer sets for qRT-PCR. 
Group Serum 6-keto-PGF-1? (pg/ml) Serum TXB2 (pg/ml) 12 weeks 16 weeks 12 weeks 16 weeks. 
Characteristics of (Cy/+) Han:SPRD rat after 16 weeks of treatment. 
* P  < 0.05 vs. control, ** P < 0.01. 
Latent genes Effects Other properties. 
HHV-8 Genes and role in Kaposi Sarcoma. 
HHV-8 genes Effects Other properties. 
HIV and Kaposi Sarcoma. HHV-8 genes activated by HIV-Tat. 
Tumor EWS translocations Fused genes Incidence (%). 
Reciprocal translocations in sarcomas. 
Tumor Abnormal genes Involved ligand Involved receptor Other properties. 
The IGF System in sarcoma pathogenesis. 
Monoclonal antibodies Human trials Disease control rate (CR, PR, and SD) Comments. 
Current Anti-IGF treatment of sarcomas. 
Agent Human trials Clinical benefit rate (CR, PR, and SD) Targets: notes. 
Current clinical trials with tyrosine kinase inhibitors in sarcomas. 
Agent Human trials Clinical benefit rate (CR, PR, and SD) Notes. 
Current clinical trials with rapalogs in sarcomas. 
Groups Organism Fugu Yeast Human D. melanogaster C. elegans. 
Distribution of kinases of fugu, yeast, human, Drosophila, C. elegans into various Hanks and Hunter groups. Numbers indicated as percentage. 
Family Function. 
Kinase sub-families with abnormal distribution in fugu. Overall function of each of the family is also indicated. 
Tumor type EGFR mutation EGFR expression changes EGFR targeting agents (FDA-approved for clinical use) Resistance mechanisms. 
Agent as monotherapy Target Design Clinicaltrials.gov Identifier. 
Nucleotide change Amino acid change Exon Phenotype Detection Literature. 
Mutations in SH3BP2. 
Chemoattractant * Receptor Mast cell model (organism used) Reference. 
Summary table of different mast cell chemoattractants and their receptors . 
*For chemokines both new and old (in parenthesis) names are used in accord to chemokine nomenclature (Zlotnik and Yoshie, 2000 ) . 
**Specific receptors for the chemoattractants in mast cells have not yet been identified . 
PMCs, peritoneal mast cells; RANTES, regulated upon activation, normal T-cell expressed and secreted . 
Time after treatment WC WCI WD WDI. 
The values are represented as the mean ± SEM of 10 experiments. WC: wounded control rats; WCI: wounded control rats treated with insulin cream; WD: diabetic animals treated with placebo cream; WDI: diabetic rats treated with insulin cream. P<0.05 between control and diabetic rats. 
Variable N (%) Mean (± SD)   P I. 
There were no significant differences between the groups, according to a paired t-test. 
Group Cell line Mutational status Copy number alterations IC50 (nM)   PIK3CA PTEN (mutated exons) K-Ras PIK3CA PTEN K-Ras BEZ235 RAD001. 
(M) Missense mutation, (N) Non-sense mutation, (F) Frameshift mutation. 
Protein Gene/chromosome location (human) Gene/chromosome location (mouse) Gene/chromosome location (rat). 
Gene/chromosome locations of ?Pix and ?Pix . 
MCW Rat Genome Database website ( http://rgd.mcw.edu/ ) was used as a source for gene/chromosome locations . 
Down-regulated KLB expression (× < 0.5-fold) mRNA change not significant (2.0 > × > 0.5) Up-regulated KLB expression (× > 2.0) p-value. 
Correlation of KLB expression and tumor multiplicity in HCC patients. 
Using the classification in Figure 1 to stratify patients based on KLB expression in HCC tumors relative to their respective normal tissues, Fisher's exact test was performed with respect to clinicopathological features. 
Component Finding (Year) Researchers. 
Components of continuum-programmed necrosis pathway in neonatal HI models. 
AIF: apoptosis inducing factor; FADD: Fas-associated protein; Fas-DR: Fas death receptor; FLIP: (Fas-associated death-domain-like IL-1 ? converting enzyme)-inhibitory protein; HI: Hypoxia-ischemia, Hsp: heat shock protein; IAP: inhibitor of apoptosis JNK, Jun N-terminal kinase; NF ? B: nuclear factor-kappa B; PARP-1: Poly [ADP-ribose] polymerase-1; RIP: receptor interacting protein; TNFR: tumor necrosis factor receptor; TRADD: TNFR-associated death domain. 
Incubation medium, additions HeLa HUVEC RVSMC  LDH CAS CHR LDH CAS CHR LDH CAS CHR. 
To measure LDH release and chromatin cleavage, the total content of LDH and [3H]-labelled DNA were taken as 100%. Ouabain was added at final concentration of 3 µM (HeLa and HUVEC) or 3 mM (RVSMC). Ca2+-free medium contained 50 µM EGTA and 10 µM BAPTA-AM. Staurosporine, a potent trigger of apoptosis, was added as a positive control at concentration of 1 µM. Means ± S.E. from experiments performed with quadruplicate are given. 
p<0.05 as compared to controls. 
Ouabain-treated cells Cells treated with K+-free medium Transcripts affected by both stimuli. 
Transcripts whose expression was altered by more than 1.2-fold with p<0.05 were subjected to analysis. Ouabain was added at final concentration of 3 µM (HeLa and HUVEC) or 3 mM (RVSMC). N.A. – non-applicable. 
No. Gene symbol, title RVSMC HUVEC HeLa   Fold of activation/inhibition Fold of activation/inhibition Fold of activation/inhibition   ouabain K+-free medium ouabain K+-free medium ouabain K+-free medium. 
HeLa, HUVEC and RVSMC were treated with ouabain or K+-free medium for 3 hr. Genes whose expression is not affected by Na+,K+-ATPase inhibition at least in one type of Ca2+-depleted cells are shown in italics . Genes whose expression is not affected by Na+,K+-ATPase inhibition in all 3 types of cells are shown in underlined italics . Functional categories are indicated in the left column as: t – regulators of transcription/translation, RNA processing and degradation; d – regulators of cell adhesion, migration, proliferation, differentiation and death; f - protein folding and ubiquitination; i – inflammation and immune response; o – other functional categories and genes with unknown function. 
Gene symbol, title Affymetrix ID Fold of activation or inhibition (-) by ouabain/p value Fold of activation or inhibition (-) by K+-free medium/p value Fold of activation by ouabain/K+-free medium in HUVEC or RVSMC. 
Genes whose differential expression is limited to HeLa cells are shown in bold . Genes whose differential expression were also detected in HUVEC or RVSMC are shown in underlined bold . All transcripts listed in this table were also differentially expressed in Ca2+-depleted cells. 
Gene symbol, title Affymetrix ID Fold of activation or inhibition (-) by ouabain/p value Fold of activation or inhibition (-) by K+-free medium/p value Fold of modulation by ouabain/K+-free medium in HeLa or RVSMC. 
Genes whose differential expression is limited to HUVEC are shown in bold . Genes whose expression were also detected in HeLa or RVSMC are shown in underlined bold . Genes whose expression was not affected by Na+,K+-ATPase inhibition in Ca2+-depleted cells are shown in italics . 
Gene symbol, title Affymetrix ID Fold of activation or inhibition (-) by ouabain/p value Fold of activation or inhibition (-) by K+-free medium/p value Fold of modulation by ouabain/K+-free medium in HUVEC or HeLa. 
Genes whose differential expression is limited to RVSMC are shown in bold . Genes whose expression were also detected in HeLa or HUVEC are shown in underlined bold . Genes whose expression was not affected by Na+,K+-ATPase inhibition in Ca2+-depleted cells are shown in italics . 
Ouabain-treated cells Cells treated with K+-free medium Transcripts affected by both stimuli. 
Transcripts whose expression was altered by more than 1.2-fold with p<0.05 were subjected to analysis. EGTA and BAPTA-AM were added at concentrations of 50 and 10 µM, respectively. Ouabain was added at final concentration of 3 µM (HeLa and HUVEC) or 3 mM (RVSMC). N.A. – non-applicable. 
Incubation medium Ouabain, µM Intracellular [BAPTA], µM [Ca2+]i, nM Gene expression, arbitrary units,     EGR1 PTGS2 PPP1R15A. 
HeLa cells were incubated during 3 hrs with or without ouabain in control medium containing 1.8 mM CaCl2 ( 1 ) or in Ca2+-free medium containing 50 µM EGTA and 10 or 100 µM BAPTA-AM ( 2 and 3 , respectively). Changes in the expression of of EGR1, PTGS2 and PPP1R15A were measured by qRT-PCR. For more details, see Methods section. Means ± S.E. obtained in experiments performed in quadruplicate are shown. ND – these values were not determined. 
- p<0.05, 0.01 and 0.001 compared to values obtained in the absence of ouabain, respectively. 
No. Gene symbol, title WKY-7 HUVEC HeLA   Fold of activation by Fold of activation by Fold of activation by   ouabain K+-free medium Ouabain K+-free medium ouabain K+-free medium. 
Genes whose expression was not affected by ouabain or K+-free medium in the presence of Ca2+ in at least one of cell types are shown in italics . Genes whose expression was not affected by ouabain or K+-free medium in the presence of Ca2+ in all 3 types of cells shown in underlined italics . Gene functions are indicated in the left column as: t – regulators of transcription/translation, RNA processing and degradation; d – regulators of cell adhesion, migration, proliferation, differentiation and death; f - protein folding and ubiquitination; i – inflammation and immune response; o – other functional categories and genes withy unknown function. 
Type of malformation Prevalence References. 
Prevalence of CAKUT. 
Gene Disease OMIM Chromosome Renal phenotype Extrarenal phenotype References. 
Single-gene mutations associated with nonsyndromic human CAKUT. 
AGTR: angiotensin II receptor type 1, AGTR2: angiotensin II receptor type 2, ARPKD: autosomal-recessive polycystic kidney disease, ADPKD: autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease, UPJ: ureteropelvic junction, VUR: vesicoureteral reflux, PUV: posterior urethral valves, UPJ: ureteropelvic junction, MCDK: multicystic dysplastic kidney, PUV: posterior urethral valve, RTD: renal tubular dysgenesis, RCAD: renal cysts and diabetes, MODY: maturity-onset diabetes, GCKD: glomerulocystic kidney disease, and NPHP: nephronophthisis, X-prolyl aminopeptidase (aminopeptidase P) 3, putative. 
Authors, year Method SC Species/animal model. 
Comparison of the glomerular albumin-sieving coefficient (SC) values. 
Albumin LMWP. 
Glomerular filtration and reabsorption of albumin and low-molecular weight proteins (LMWP) in humans estimated from rat micropuncture data [ 12 ]. 
Clinico-pathologic parameters Patients ( n =77) Proportion. 
  miRNA-143 expression   Clinico-pathological parameter miRNA-143 low ( n =41) miRNA-143 high ( n =36) P -value. 
Abbreviations: CEA=carcinoembryonic antigen; miRNA=microRNA. 
  Cancer-specific survival Parameter HR (95% CI) P -value. 
Abbreviations: CEA=carcinoembryonic antigen; CI=confidence interval; HR=hazard ratio; miRNA=microRNA. 
  Cancer-specific survival Parameter HR (95% CI) P -value. 
Abbreviations: CEA=carcinoembryonic antigen; CI=confidence interval; HR=hazard ratio; miRNA=microRNA. 
  miRNA-143 expression RECIST criteria Low expression, no. (%) High expression, no. (%). 
Abbreviations: CRC=colorectal cancer; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; RECIST=Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors; miRNA=microRNA. 
Construct Localization tag sequence Embryonic lethality in APC2 single mutant Cuticle score in APC2 single mutant Embryonic lethality in APC2 APC1 double mutant Cuticle score in APC2 APC1 double mutant. 
Localization constructs and rescue of Wnt signaling defects. 
*, stop codon. 
Construct Nuclear after leptomycin B treatment SD Nuclear in control (methanol) SD Number of experiments (100 cells scored/experiment). 
Effect of leptomycin B treatment on localization of APC variants in SW480 cells. 
Fluorescent lipid Spin-labeled quencher F/F0 ± SEM Calculation pair Lc (Å) ± SEM. 
Determination of fluorophore depth in liposomes. 
Cholesterol (%) TopFluor-PS FRAP (n) GFP-LactC2 FRAP (n). 
Calculated diffusion coefficients of PS in supported bilayers (?m2/s ± SEM). 
TopFluor-PS FRAP (n) GFP-LactC2 FRAP (n) TopFluor-PS SPT (n) [n tracks] GFP-LactC2 SPT (n) [n tracks] TopFluor-PS FCS Fast D Slow D Percent slow (n)a GFP-LactC2 FCS Fast D Slow D Percent slow (n) GFP-LactC2(AAA) FCS Fast D Slow D Percent slow (n). 
Calculated diffusion coefficients of PS in the plasma membrane of HeLa cells (?m2/s ± SEM). 
aFor TopFluor-PS in 25 of 85 measurements, performed on 29 different cells, a fast-diffusing particle was detected. The slow diffusion was detected in all 85 measurements. 
GFP-LactC2 FRAP (n) ss-GFP-KDEL FCS (n) ss-LactC2-GFP-KDEL FCS (n) ss-LactC2(AAA)-GFP-KDEL FCS (n). 
Diffusion coefficients of GFP constructs in the ER estimated using FRAP and FCS (?m2/s ± SEM). 
Experiment Components Composition (mol %). 
Liposome compositions used in this study. 
cDNA Library Identity ANKRD26 Interacting Region (aa residues) Description Frequency † Confirmed ‡. 
Frequency: number of times pulled out during the two-hybrid screening. 
Confirmed: confirmation of screening results by co-immunoprecipitation. 
ND: not done. 
Primer Name Orientation Primer Sequences Primer Efficiency. 
Epithelial Mesenchymal siORAI1 siTRPC1. 
Arrows signify whether the epithelial, mesenchymal or knockdown phenotypes are associated with a significant increase (?) or decrease (?) or no change (?) in Ca2+ influx via each pathway. Changes in the release of ER Ca2+ upon SERCA inhibition are described as fast, slow or unchanged (?) for each condition. 
Components 28°C-96 hpf 16°C-48 h 28°C-144 hpf 34°C-48 h. 
Notes: 1) Zebrafish larvae at 96 hpf were exposed to 16, 28 or 34°C for 48 h. Samples exposed to different treatments were designated as 28°C -96 hpf, 16°C -48 h, 28°C -144 hpf and 34°C -48 h, respectively. 2) Data (µg/individual) are given as means ± standard deviations. The number of samples is displayed in parenthesis. 3) The numbers of individuals used for the measurement of wet mass, dry mass, protein, lipid and glycogen are 80, 80, 1, 20 and 20 respectively. 4) Different letters in the same row indicate statistically significant differences determined by ANOVA followed by Duncan’s multiple range test or Dunnett’s T3 test ( p <0.05). 
SAKK-trial (Weder et al., 2007 ) US-trial (Krug et al., 2009 ) EORTC trial (Van Schil et al., 2010 ). 
Prospective multicentre phase II trials of radical multimodality treatment in early stage mesothelioma . 
NS, not stated; PORT, postoperative radiotherapy; ITT, intention to treat; PP, per protocol; EPP, extrapleural pneumonectomy; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression free survival . 
Compound Target Stage of development RR/MST Toxicity Reference. 
Targeted agents in MPM . 
Study Sequencing platform Leukemia type Number of tumor samples Non-synonymous SNV SNV in non-coding regions SNV in splicing sites Indels in coding regions Translocation Inversion Insertion Deletion CNV Targets genes. 
Numerical summary of identified and validated variants found in adult AMLs by NGS technologies . 
SNV, single nucleotide variant; CNV, copy number variation; H, human, M, mouse; NK, normal karyotype; t-AML, therapy-related AML; athe authors also report other synonymous SNVs that are not considered in this table; bin conserved or regulatory portions of the genome; cin this work the authors describe an independent sequencing of the relapsed tumor derived from the same patient studied in Ley et al. ( 2008 ); dno miRNA were found mutated from the sequencing of the microRNAome; re-analysis of the whole-genome experiment of Ley et al. ( 2010 ) led to the identification of the 3?-UTR SNV; e58 SNVs in 56 distinct genes; f8 indels in 7 distinct genes; gfor this study we do not specify the number of the identified variants since they were classified by a different method; hthe nine genes whose mutations were relapse-specific and absent in the additional 200 primary AMLs considered for testing recurrently mutated genes are not reported Ding et al. ( 2012 ) . 
Gene symbol Gene name Identified by Leukemia type Frequency (%) Detailed leukemia subtypes (%)a Mutation type/s Status Reference. 
Catalog of genes targeted by recurrent molecular genetic abnormalities in adult AMLs as detected by NGS technologies . 
The 10 genes listed in this table were found in at least 5% of the tumor samples. SNV, single nucleotide variant; H, human, M, mouse; NK, normal karyotype; asomatic mutations checked only in the same leukemia subtypes where originally identified; bvalidation performed by Sanger re-sequencing of DNMT3A exons in 281 samples; cidentified through array-based genomic re-sequencing also by Yamashita few months earlier Yamashita et al. ( 2010 ); dvalidation performed in 38 samples by whole-genome sequencing; NK(*) are normal karyotype AML patients not showing NPM1 , CEBPA , FLT3 –ITD, or MLL –PTD mutations . 
Characteristics Whole-genome sequencing Exome-sequencing Transcriptome-sequencing. 
Comparison of pros and cons of whole-genome sequencing, exome-sequencing, and RNA-sequencing . 
Pathway Gene Designation Frequency (%) Reference. 
Genes frequently methylated in renal cell tumors, according to their function/pathway . 
Chromatin remodeling alterations  Reference. 
Histone onco-modifications and deregulated modifiers in renal cell tumors . 
Pathway Upregulated Target gene(s) Reference Downregulated Target gene(s) Reference. 
MicroRNA deregulation in renal cell tumors, according to their function/pathway and target genes’ . 
BBC3/PUMA , BCL2 binding component 3; ERBB4 , v-erb-a erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene homolog 4; HK1 , hexokinase 1; ISCU1/2 , iron-sulfur cluster scaffold homolog 1/2; KCNAB1 , potassium voltage-gated channel, shaker-related subfamily, beta member 1; KCNMA1 , potassium large conductance calcium-activated channel, subfamily M, alpha member 1; LDHA , lactate dehydrogenase A; LOX , lysyl oxidase; LRRC2 , leucine rich repeat containing 2; POX , proline dehydrogenase (oxidase) 1; PTPN13 , protein tyrosine phosphatase, non-receptor type 13; VHL , Von Hippel–Lindau gene; SEMA6A , semaphorin 6A; SFRP1 , secreted frizzled-related protein 1; SLC12A1 , solute carrier family 12; TCF21 , transcription factor 21; TIS11B , zinc finger protein 36; C3H type-like 1; VEGF , vascular endothelial growth factor; ZEB2/ZFHX1B , zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 2 . 
Detection biomarkers Reference Prognostic/predictive biomarkers Reference. 
Diagnostic and prognostic information in renal cell tumors provided by epigenetic biomarkers . 
NA, not available . 
Cellular factors Inducers  FICZ B[ a ]P 3-MC DMBA. 
Summary of cellular factors required for L1-RTP by environmental compounds . 
?, dependent; –, independent; N.T., not tested . 
The induction of L1-RTP was examined by a PCR-based assay . 
Antibody* Vendor Catalog number Application Working dilution for IB, (IF), IHC , Co-IP. 
Antibodies used in this study cross-reacted with the corresponding proteins in rats as indicated by the manufacturers. IB, immunoblotting; IF, immunofluorescence microscopy; IHC, immunohistochemistry; Co-IP, co-immunoprecipitation. 
comparison between genotypes diff. reg. probes % all probes down reg . % all diff. reg . upreg . % all diff. reg . 
Overview of microarray experiment. 
The number of differentially regulated probes was compared. In the Agilent Drosophila microarray design (4 × 44 K) there was unequal number of probes targeting the particular gene, ranging from one probe to several per gene. 
KEGG Gene embryo larvae  name name o.ex . mut . o.ex . mut . Description. 
List of genes with altered expression according to microarray analysis related to KEGG lysosome pathway. 
Significant alterations in gene expression from wild type are shown by word code; "up" represents upregulation and "down" downregulation of gene expression. ID stands for the particular homologue gene name in Drosophila . Notice that the same KEGG identifier can lead to several different genes. The according coloured scheme for lysosome KEGG pathway is presented in Additional File 9. 
KEGG Human embryo larvae Flybase  name gene o.ex . mut . o.ex . mut . ID Description. 
List of genes with altered expression according to microarray analysis related to KEGG pathway of Parkinson's disease. 
Significant alterations in gene expression from wild type are shown by word code; "up" represents upregulation and "down" downregulation of gene expression. Notice that the same KEGG identifier can lead to several different genes. Several Drosophila genes associated with processes in PD missing from KEGG pathway were added. The according coloured scheme for Parkinson's disease KEGG pathway is presented in Figure 5. 
microarray qPCR  . 
qPCR validation of results and microarray data obtained from stage 17 embryos. 
Only statistically significant results (P < 0.05) are presented. Results of qPCR were made comparable to microarray fold change (FC) by calculating the log2 from the relative fold changes. T-test means calculated P-value associated with Student's t-Test. 
microarray qPCR microarray qPCR . 
qPCR validation of results and microarray data obtained from 29-50 hr larvae. 
Only statistically significant ( P < 0.01) results are presented. Results of qPCR results were made comparable to microarray fold change (FC) by calculating the log2 of the relative fold changes. T-test means calculated P-value associated with Student's T-test. 
GO term enrichment score gene number. 
GO clustering analysis of downregulated genes in Manf mz?96 mutants. 
Clusters are represented starting from the highest enrichment score in diminishing order. Only the highest clusters are shown, for the full list of DAVID cluster analysis of downregulated genes in Manf mz?96 mutants, see Additional file 2. In the case of missing order number replaced by "..." there were several clusters higher in order describing similar processes that have been listed already above. 
GO term enrichment score gene number. 
GO clustering analysis of upregulated genes in Manf mz?96 mutants. 
Clusters are represented starting from the highest enrichment score in diminishing order. Only the highest clusters are shown, for the full list of DAVID cluster analysis of upregulated genes in Manf mz?96 mutants, see Additional file 3. In the case on missing order number replaced by "..." there were several clusters higher in order describing similar processes that have been listed already above. 
GO term enrichment score gene number. 
GO clustering analysis of downregulated genes in Manf ?96 larval mutants. 
Clusters are represented starting from the highest enrichment score in diminishing order. Only the highest clusters are shown, for the full list of DAVID cluster analysis of downregulated genes in Manf ?96 mutants, see Additional file 4. In the case on missing order number replaced by "..." there were several clusters higher in order describing similar processes that have been listed already above. 
KEGG  embryo larvae  name gene o.ex . mut . o.ex . mut . description. 
List of genes with altered expression according to microarray analysis related to KEGG pathway of protein processing in ER. 
Significant alterations in gene expression from wild type are shown by word code; "up" represents upregulation and "down" downregulation of gene expression. Gene name stands for the particular homologue gene name in Drosophila . Notice that the same KEGG identifier can lead to several different genes. p.res = paternal rescue, mut = mutant, o.ex. = overexpression. 
KEGG  embryo larvae  name gene o.ex . mut . o.ex . mut . description. 
List of genes with altered expression according to microarray analysis related to KEGG pathway of exocytosis and SNARE complexes. 
Significant alterations in gene expression from wild type are shown by word code; "up" represents upregulation and "down" downregulation of gene expression. Gene name stands for the particular homologue gene name in Drosophila . Few related Drosophila genes associated with neurotransmission missing from KEGG pathway were added. The according coloured scheme for exocytosis and SNARE of KEGG pathway is presented in Additional File 8. p.res = paternal rescue, mut = mutant, o.ex. = overexpression. 
KEGG Gene embryo larvae  name name o.ex . mut . o.ex . mut . description. 
List of genes with altered expression according to microarray analysis related to endocytosis KEGG pathway. 
Significant alterations in gene expression from wild type are shown by word code; "up" represents upregulation and "down" downregulation of gene expression. Gene name stands for the particular homologue gene name in Drosophila . Notice that the same KEGG identifier can lead to several different genes in Drosophila . The according coloured scheme for endocytosis KEGG pathway is presented in Figure 4. 
AllN?=?67 AA 1 N?=?32 EA 2 N?=?35 P -value 3  Mean ± SD t test Age (years) 54±15.8 52.9±16.1 54.9±15.7 0.62 Tumor size (cm across) (n?=?60) 4.2±2.7 3.8±2.3 4.5±3.0 0.25 West-African ancestry (%) among AA (range: 67% to 95%; n?=?32)  83.2±8.7 (16.0±8.8) <0.001 European ancestry (%) among EA (range: 75% to 100%; n?=?35)  (2.2±0.5) 97.6±4.7 <0.001  N N N Fisher's exact test. 
SD?=?standard deviation. 
AA?=?African-American,. 
EA?=?European-American. Race/ethnicity is determined by self-identification;. 
AA versus EA;. 
basal-like?=?ER-negative, HER2-negative, and either cytokeratin 5/6-positive or EGFR-positive;. 
ER-negative versus ER-positive;. 
Unknown not included. 
Compounds: environmental toxins Class Common sources Hormonal activity Epigenetic activity Bioaccum. in humans and env. Inflamm. Cancer Other diseases/effects. 
Examples of exogenously obtained compounds, including common environmental toxins and phytochemicals, theorized to play a role in the acceleration or prevention of chronic disease by influencing homeostasis . 
+, promoting effect; ?, attenuating effect; AA, anti-angiogenic; ACh, acetylcholine; AhR, aryl hydrocarbon receptor; AM, antimicrobial; AOX, antioxidant; AR, androgen receptor; ARO, aromatase; CVD, cardiovascular disease; DM, diabetes mellitus; ED, endocrine disruption; ER, estrogen receptor; I, immunological effects (A: autoimmune, Q: acquired); M, mutagen; MR, microbial resistance; NB, neurological/behavioral effects; OB, obesity; POP, persistent organic pollutant; R, reproductive effects; SRC, steroid receptor coactivator; SXR, steroid xenobiotic receptor;TG, transgenerational; THs, thyroid hormones; TOP, topoisomerase . 
elements location reference. 
Positions of TF elements in human cyclin D1 promoter. 
Elements locations in human cyclin D1 promoter here are normalized to the paper (Motokura and Arnold 1993 ) and may be some different to the reference showed in the table. 
Patient No. Tumour type Gender Age at diagnosis DNA index # Chr. 6 allelic state (centromeric region) Chr. 6 FISH copy number Chr. 7 allelic state (centromeric region) Chr. 7 FISH copy number BRAF EGFR RAS PIK3CA. 
Underlined: discrepancy between FISH copy number and allelic state. 
?=?bold indicates the dominant population as determined by flow cytometry, in cases where multiple populations are present. 
?=?an intermingled pattern of three and four copies was found both for the centromeric and the EGFR locus specific probes. 
+?=?presence of mutation. 
??=?mutation not found. 
nd?=?not determined. 
No. Diagnosis Near-homozygous phenotype Recurrence. 
The presence of homozygous chromosomes was determined by high-density SNP-arrays. 
min. inv.?=?minimal invasive. 
?=?incomplete resection and death of disease <5 months. 
?=?sorafenib study, FFPE sample No. 9. 
?=?other tumour fraction dedifferentiated to ATC. 
?=?possible intratumour heterogeneity. 
Cell line Sequence CI at ED 50 ±s.d. CI at ED 90 ±s.d. n. 
Abbreviations: CI, combinatorial indice; GM-CSF, granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor; mt, mutant; wt, wild type. 
Parameters Patients (%) Total RNA (ng/µl) miR361-3p miR625*. 
p?=?0.048,. 
p?=?0.014,. 
p?=?0.030,. 
p?=?0.031;. 
M0, patients with localized NSCLC;. 
M1, patients with metastatic NSCLC;. 
M0 patients;. 
p values as determined by Mann Whitney-U test. 
microRNA normalized median values t-test adjusted p-value limma test adjusted p-value  healthy NSCLC  . 
Genes Primers/Probes Sequences (Probe: 5?-FAM- -TAMRA-3?). 
Primer/probe mix for 18S were obtained from Applied Biosystems Inc. ACE2, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2; MCP-1, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1; IL1?, interleukin-1?; IL6, interleukin-6; TNF?, tumor necrosis factor-?. 
Family RGS protein Non-RGS domains GAP specificity Cardiac expression (mRNA) Protein Reference     Ventricles Atria?     Tissue VM Tissue AM . 
Canonical RGS protein structure, GAP activity, and expression in cardiac tissue . 
References are listed for RGS proteins exhibiting detectable (+) or strong (++) mRNA expression in heart via northern blot or qPCR. (?) Indicates lack of RGS protein expression (mRNA) in cardiac tissue (Kardestuncer et al., 1998 ; Doupnik et al., 2001 ; Mittmann et al., 2002 ; Zhang and Mende, 2011 ) and (UK) indicates that expression of this RGS isoform is unknown. Tissues or cells where RGS protein expression is detectable by western blot or immunohistochemistry are indicated. The following additional abbreviations are used: A. ?-helix, amphipathic ?-helix; AM, atrial myocytes; VM, ventricular myocytes; GGL, G? subunit-like domain; DEP, dishevelled-EGL-10-pleckstrin homology domain; RBD, Ras-binding domain; GoLoco, G? i/o-loco domain; PDZ, PSD-95 disk-large ZO-1 domain; PDZ M, PDZ docking motif; PTB, phosphotyrosine binding domain; Cys. String, cysteine string motif . 
Mouse model Cell/tissue type Phenotype Reference. 
Mouse models implicating RGS proteins as key modulators of cardiac automaticity and their associated phenotypes . 
Clinicopathological parameters of CCRCC (N = 94). 
CCRCC, clear cell renal cell carcinoma; M, male; F, female. 
Nuclear grade , N (%) p value Tumor size , median (range) p value Pathological T stage , N (%) p value    1, 2 3, 4    1, 2 3, 4 . 
EGFR immunoexpression in relation to pathohistologic features of CCRCC (N = 94). 
CCRCC, clear cell renal cell carcinoma. 
tH-score, total H-score. 
cH-score, continuous H-score. 
a low and high categories according to median cut off value. 
b chi square test. 
c Mann-Whitney U-test. 
Gene name Primer sequences Tm. 
  IC 50   Drug 2-D 3-D Fold change. 
Gene ID Gene name Chromosome location Fold change significant p-value <0.05 Category. 
Gene ID Gene name Chromosome location Fold change significant p-value <0.05 category. 
Gene name Protein name Fold change P value function. 
miRNA Fold change Function p-value. 
TS: tumor suppressor, OG: oncogene. 
8 weeks 1 year 1,5–2 years Genotype KI S248A KI S248A KI S248A. 
Polymorphism Tissue or cell line origin SNP ID% and other information References. 
RASSF1A single nucleotide polymorphisms. Several RASSF1A polymorphic changes have been identified as outlined in Table 1 . SNP sites consulted to draft this table include NCBI (at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/SNP/snp_ref.cgi?showRare=on&chooseRs=coding&go=Go&locusId=11186 ) and DMDM (at http://bioinf.umbc.edu/dmdm/gene_prot_page.php?search_type=gene&id=11186 ). 
% http://bioinf.umbc.edu/dmdm/gene_prot_page.php?search_type=gene&id=11186 . 
$ UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot. 
*Validated by multiple, independent submissions to the refSNP cluster. 
**Validated by frequency or genotype data: minor alleles observed in at least two chromosomes. 
#Validated by the 1000 Genomes Project, http://www.1000genomes.org/ . 
Changes in the levels of amino acid and proteins noted during the progression of hepatic fibrosis. 
Adjustments in the levels of different enzymes from sera and liver tissue during progression of hepatic fibrosis. 
Status of various biologically important molecules during liver fibrosis. 
Variations in the levels of vitamins, minerals, and other indispensable metabolites in the fibrotic liver. 
Existing antifibrotic strategies, target molecules, and their mechanism of action in obstructing or regressing hepatic fibrosis. 
Known phytoextracts and their derivatives with probable therapeutic action used in traditional medicine to treat hepatic fibrosis. 
Modern approaches of gene therapy used in the treatment of liver fibrosis. 
Gene Chromosome Role/Function Hypermethyaltion Refs. 
a GSTM1, Glutathione S-transferase. 
b GSTpi, Glutathione S-transferase P1 (pi). 
c RSSF1?, Ras association domain family 1 gene. 
d RAR?, Retinoic acid receptor beta gene. 
e MDR1, multi-drug resistance 1. 
f CD44, cluster differentiation 44. 
g hSPRY2, human sprouty homolog 2. 
h ER?, estrogen receptor alpha. 
i ER?, estrogen receptor beta. 
j APC, adenomatous polyposis coli. 
Clinical Trial Tumor Type Clinical or Biomarker Response Refs. 
a DNA MTase, DNA methyltransferase. 
b HDAC, histone-deacetylase. 
c SAHA, Suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid. 
d HRPCa, hormone-refractory prostate cancer. 
e 5-AC, 5-Aza-cytidine. 
f DAC,5-aza-2’-Deoxycytidine. 
g PB, Sodium phenylbutyrate. 
a RSSF1?, Ras association domain family 1 gene. 
b MDR1, multi-drug resistance 1. 
c CD44, cluster differentiation 44. 
d MT1G, metallothionein 1G. 
Gene Chr Event Function. 
a ETS: ETS family of transcription factors. 
b AR, androgen receptor. 
c TMPRSS2, transmembrane protease serine type 2. 
d GST-Pi, glutathione S-transferase pie. 
e PTEN, phosphatase and tensin. 
f NKX3.1, NK3 homeobox 1. 
g Rb, retinoblastoma. 
h LOH, loss of heterozygosity. 
Gene Polymorphism Normal function Effect of polymorphism. 
a DHT, dihydrotestosterone. 
b SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism. 
c UTR, untranslated region of gene. 
d AR, androgen receptor. 
e CYP17, cytochrome P450C17?. 
f CYP1B1, cytochrome P4501B1. 
g CYP3A4, cytochrome P4503A4. 
h CYP3A5, cytochrome P4503A4. 
Chr b SNP a Reference # Alleles (-/+)  d OR c Function Refs. 
a SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism. 
b Chr, chromosome. 
c OR, odds ratio related to having an additional copy of the risk allele. 
d Alleles (-/+), the right allele is associated with increased PCa risk. 
Cases Gender Age Tumor status Site Immuno FISH Proteome profiler array TK Mut Western TK aCGH               EGFR HER2 EGFR HER2 PDGFRB/CSF1R PTEN P-EGFR P-PDGFRB  EGFR PDGFRB . 
Pathologic description of chordoma cases and results summary. 
TK Mut., Tyrosine Kinase Mutations; P, primary; R, recurrence; M, metastasis; nc, nasal cavity; neg, negative; l.l.amp., low level amplification; h.l.amp., high level amplification;. 
polys., polysomy; dis., disomy; monos., monosomy; nd, not done; interm, intermediate; E, expressed; P, phosphorylated. 
Case 3 Case 4b Case 5 Case 7b Case 9 Case 10b Case 13 Case 14 Case 15a Case 16 Case 17a. 
Gains and losses in chordoma using whole-genome 4.3 K TK-CGH-array. 
n.d.: not detected. 
Regions lost in ? five cases. 
Recurrent copy number losses in chordoma cases by aCGH. 
Probe name Estimate Standard Error t-value Raw p-value fdr adjusted p-value. 
Significantly phosphorylated RTK and kinase sites in chordoma using Proteome Profiler arrays, ranked based on p-value. 
* The probes written in bold have a log2-intensity ratio significantly larger than zero at the ?-level of 5%. 
Cancer Number ( n ) of examined studies Relative risk (CI 95%) Reference number. 
Relative risk of association between T2D and cancer, as reported by meta-analysis studies. 
* Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. 
miRNA Chromosomal location Median NormalBreast Median TumorTissue Fold change Unadjusted p value FDR 1. 
FDR: False discovery rate adjusted p value. 
KEGG Pathway N° of miRNA Target Genes -LN(p-value) Gene Names. 
Cell MDA-MB-231 HCT116 Treatment pri-miR-10b pri-miR-17 pri-miR-21 pri-miR-9 pri-miR-10b pri-miR-17 pri-miR-21 pri-miR-9. 
The miRNA expression in response to treatments of TNF- ?, Bay11-7082, and SS. 
Note:. 
mean+ standard deviation;. 
25ng/ml for 5hr;. 
10µM for 2hr;. 
50uM for 24hr;. 
25ng/ml TNF? for 3hr, then 10µM Bay11-7082 for 2hr;. 
50µM SS for 24h, then 25ng/ml TNF? for 5h. 
FGF1 FGF2 FGF4 FGF6 FGF8 FGF9 FGF17 FGF18. 
Expression of FGFs in CRC cell lines. 
Reported data Roles. 
Roles of FGFR2 and its splicing variants in colorectal cancers. 
Spot n° Identification Accession Number pI theor pI exp MW theor (KDa) MW exp (KDa) Score Sequence Coverage (%) N° of Identified Peptides. 
pI theor = theoretical isoelectric point. 
pI exp = experimental isoelectric point. 
MW theor = theoretical molecular weight. 
MW exp = experimental molecular weight. 
Fold Changes FUNCTIONAL GROUPS SPOT NUMBER PROTEIN NAME 1 min 5 min 30 min 60 min. 
Fold changes presents the ratio compared with values in the absence of TGF-? stimulation. 
Values equal to zero correspond to spots that could not be detected on gels. 
Fold Changes FUNCTIONAL GROUPS SPOT NUMBER PROTEIN NAME 1 min 5 min 30 min 60 min. 
Fold changes presents the ratio compared with values in the absence of TGF-? stimulation. 
Values equal to zero correspond to spots that could not be detected on gels. 
Groups studied Pmax (mmHg) LVEDP (mmHg) +dp/dt (mmHg s?1) ?dp/dt (mmHg s?1) Coronary Flow(ml min?1)  Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R. 
The data for Baseline was computed at 30 min perfusion period before ischemia and the data for Reperfusion (REP) was computed at 30 min reperfusion period, and expressed as mean±SEM (N=6). Pmax=Left ventricular developed pressure; LVEDP=Left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; +dp/dt=Positive derivative of pressure; ?dp/dt=Negative derivative of pressure; %R=% recovery=(reperfusion/baseline)×100;. 
Value significantly different from Control, p<0.05;. 
# Value significantly different from Diabetes, p<0.05. 
Groups studied Pmax (mmHg) LVEDP (mmHg) +dp/dt (mmHg s?1) ?dp/dt (mmHg s?1) Coronary Flow (ml min?1)  Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R. 
The data for Baseline was computed at 30 min perfusion period before ischemia and the data for Reperfusion (REP) was computed at 30 min reperfusion period, and expressed as mean ±SEM (N=6); Pmax=Left ventricular developed pressure; LVEDP=Left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; +dp/dt=Positive derivative of pressure; ?dp/dt=Negative derivative of pressure; %R=% recovery=(reperfusion/baseline)×100; P=drug given during Perfusion before Ischemia; R=drug given during Reperfusion after Ischemia;. 
Value significantly different from Control, p<0.05;. 
# Value significantly different from Diabetes, p<0.05. 
Groups studied Pmax (mmHg) LVEDP (mmHg) +dp/dt (mmHg s?1) ?dp/dt (mmHg s?1) Coronary Flow (ml min?1)  Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R Baseline REP % R. 
The data for Baseline was computed at 30 min perfusion period before ischemia and the data for Reperfusion (REP) was computed at 30 min reperfusion period, and expressed as mean±SEM (N=6); Pmax=Left ventricular developed pressure; LVEDP=Left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; +dp/dt=Positive derivative of pressure; ?dp/dt=Negative derivative of pressure; %R=% recovery=(reperfusion/baseline)×100; R=drug given during Reperfusion after Ischemia;. 
Value significantly different from Diabetes, p<0.05;. 
# Value significantly different from D+Losartan, p<0.05. 
Virus Study Macrolide Dose Method Parameter Results Ref. 
Macrolide studies evaluating efficacy on various respiratory viral infection. 
RV : rhinovirus, IL : interleukin, ICAM-1 : intercellular adhesion molecule-1, TNF -? : tumour necrosis factor alpha, Fn : fibronectin, CEACAM : carcinoembryonic antigen-related cell adhesion molecules, IFN : interferon, RSV : respiratory syncytial virus, and MDCK : Mardin-Darby canine kidney. 
Cellular factors Perturbants/inhibitors Required for ASFV entry Required for ASFV infection. 
N/D, designated no data. 
TLR Location Typical ligand Expression in T-cell subsets Direct effect on T cells Naive Activated/Memory iTreg. 
TLR expression and direct effects on T cells [ 268 , 277 , 278 , 329 , 333 ]. 
++: enhanced expression; +: normal expression; ±: weak or low expression; ?: expression not detectable. 
Name Website Reference. 
miRNA databases. 
Name Website Reference. 
Computational tools for miRNA target prediction. 
Variant KRAS allele Non-variant (wt) KRAS allele p -Value. 
Clinical characteristics of women with the non-variant and variant KRAS alleles. 
Subjects with the non-variant KRAS allele had severe pelvic pain, dyspareunia and dysmenorrhea more frequently than patients with the alternative KRAS allele. Subjects with the variant KRAS allele were more likely to be infertile. Mean age and severity were not different. n = 41 subjects with KRAS variant and 91 subjects with the WT allele. 
Primers Sequence. 
Primers used for quantitative RT-PCR. 
(µg/ml) LLC 4T1. 
Protein concentration in the sera of tumor-bearing mice. 
Protein concentration of sFLK-1 and Uncl-Sema3E in the sera of (LLc or 4T1 tumor-bearing) mice subjected to gene hydroporation (mean values ±SD, assessed by ELISA). 
Oncogene Models  In vitro In vivo References. 
Experimental examples of oncogene addiction. 
RNAi, RNA interference; mAB, monoclonal antibody. 
Name Target Disease FDA first approval. 
Targeted therapies in oncogene-addicted cancers. 
mut, mutant; ampl, amplified; transl, translocated; CML, chronic myeloid leukaemia; GIST, gastro-intestinal stromal tumour; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer. 
Epigenetics related to diseases. 
Gain and loss of X chromosomes in human tumours. 
Affymetrix probe Gene name Gene title 7B6-O VSV 786-VHL VSV 786-0 EMCV 786-VHL EMCV. 
NF-?B-dependent genes are preferentially induced by EMCV in 786-O cells compared to 786-VHL cells. 
Affymetrix microarray expression analysis of NF-?B-regulated genes induced upon EMCV or VSV challenge in 786-O cells and 786-VHL cells. The complete gene expression data have been deposited on the ArrayExpress database maintained by the European Bioinformatics Institute (accession number: E-MTAB-294). 
Affymetrix gene Gene title 786-O VSV 786-VHL VSV 786-O EMCV 786-VHL EMCV. 
EMCV induces markedly weaker IFN/IFN-stimulated gene expression than VSV. 
Affymetrix microarray expression analysis of IFN and genes identified as being involved in ‘Interferon Induction’ by EASE induced upon EMCV or VSV challenge in 786-O and 786-VHL cells. The complete gene expression data have been deposited on the ArrayExpress database maintained by the European Bioinformatics Institute (accession number: E-MTAB-294). 
Author Phase Histology Stage Treatment No of patients ORR or pCR rate TTP/PFS (months) OS (months). 
Clinical trials of anti-Her2/neu agents in EGC. 
Abbreviations: 5-FU, 5-fluorouracil; EGC, esophagogastric cancer; NS, not stated; ORR, overall response rate; TTP, time to progression; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; pCR, pathological complete response; AC, adenocarcinoma; LA, locally advanced; Met, metastatic; RT, radiotherapy. 
Author Phase Histology Stage Treatment No of patients ORR or pCR rate TTP/PFS (months) OS (months). 
Clinical trials of cetuximab in EGC. 
Abbreviations: EGC, esophagogastric cancer; 5-FU, 5-fluorouracil; FOLFIRI, two weekly bolus 5-FU/leucovorin, irinotecan, infusional 5-FU; FUFIRI, weekly irinotecan/leucovorin/infusional; 5-FU FUFOX, weekly oxaliplatin/leucovorin/infusional 5-FU; LV, leucovorin; RT, radiation therapy; NS, not stated; ORR, overall response rate; TTP, time to progression; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; pCR, pathological complete response; AC, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; LA, locally advanced; Met, metastatic; UR, unresectable. 
Author Phase Histology Stage Treatment No of patients ORR or pCR rate TTP/PFS (months) OS (months). 
Clinical trials of anti-VEGF agents. 
Abbreviations: 5-FU, 5-fluorouracil; NS, no stated; ORR, overall response rate; TTP, time to progression; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; pCR, pathological complete response; AC, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; LA, locally advanced; Met, metastatic; UR, unresectable; VEGF, vascular endothelial derived growth factor. 
Analyte Time ?=?0 Time ?=?4 h Time ?=?8 h Time ?=?12 h  WT KO WT KO WT KO WT KO. 
Bone marrow derived macrophages from LRRK2 knockout mice and wild type littermate controls were plated at a density of 1×106 in 2 ml of tissue culture media. Cells were treated with 100 ng/ml LPS 24 h after plating and media collected at the indicated time points. Cytokines were measured with an antibody based multiplex assay and concentrations determined by standard curve. Data is presented as mean concentration in pg/ml ± S.E.M. Experiments were performed with n?=?4 in duplicate. 
Analyte Time ?=?0 Time ?=?4 h Time ?=?8 h Time ?=?12 h  WT KO WT KO WT KO WT KO. 
Bone marrow derived macrophages from LRRK2 knockout mice and wild type littermate controls were plated at a density of 1×106 in 2 ml of tissue culture media. Cells were treated with 1 µg/ml Pam3CSK4 24 h after plating and media collected at the indicated time points. Cytokines were measured with an antibody based multiplex assay and concentrations determined by standard curve. Data is presented as mean concentration in pg/ml ± S.E.M. Experiments were performed with n?=?4 in duplicate. 
Gene Time ?=?0 Time ?=?4h Time ?=?8h Time ?=?12h  WT KO WT KO WT KO WT KO. 
Bone marrow derived macrophages from LRRK2 knockout mice and wild type littermate controls were plated at a density of 1×106 in 2 ml of tissue culture media. Cells were treated with 100 ng/ml LPS 24 h after plating and RNA collected at the indicated time points. Gene expression was normalized to GAPDH and the fold increase in mRNA expression compared to wild type macrophages at time 0 was calculated by the comparative Ct method (2?ddct). Data is presented as mean fold increase in expression ± S.E.M. Experiments were performed with n?=?4 in duplicate. 
Gene Time ?=?0 Time ?=?4 h Time ?=?8 h Time ?=?12 h  WT KO WT KO WT KO WT KO. 
Bone marrow derived macrophages from LRRK2 knockout mice and wild type littermate controls were plated at a density of 1×106 in 2 ml of tissue culture media. Cells were treated with 1 µg/ml Pam3CSK4 24 h after plating and RNA collected at the indicated time points. Gene expression was normalized to GAPDH and the fold increase in mRNA expression compared to wild type macrophages at time 0 was calculated by the comparative Ct method (2-ddct). Data is presented as mean fold increase in expression ± S.E.M. Experiments were performed with n?=?4 in duplicate. 
Cytokine (ng/mgprotein/24 h) Treatment  Control LPS LPS+NaPB (0.1 mM) LPS+NaPB (0.2 mM) LPS+NaPB (0.5 mM) NaPB (0.5 mM) only. 
Primary microglia preincubated with different concentrations of NaPB for 6 h were stimulated with LPS for 24 h followed by quantification of TNF-? and IL-1? in supernatants by ELISA. Results are mean + SD of three independent experiments. 
p<0.001 vs LPS . 
Spot ID Average Percentage of Volume ± SEM p -value Fold Change  Control Treated  . 
Spots 19 and 284 were rejected as false positives after subjecting to FDR analysis using the Benjamini-Hochberg's method [10] . An adjusted p-value of less than 0.03125 was considered as statistically significant. 
Spot no Protein description SWISS-PROT Accession No. MASCOT score pI/MW?(kDa) Av % of Vol ratioa % Covb Matched Peptide Sequences. 
a Positive value signifies up-regulation against control samples and negative value signifies down-regulation in terms of fold-differences. 
b % Coverage of the identified sequence. 
c Considered not positively identified because of low MASCOT score (<55). 
Phase I, Holden et al 50–600 mg Phase I, Tamura et al 100–400 mg Phase II, Wells et al 300 mg Phase III, Wells et al 300 mg Phase III, Wells et al Placebo. 
Summary of adverse events observed in the main clinical studies leading to Vandetanib approval. 
Domain Method Description PDB ID Ref. 
Summary of published BRCA1 structures. 
All observed rare CNVs Observed rare CNVs, not shared a Subjects n All Involving genes b Disrupting genes c All Involving genes b Disrupting genes c. 
BC?=?breast cancer. 
Observed only in cancer cases, or only in controls. 
The genomic loci has annotated genes. 
Gene disruptions include rare CNVs having breakpoints within the genes or promoter regions, and rare CNVs which delete the involved genes entirely. 
Molecular and cellular functions P -values a Genes involved. 
No particular functions were overrepresented among controls. 
Statistically significant false discovery rate (FDR) adjusted P -values; correction for multiple testing was done using the Benjamini-Hochberg method. 
Gene Aberration type Involved exons a Predicted consequence to transcript b. 
Disruption?=?the gene is disrupted by the CNV breakpoints; deletion?=?the entire gene is deleted. del?=?partial gene deletion; dup?=?partial gene duplication. 
Based on human genome assembly 19 (February 2009). 
Although detailed effects of partial gene duplication to gene transcription are not clear, duplication have potential to disrupt transcription by several mechanisms, such as transcriptional read-through. This can occur by tandem duplication, where gene silencing can be induced by a partially duplicated (3? deleted) version of the gene itself [54] . 
EGC1 EGC2 EGC3 ESC PGC1 PGC2 ECC1 ECC2 IPSC1 IPSC2 IPSC3. 
Class Number of Genes Explanation Statistics. 
Lifespan data from Figure 2 Treatment Mean lifespan (days) Standard error. 
Treatment Mean Difference b Q Summary c 95% Confidence interval of difference. 
See Materials and Methods for specifics regarding the studies. The fly medium contained either an equal volume of vehicle, 2.4 mM simvastatin, 320 µM methoprene, or their combination. 
Mean difference between food consumption in the absence and presence of the drug(s). 
The notation ** indicates the difference was highly significant (P?0.01). The notation NS indicates that the results were not significantly different. 
Treatment 1 FPAs CAFE Assays  Plaque number/cm 2 /fly (mean ± SD) Plaque Diameter (mm) 2 (mean ± SD) ?L consumed/fly/hr (mean ± SD). 
See Materials and Methods for specifics regarding the studies. The medium contained either an equal volume of vehicle, 2.4 mM simvastatin, 320 µM methoprene, 20 µM L744832, or 300 µM GGTI-298. 
Column values with the same superscript letters are not significantly different, as determined by one way ANOVA followed by Tukey's multiple comparison test. Column values with different superscript letters are significantly different (P?0.05). See Materials and Methods for specifics regarding the studies. 
Control a Simvastatin Methoprene Simvastatin plus Methoprene. 
These data are the means plus or minus the standard error of the plaque number per cm2 per fly per hour. The plaque values are not significantly different as judged by ANOVA followed by Tukey's multiple comparison test. See Materials and Methods for specifics regarding the studies. 
Treatment 1 Weight 2 (mg/10 flies). 
Newly eclosed Drosophila were maintained for 12 days at 25°C with medium containing either an equal volume of vehicle, 2.4 mM simvastatin, 320 µM methoprene, 20 µM L744832, or 300 µM GGTI-298. Groups of 10 flies were anesthetized with CO2, immediately removed from the flybottles, and weighed (n?=?12). 
Column values with the same superscript letters are not significantly different, as determined by one way ANOVA. See Materials and Methods for specifics regarding the studies. 
Treatment1 N Mean±SEM 2 P value. 
Groups of 10 newly eclosed Drosophila were maintained for 14 days at 25°C with medium containing either an equal volume of vehicle or 2.4 mM simvastatin in a TriKinetics Drosophila Activity Monitoring System. 
Infrared beam disruptions per 24 hours. 
Treatment1 N Mean ± SEM P value. 
Groups of 10 newly eclosed Drosophila were maintained for 14 days at 25°C with medium containing either an equal volume of vehicle, 20 µM L744832, or 300 µM GGTI-298 in a Drosophila Activity Monitoring System. 
Molecule Simulation Results Change in Activity After TSC2 Inhibition Wilcoxon-test  Normal TSC2 inhibited Experiment Simulation Z P-value. 
The P-values were calculated by Wilcoxon test and used to test the changes in simulation results after perturbation. The upward arrow (?) indicates that the perturbation caused a rise in the proportion of molecules in active form; the straight line (-) indicates no change, and the downward arrow (?) indicates decrease in the proportion of molecules in active form. 
Signal IL1? IL6 TNF? IGF1 TGF?. 
The rows and columns of the table correspond to the treatment groups, and cells to proportion of NF-?B molecules in active form. 
Type of cancer Study type Experimental details Reference. 
List of studies investigating the role of Garcinol in different cancer types. 
Cancer tissue type MOAP-1 staining pattern. 
Summary of MOAP-1 staining patterns in human malignant tissues. Data source was The Human Protein Atlas ( http://www.proteinatlas.org/search/moap1 ). Antibody used for all MOAP-1 immunohistochemistry: Sigma-Aldrich HPA000939. 
SAMPLE NUMBER OF TUMOR FOCI ?-CATENIN-POSITIVE FOCI PDGFR?-POSITIVE FOCI NUMBER OF FOCI POSITIVE FOR BOTH N/C FIGURE 4   N/C M C ?-CATENIN & PDGFR? . 
Abbreviations: WT-wildtype; KO-knockout; N/C- nuclear/cytoplasmic; M-membranous; C-cytoplasmic. 
Primer Sequence (5?- 3?). 
Accession Gene Protein Description   Unique # peptides. 
Cellular proteins detected exclusively in wild-type Nef immunocomplexes. 
a) Unreviewed entries from UniProtKB/TrEMBL; all other accessions from Swiss-Prot/UniProtKB [ 57 ]. b) Statistical scores obtained via CompPASS analysis. 
MEFs’ Genotype metaphases counted breakage fusion Diploid 2 N = 40 Aneuploid 2 N > 40 Aneuploid 2 N < 40. 
Chromosome Analysis in MEFs overexpressing TRF2?B?M. 
Modeled Residue Range Based on Template Sequence Identity (%) E Value Modeling Information. 
The modeling parameters and modeling information. 
Primer Name Primer Sequence (5??3?) Length (bp). 
Primers used in the experiment. 
Category N- myc KO GCN5 KO SHARED GENES. 
Category N- myc KO GCN5 KO SHARED GENES. 
Fold-changes  N- myc KO GCN5 KO. 
Exosomes MVs ABs. 
Biophysical properties of extracellular vesicles . 
ABs, apoptotic blebs; PS, phosphatidylserine; MVs, microvesicles adapted from Subra et al. ( 2007 ), Mathivanan et al. ( 2010 ) . 
List of biological measures, endpoints and indices proposed for inclusion in the investigative strategy for human biomonitoring in the methyl isocyanate exposed surviving population of the Bhopal gas tragedy. 
Cellular pathway Genes in gliomas deregulated by hypo/hypermethylation/histone modification. 
Cellular pathways deregulated in gliomas and associated epigenetic events through promoter hypermethylation, CpGs hypomethylation, and histone alterations leading to modified chromatin states. 
Flavonoid NF68 NF160 NF200 Flavonoid NF68 NF160 NF200 Flavonoid NF68 NF160 NF200. 
Flavonoids induce the expressions of NF68, NF160, and NF200. 
Data are means ± SEM, n = 3. Data are based on the means. And the value of SEM is within 5% of the mean, which is not shown for clarity. “+” to “+++” indicate the percentage of increasing of the neurofilaments expression level (“+” indicates 100% to 200% increasing in the tested activities, “++” indicates 200% to 300% increasing, and “+++” indicates >300% increasing). “?” indicates no effect, that is, below 10%. For the tested flavonoids, the maximal testing concentrations distribute from 3? ? M to 30? ? M, according to the results from cell viability assay. The submaximal doses of these flavonoids were used for comparison. NGF at 50?ng/ml served as a positive control. RNFG is corresponding to Radix Notoginseng flavonol glucoside or quercetin 3-O- ? -D-xylopyranosyl- ? -D-galactopyranoside. 
(+)RNA viruses Virus Natural host. 
Viruses that replicate in yeast. 
ROSIGLITAZONE Biofunction Genes p-value range #Genes. 
Genes affected by 50 µM rosiglitazone, by 0.1 µM AS601245, and by the combined treatment with rosiglitazone and AS601245, with respect to DMSO treated CaCo-2 cells, arranged according to the relative biological functions. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold-Change. 
The top ten genes up-regulated and down-regulated the most by the 50 µM rosiglitazone treatment, with respect to DMSO-treated CaCo-2 cells. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold-Change. 
The top ten genes up-regulated and down-regulated the most by the 0.1 µM AS601245 treatment, with respect to DMSO-treated CaCo-2 cells. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold-Change. 
The top ten genes up-regulated and down-regulated the most by combined treatment with 50 µM rosiglitazone and 0.1 µM AS601245, with respect to DMSO-treated CaCo-2 cells. 
Rosiglitazone Gene ID Gene name Fold-Change. 
The genes harbouring PPRE sequences among the up-regulated genes by treatment with 50 µM rosiglitazone, 0.1 µM AS601245 and combined treatment versus DMSO-treated CaCo-2 cells. 
Rosiglitazone AS601245 Rosiglitazone+AS601245 Gene Affymetrix qPCR (TaqMan) Affymetrix qPCR (TaqMan) Affymetrix qPCR (TaqMan). 
Gene expression detected by affymetrix and quantitative real-time reverse transcription PCR in CaCo-2 cells treated with 50 µM rosiglitazone, 0.1 µM AS601245 and combined treatment. Results are expressed as fold change versus DMSO-treated control cells. 
Cell line Gene Rosiglitazione AS601245 Rosiglitazone + AS601245. 
Expression of fibrinogen chains (FGA: fibrinogen chain ?; FGB: fibrinogen chain ?; FGG: fibrinogen chain ?) detected by quantitative real time reverse transcription PCR, in cells treated with 50 µM rosiglitazone, 0.1 µM AS601245 and combined treatment. Results are expressed as fold change versus DMSO-treated control cells. n.d.: not detectable. 
Rab/GAP Gyp1 Gyp2 Msb3 Msb4 Gyp6 Gyp7 Gyp8 Gyl1. 
Summary of in vitro GAP assays. 
A GAP screen of all Rab GTPases. The respective GAP was added to all purified Rabs that were precharged with [?-32P] GTP, and release of radioactive 32P was analyzed over time as described in Materials and Methods. For every GAP the maximal stimulation of GTP hydrolysis reached in this assay was set here to 100%, and all other activities were referred to this. The total amount of hydrolyzed GTP (pmol/h) at maximal activity is noted on the right side of the slash. We focused on Vps21, and these results are depicted in bold letters. Gyl1 has a TBC domain lacking the critical arginine and served as a negative control for this assay. Note that the values in Figure 3 are shown as relative GTP hydrolysis rates. 
HOXB5 1010A/G genotype G1 G2–G3 aOR a (95%CI b ) p  N c (%) N (%)  . 
age-adjusted odds ratio,. 
95% confidence interval,. 
Numbers of people. 
HOXB5 1010A/G genotype Non-muscle invasive Muscle-invasive aOR a (95%CI b ) p  N c (%) N (%)  . 
age-adjusted odds ratio,. 
95% confidence interval,. 
Numbers of people. 
HOXB5 1010A/G genotype Controls Bladder cancer aOR a (95%CI b ) p  N c (%) N (%)  . 
age-adjusted odds ratio,. 
95% confidence interval,. 
Numbers of people. 
Characteristics MTDH expression Fisher’s Exact Test P value  Negative no.(%) Positive no.(%) . 
Name Sequence. 
LETO OLETF OLETF OLETF    +4-PBA +cyclosporine A  (n?=?14) (n?=?17) (n?=?15) (n?=?13). 
Values are means±SEM. 
P<0.05 vs. LETO. 
P<0.05 vs. OLETF. 
4-PBA ?=?4-phenylbutyric acid. 
LETO OLETF OLETF+4-PBA  (n?=?5) (n?=?6) (n?=?6). 
Values are means±SEM. *P<0.05 vs. LETO. HR?=? heart rate; LVESP?=? left ventricular end-systolic pressure; LVEDP?=? left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; LVEDV?=? left ventricular end-diastolic volume; LVESV?=? left ventricular end-systolic volume; LVEF?=? left ventricular ejection fraction; CO?=? cardiac output; LV dP/dtmax and dP/dtmin?=? left ventricular maximal slope of the systolic pressure increment and the diastolic pressure decrement, respectively; tau?=? time constant of left ventricular pressure decay; Ees?=? end-systolic elastance of left ventricle; Eed?=? end-diastolic elastance of left ventricle; Vp?=? parallel conductance volume. 
LETO OLETF OLETF OLETF    +4-PBA +cyclosporine A  (n?=?13) (n?=?25) (n?=?13) (n?=?14). 
Values are means±SEM. *P<0.05 vs. LETO. 4-PBA?=?4-phenylbutyric acid; LVEF?=? left ventricular ejection fraction; %FS?=? fractional shortening; IVST?=? interventricular septal thickness; PWT?=? posterior wall thickness; LVEDD?=? left ventricular end-diastolic dimension; LVESD?=? left ventricular end-systolic dimension; LVEDV?=? left ventricular end-diastolic volume; LVESV?=? left ventricular end-systolic volume. 
LETO OLETF OLETF OLETF    +4-PBA +cyclosporine A  (n?=?12) (n?=?22) (n?=?13) (n?=?13). 
Values are means±SEM. *P<0.05 vs. LETO. Abbreviations: See Table 2 . Echocardiographic data was not acquired from 1 rat in LETO, 3 in OLETF and 1 in OLETF+cyclosporine A because of the poor quality of echocardiographic images. 
Cellular process Gene Title Reference. 
Gene products directly repressed by miR-34a. 
Cancer therapy Cancer type Effects of the miR-34/chemo combination Reference. 
Effects of miR-34a in combination with conventional therapies. 
Values were generated in cancer cells with high BCL-2 levels. 
Cancer type Mouse tumor model Effects (TGI) * Reference. 
Therapeutic activity of miR-34a in animal models of cancer. 
Effects are expressed as percentage TGI in miR-34a-treated animals compared to controls. 100% TGI indicates a complete block of tumor development. TGI was determined by either caliper measurements, tumor area, tumorweight, ultra sound, or luminescence of luc-expressing tumor cells. s.c., subcutaneous; o.t., orthotopic; TGI, tumor growth inhibition. 
Trial Line of treatment Phase No. of patients Medication Overall response Median OS (mo) Median PFS (mo). 
Summary of EGFR inhibitors in recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. 
Gene (protein) Mammalian homolog PCD trigger Role in PCD Reference. 
Yeast mitochondrial proteins involved in PCD regulation. 
Reference No. of patients Stage MSI(%) Adjuvant treatment Outcome      Better  Worse. 
Retrospective studies of randomized control trials that examined efficacy of adjuvant 5FU chemotherapy in patients with MSI versus MSS colon cancers. 
5FU = 5FU + leucovorin. 
#Data pooled from overlapping trials. 
? ^ 5FU in addition to: levamisole, portal venous 5FU, interferon-gamma, immunotherapy, vincristine, or semustine. 
*Most treatment benefit was in patients with MSI tumors due to germ line mutations. 
Reference No. of patients Stage MSI (%) CIMP (%) BRAF mt (%) Outcome (no treatment) 5FU-based treatment Better Worse . 
Studies that examined interactions of MSI, CIMP, and BRAF mutation in colon cancer. 
BRAF mt: BRAF mutation, BRAF wt: BRAF wild-type, NS: not statistically significant, IFL: 5FU, leucovorin, and irinotecan. 
Functions associated with ligand activation of the AT1, AT2, and Mas receptors. 
Preparation Finding Reference. 
Summary of investigations supporting a role for EC33 and PC18 (EC27) in blocking the release of vasopressin and controlling hypertension in animal models. 
Assay Forward Reverse Primer conc.Annealing temp Amp. size Calibrator. 
Human HER2 assay uses a taqman® probe: Fam 5? - CAG ATT GCC AAG GGG ATG AGC TAC CTG –3? Tamra (10 pmol). 
Genotype Thymus Ovary Liver Testis Kidney Lung. 
Genotype Lung metastasis Tumour type Number. 
Genotype Thymic Tumours (%) Tumour Type Percent. 
List of primers Forward Primer Reverse primer Sequencing Primer. 
SNPs information. 
*Major/minor allele. SNP: single-nucleotide polymorphism, UTR: untranslated-region. 
Clinical and biological characteristics of vasospastic angina and control groups. 
CAD: coronary artery disease, Dyslipidemia: total cholesterol level >200 mg/dL, LDL-C level >130 mg/dL, HDL-C level <30 mg/dL, or triglyceride level >150 mg/dL. EF: ejection fraction, HDL-C: high density lipoprotein-cholesterol, LDL-C: low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, VA: vasospastic angina. 
Prevalence of ROCK2 genotypes in patients with vasospastic angina (n=106) and controls (n=107). 
SNP: single nucleotide polymorphism, VA: vasospastic angina. 
Additive, dominant, and recessive effects of mutant ROCK2 alleles in patients with vasospastic angina (n=106) and controls (n=107). 
SNP: single nucleotide polymorphism, VA: vasospastic angina, OR: odds ratio, CI: confidence interval. 
D' values of pair-wise linkage disequilibrium between 5 single-nucleotide polymorphisms indentified in ROCK2 gene. 
Haplotype analysis results of vasospastic angina and control patients. 
Loci chosen for the haplotype analysis (in order of rs978906, rs2271621, rs2230774, rs1515210, and rs3771106). All frequencies <0.03 were ignored in analysis. *Odds ratio and CI showed zeros because of a zero incidence in VA population. VA: vasospastic angina, CI: confidence interval. 
GO term Genes in term T40' genes P -value T60' genes P -value T90' genes P -value T120' genes P -value T180' genes P -value. 
General features of the transcriptional response to genome mistranslations. 
For each of the time-point DEGs, a hypergeometric test was applied over each GO biological process (R package GOstats ), selecting GO terms with P -value lower than 10-3. The GO terms considered for mistranslations are either enriched for four or more time points, or have a significance level below a P -value of 10-9 for a single time point. This method provides about 40 GO terms that, after manually removing redundant and generic terms, result into the terms displayed in Table 1. 
GO term Genes in GO term Group Genes in group P -value In group and term. 
GO enrichment for the different groups of genes identified in the transcriptome and translatome comparison. 
Direct positive ++ , direct negative -- and inverse +- ; GO enrichment for each group was done using the R package GOstats; the P -values for the processes described in the text are indicated. 
COMPOUND TARGET. 
Designation Genotype or Description Reference or source. 
Sequence name Primers Location Length. 
Name Primers Location Length. 
Protein identified MS platform Authors' conclusion Biomarker or mechanistic. 
1D, one-dimensional; 2D, two-dimensional; 2-DE, two-dimensional electrophoresis; AGP, ?1-acid-glycoprotein; CNS, central nervous system; CSF, cerebral spinal fluid; ESI, electrospray ionization; GST, glutathione S-transferase; iTRAQ, isobaric tagging for relative and absolute protein quantification; LC, liquid chromatography; LN, lupus nephritis; L-PGDS, lipocalin-type prostaglandin-D synthetase; MALDI-TOF, matrix associated laser desorption/ionization-time of flight; MS/MS, tandem mass spectrometry; NPSLE, neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus; RA, rheumatoid arthritis; ROS, reactive oxygen species; SELDI, surface enhanced laser desorption/ionization; SLE, systemic lupus erythematosus; SLEDAI, SLE Disease Activity Index; Tf, tranferrin; WMH, white matter hypertrophies (on MRI). 
Gene Sequence. 
Quantitative real-time PCR primers for U6 snRNA and miR-148b. 
HealthyMucosa Inflamed Mucosa HPP SSP/A TSA TbA Ca Met. 
Abbreviations: HPP: hyperplastic polyp; SSA/P: sessile serrated polyp/adenoma; TSA: traditional serrated adenoma; TbA: tubular adenoma; Ca: invasive colorectal carcinoma; Met: Metastasis; BRAF c600: B1 Rapidly accelerated fibrosarcoma codon 600 mutation; KRAS c12/13: Kirsten rat sarcoma codon 12 or 13 mutation.; n.t.: not tested; -: not applicable. 
Abi1 score ± SD n. 
All values shown as mean ± SD; abbreviations: HPP: hyperplastic polyp; SSA/P: sessile serrated polyp/adenoma; TSA: traditional serrated adenoma; TbA: tubular adenoma; Ca: invasive colorectal carcinoma; Met: Metastasis; BRAF c600: B1 Rapidly accelerated fibrosarcoma codon 600 mutation; KRAS c12/13: Kirsten rat sarcoma codon 12/13 mutationMSI: microsatellite instable tumors; n: number of examined samples; n.a.: not applicable due to low sample number. 
Study Population Treatment Outcome. 
Important Randomized Clinical Trials on Statins and Clinical Outcomes in the Context of Cardiovascular Disease. 
ACS: Acute coronary syndrome; AMI: acute myocardial infarction, CHD: coronary heart disease, CKD: chronic kidney disease, CRP: C-reactive protein, CV: cardiovascular, HR: hazard ratio, LDL: low density lipoprotein, MACE: major adverse cardiac events, PTCA: percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, RR: relative risk, TIA: transient ischemic attack, UA: unstable angina. 
Total patients 100. 
Mutation counts for colon cancer. 
Summary of somatic mutations occurring in the exomes of 100 colon cancer tumor samples. Synonymous SNVs and variants present in dbSNP (release 130) were removed due to their low likelihood of being driver mutations. 
Gene Protein Accession Mutations Protein Length. 
Selected genes highly mutated in colon cancer tumor genomes. 
Selected list of significantly mutated genes as identified by using local false discovery rate (LFDR) (threshold < 0.1) of the length normalized mutation frequencies for all genes. Mutation counts are the total counts of somatic mutations identified in 100 colon cancer patients falling inside the protein coding region of the gene. Protein length is the number of amino acids in the representative protein isoform for the corresponding gene. 
Name Accession Mutations Cumulative Domain Length Genes (Number of Mutations). 
Selected domains highly mutated in colon cancer tumor genomes. 
Selected list of significantly mutated domains as identified by LFDR (threshold < 0.1) of the mutation frequencies normalized by the cumulative domain length for all domains. The domain name and Pfam domain accession are provided. Mutation counts are the total counts of somatic mutations identified in 100 colon cancer patients which occur inside the associated protein domain region. Cumulative domain length is the cumulative amino acid length of all occurrences of a domain within all representative proteins for genes containing somatic mutations. The genes and associated mutation counts are listed for each gene containing mutations in the domain. The “*” next to the CortBP2 domain denotes that the domain did not reach the threshold for significant mutation frequency, but ranked in the top 75 highest mutation frequency domains. 
Points  0 1 2. 
Calculation of risk factor score for transplantation patients (Grawohl et al. ) 25. 
CP1 = first chronic phase; AP = accelerated phase; BP = Blast phase; CP2 = second chronic phase; M/F = male/female; SD = sibling donor; UD = unrelated donor. 
Score Transplantation-related mortality (%) Overall survival (%). 
Calculation of prognosis at 5 years by risk factor score (Gratwohl et al. ) 25. 
Response level  >95% 66%–95% 36%–65% 1%–35%. 
Probability of achieving a complete cytogenetic response ( ccr ) and a minor cytogenetic response ( mcr ) at 6, 12, and 24 months by cytogenetic response at 3, 6, and 12 months. 
Year All events (%) a Progression to ap / bc (%). 
Annual event rates in patients on initial imatinib therapy 30 , 31. 
All deaths or loss of response, including progression to accelerated phase ( ap ) or blast crisis ( bc ). 
Protein Urea-induced unfolding  ? G D (kcal.mol?1) at 37°C. 
Urea-induced denaturation study was carried out with varying concentrations of urea fitted to Eq. 1 to obtain ? G D. 
Protein Heat-induced unfolding  ? H m T m ? C p ? G D (kcal.mol-1)  (kcal.mol-1) (K) (kcal.mol-1.K-1) 37 0C 10 0C. 
Heat-induced denaturation studies were carried out with varying concentrations of urea to obtain ? H m versus T m . ? C p was evaluated from the slope of ? H m and T m plot. These thermodynamic parameters were used to calculate the ? G D at different temperatures using Eq. 3. 
Protein k catGDP/ K mGDP(µM?1. min?1) nGDP k catGMP/ K mGMP (µM?1. min?1) nGMP. 
The experiments were carried out by incubating the enzyme with a fixed amount of radiolabeled (?-32P) GTP and varying concentrations of unlabelled GTP as described in the experimental procedures. The apparent K m, k cat and n (Hill co-efficient) for both GDP and GMP formation were analyzed using a Hill equation, Rate ?=? k cat [E0].[GTP]n/( K m n + [GTP]n). The quality of fit was judged by a theoretical line drawn through the experimental data points and highest confidence limit. 
reported [12] . 
  PRL pSTAT3   ? + ++ +++ ? + ++ +++. 
+, <10% of tumour cells positive; ++, 10–50% of tumour cells positive; and +++, >50% of tumour cells positive, with strong staining intensity. 
Platinum-Based Compounds Taxanes Topoisomerase Inhibitors Anti-metabolites RXR ? ligands Cell Signalling Molecules Statins. 
Synergistic effects between PPAR ? ligands and other agents in vitro . Descriptions reflect most noteworthy finding of each study. 
Platinum-based compounds Taxanes Topoisomerase inhibitors Anti-metabolites. 
In vivo and clinical trials synergistic effects between PPAR ? ligands and other agents. Descriptions reflect most noteworthy finding of each study. 
Targets Drugs Trade mark/company. 
Targeted therapies for advanced gastric cancer. 
Abbreviations: VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; mAbs, monoclonal antibodies. 
Author/type of study N Bevacizumab + chemotherapy % RR TTP months OS months Grade 3–4 toxicity (%). 
Phase II and III studies of bevacizumab combined with chemotherapy for advanced GC in a first-line setting. 
Notes:. 
AVAGAST;. 
P = 0.0315;. 
PFS P = 0.0037;. 
P = 0.1002;. 
tumor partial responses were 63% and stable disease 30%;. 
other includes gastrointestinal toxicity, neuropathy, and febrile neutropenia. 
Abbreviations: RR, response rate; TTP, time to progression; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression free survival; NA, data is not available; HT, hypertension; TEE, thromboembolic events; MI, myocardial infarction; GIP, gastrointestinal perforation. 
Study/phase Treatment N % RR TTP months OS months Grade 3–4 toxicity (%). 
Anti EGFR therapy for advanced gastric cancer. 
Notes:. 
Progression free survival;. 
second line of treatment. 
Abbreviations: Hem, hematological toxicity; NTP, neutropenia; OS, overall survival; SD, skin disorders; CE, cardiac events; RR, reported response rates; TTP, time to progression. 
Mice Background c-Met genome c-Met activity. 
Genes Primers Sequences. 
Gene name Official symbol NCBI gene ID Full name Ensembl gene ID Ensembl protein ID Protein length Location(chr:start-end:strand). 
Location is on the GRCh37. 
gene symbol, name and Entrez ID EPO modulation (fold change) array/RTPCR known /novel EPO target Description references. 
Twelve additional signal transduction factors (STFs) were defined as significantly EPO/EPOR- modulated targets: two are kinases, as PI3K p110beta and PKC theta ; others include Rack1/Gnb2l1 , Erbin/Erbb2ip (an RTK modulator), two docking proteins ( Gab2, Irs2 ), and Pleckstrin2 . References are cited by PMID number. 
Among twelve remaining EPO/EPOR modulated STF's ( Table 1 , including references as PMID's), one has been reported previously as insulin receptor substrate-2 ( Irs2 ), a docking protein also utilized by the IL4R. Eleven represent novel EPO- response factors. One similarly is a docking protein, Gab2 , while two are kinases as PI3K's catalytic beta subunit ( Pik3cb ), and PKC-theta ( Prkcq ) (an NFKb regulator). Another, MOB1 ( Mobkl1a ) is a preferred substrate of Mst1/2 Ste20- like kinases. Three are G- (or G-like) proteins (or binding proteins) as Gnb2l1 , Gnl3 and Nol8 ; and three are regulating co-factors for RTKs, Toll receptors, and nuclear receptors as Erbin/Erbb2ip , Tirap , and Pnrc1 , respectively. Finally, one EPO/EPOR response factor is a regulator of cytoskeleton restructuring as Pleckstrin-2 ( Plek2 ) (3.9-fold induction). Thus, EPO also modulates the expression of intriguingly diverse sub-sets of novel STF's with functions that will be of significant interest to further delineate (and network). 
Group Lung Small intestine Liver Stomach. 
The numbers of micrometastases in four different organs from three groups. The total numbers of mice with detectable human ovarian cancer cells in specific organs from three groups are shown with each group containing 10 mice. 
indicates significant difference ( p < 0.05, ?2-test). 
Drug Name Source P-value Number of genes Target Genes. 
The P-value was evaluated by the significance of overlap between the hub genes and drug targets. The numbers of hub genes listed in the database (source) as drug targets as well as the gene symbols are provided. 
Virus Strains/ref . Advantages Disadvantages. 
Oncolytic viruses for canine cancer therapy. 
Abbreviations: CAV-1: Canine adenovirus - 1, CAV-2: Canine adenovirus - 2, CDV: Canine distemper virus, LIVP: Lister strain of Vaccinia virus, ALVAC: Recombinant canarypox virus, GLV-1h68: Recombinant Vaccinia virus by Genelux Corporation USA. 
Group Resveratrol dose and application route Results Reference. 
Clinical data and trials of resveratrol-containing interventions (Patel et al., 2011 ) . 
Age, Sex Tumor location/Size* Tumor pigmentation** Last status*** Follow-up (months)**** Pathology. 
*Size classification: sm, small; med, medium; lg, large. **Tumor pigmentation: 0, not pigmented; 1, moderately pigmented; 2, highly pigmented. ***Last status: ANM, alive no metastasis; DOM, dead of metastasis; DOO, dead of other. ****Follow-up: period from enucleation until patient death or last visit. 
Gene Forward Primer (5?-3?) Reverse Primer (5?-3?) Expected PCR Product Size (bp). 
Genes Chromosomal location GenBank accession# Biological process SSH redundancy Microarray fold-change UMI/UVM Microarray fold-change UMII/UVM. 
Class 1 Class 2 Class 3 Class 4 Class 5 Class 6 Oxidoreductases Transferases Hydrolases Lyases Isomerases Ligases. 
Examples of cysteine-dependent enzymes that use cysteine within their catalytic site within the various domains as delineated by the enzyme commission categories. 
*For some enzymes above, data suggests that they are oxidized and that the cysteine is essential for activity but may or may not be considered part of the catalytic site in all species. 
Note: Other enzymes are not listed here although they depend upon cysteine for activity; often such cysteines are linked to a structural requirement such as a disulfide bond rather than as part of a catalytic domain. 
Gene models number of sign.models cv-SMSE (0.05, 0.5,0.95 quantile) difference in r (0.05and 0.95 quantile) number of predictors, median. 
Number of significant models, scaled mean squared prediction error from cross-validation (cv-SMSE), 0.05 and 0.95 quantile of the differences in gene-wise correlation between original and predicted gene expression, and range and median of number of predictors for each model type. 
GOBPID median p-value median odds-ratio median expected count median count size term oncomirs. 
GOBPID stands for the Gene Ontology Biological Process identifier. The median p-value, median odds-ratio, median expected count and median count indicate the median of the respective statistic for this GO term over all significant enrichments of this term in oncomir models. The column count indicates the number of genes of this term observed among oncomir target models. Size is the total number of genes classified with this GO term. Apoptosis-related GO terms are highlighted in bold font. 
GOBPID p-value odds ratio expected count count size term. 
GOBPID stands for the Gene Ontology Biological Process identifier. P-value, odds ratio, expected and observed count are taken from the hypergeometric test for each GO term. 
Name Regulates/Target BAR Type Accession # References. 
This table shows BAR-domain-containing proteins involved in regulation of Rho GTPases. GTPase specificity, the type of BAR domain and the Uniprot KB accession number are indicated. 
Name Synonym Regulates/Target BAR Type GEF/GAP Accession # References. 
This table shows BAR-domain-containing proteins, harboring a GAP/GEF domain, involved in regulation of Rho GTPases. GTPase specificity, the type of BAR domain, presence of GAP/GEF domain, ARHGAP synonym and the Uniprot KB accession number are indicated. 
Gene Co 1d 1%DMSO 5d 1%DMSO. 
Fold increase of mRNA expression of the genes compared with untreated control cells. Genes up- or downregulated beyond 1.1-fold or 1.5 fold are marked in bright red or dark red, respectively. Genes downregulated beyond 1.1-fold (< 0.91) are marked in green. 
A. Gene Forward primer (5? – 3?) Reverse primer (5? – 3?) Tm (°C). 
Cellular models Characteristics References. 
A critical summary of the major in vitro and in vivo models to study tumor angiogenesis. 
Drug Target Clinical phase Results. 
Summary of the available treatments and the relative clinical phase and results. 
Kinase % inhibition ATP binding * IC50 (nM) **. 
% inhibition of ATP binding as assessed by KINOMEscan™ (Ambit Biosciences). 
In vitro IC50 were determined by SelectScreen® (Invitrogen). 
T Primary Tumor. 
2009 Tumor-Nodes-Metastasis (TNM) Classification of Urinary Bladder Cancer [ 50 ]. 
Place Frequency (%). 
Metastases of Invasive BC According to [ 54 ]. 
Symbol(s) Full Name Molecular Function Metabolic Pathways Refs. 
Potential Biomarkers of BC – Gene Functions and Metabolic Pathways According to Genecards ( http://www.genecards.org/ ) Accessed June 2012. For Each Section, Genes are Listed in Alphabetical Order, According to their Full Name (Column 2). 
Record of Non Coding RNAs (ncRNA) Cited in the Text that are Important in BC Formation and/or Development. 
Note that most of the Listed Target Genes are also Present in Table 3 , Indicating that the Same Gene Might be Involved in this Pathology Either Because of Mutations in the Coding Sequence or Because of its Mis-Regulation. 
Gene  Sequence. 
ANP, atrial natriuretic peptide; CTGF, connective tissue growth factor; ColI?1, collagen I?1; FGF-2, fibroblast growth factor-2; ?-MHC, ?-myosin heavy chain; ?-MHC, ?-myosin heavy chain; MMP-2, matrix metalloproteinase-2, MMP-9, matrix metalloproteinase-9; PAI-1, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; (P)RR, (pro)renin receptor; Serca2, Sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ ATPase, TGF?1, transforming growth factor-?1; VEGF, Vascular endothelial growth factor; RT-PCR, real time quantitative reverse transcription-PCR. 
Variable Duration LacZ (P)RR. 
Adenoviral gene construct expressing (P)RR and LacZ were injected into LV free wall and echocardiographic measurements were performed at 3 days, 1 week and 2 weeks after gene transfer. The results are expressed as mean±SEM (n?=?5 to 10). 
P <0.05,. 
P<0.01 versus LacZ (Student's t-test). 
Cell line Percentage relative mRNA expression ( TBX2 ) Percentage relative mRNA expression( E-cadherin ). 
TF Matrices Family information Matches in Input (n) Expected (genome) Overrep. (genome) Z-Score (genome). 
Main DNA binding motifs overrepresented in Pax8-dependent peaks. 
The Overrep. (genome) column represents the fold overrepresentation of these matrices in our IP peaks compared to their presence in the rat genome, and the Z-Score (genome) column indicates association value between the DNA matrices and Pax8-immunoprecipitated DNA. 
Gene Ontology term WT vs Pax8 adj p -value Scramble vs Pax8 adj p -value. 
FatiScan gene set enrichment analysis. 
Most significant Gene Ontology (GO) terms overrepresented in both expression array comparisons. adj p -value: adjusted p -value. 
 . 
KEGG pathways associated to Pax8 silencing. 
Most significant KEGG pathways enriched among common downregulated (n?=?633) and upregulated (n?=?565) probes for both expression array comparisons. Downreg.: Downregulated; Upreg.: Upregulated; adj p -value: adjusted p -value; Phosph.I:Phosphatidylinositol; Aa: Amino acid; metab.:metabolism. 
Mouse Peak Viral Load b (highest to lowest) Inoculum (TCIU) c T cell Depletion d CD4 + CD8 + Depletion e. 
Relationship between Peak Viral Load, T cell depletion and CD4 + CD8 + Thymocyte Depletion a. 
a Summary of viral loads at peak viremia and depletion of T cell and double positive thymocytes. 
b Copies viral RNA/ml plasma. LAI, 8.15?×?106?±?1.83?×?106 (n?=?9); LAINef dd , 1.24?×?106?±?0.32?×?106 (n?=?17). 
c Dose of intravenous inoculum presented in tissue culture infectious doses (TCIU). 
d “Yes,” mice exhibiting reduction of peripheral blood CD4+ T cells below 50% of pre-infection level; viral load, 7.06?×?106?±?1.47?×?106 (n?=?12). “No,” mice exhibiting peripheral blood CD4+ T cells not reduced below 50%; viral load, 0.70?×?106?±?0.16?×?106 (n?=?14). 
e “Yes,” CD4+CD8+ thymocytes reduced below 10% total thymocytes. Viral loads for “Yes” and “No” same as LAI and LAINef dd , respectively (b). 
Patient Identifier Viral Load b Date Infected ART c. 
Outcomes for patients infected with HIV-1 nef (?) for longer than 15 years a. 
a Patients reported to be infected by nef (?) HIV-1 for over fifteen years are presented with the appropriate identifier. D36, C54, C98, C49, C64, and C135 are from the Sydney Blood Bank Cohort [ 5 , 50 , 51 ]. Patient 1 was reported by Sullivan and co-workers [ 6 , 36 , 52 ]. Patient SG1 was reported by Benedetto and co-workers [ 9 , 35 ]. b Viral Load represented as “Low” indicates copies of viral RNA were generally found to be less than 10,000 copies/ml of peripheral blood but detectable. “BLD,” indicates viral load generally below the level of detection. D36, C54 and C98 had viral loads that were consistently detectable [ 50 , 51 ]. Patient 1, Patient SG1, C49, C64, and C135 viral loads were not detectable [ 6 , 35 , 50 ]. The last four patients may have suppressed their HIV-1 infections by vigorous cytotoxic T cell responses [ 35 , 51 ]. C54 did not appear to be progressing to AIDS at the time of death in 2001 [ 50 ]. cART is antiretroviral therapy. 
Strain Genotype Reference/Source. 
Strain list . 
Construct Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Primer pairs . 
Restriction sites used for cloning are underlined. 
Site directed mutagenesis primers. 
Strain Function T1/2 Control T1/2 wtDFNA5 T1/2 mutDFNA5 ?T1/2 wtDFNA5-Control ?T1/2 mutDFNA5-Control %?T1/2 mutDFNA5-wtDFNA5. 
Quantification of growth * . 
T1/2: time to reach half maximal optical density (hours). 
? T1/2: difference in time to reach half maximal optical density (hours). 
Values are expressed as mean ± standard deviation. 
UniProt ID Protein description Phosphopeptides Corresponding phosphorylated positions Ratio (kinase ±). 
Proteins phosphorylated by LATS1. 
Phosphoproteomic screening was performed as described in the Materials and methods. Phosphorylated residue of each peptide is indicated by bold character or underline (it was not possible to locate the exact phosphorylation site between two residues). Ratio is increased with the reliability of phosphorylation event; lower ratio (<2) indicates the residual phosphorylation sites before kinase reaction. 
Data collection . 
The values in parentheses are for the highest resolution shell, 1.85 Å. 
R merge ?=?? hkl [(? j | I j – < I > | )/? j | I j | ]. 
R factor ?=?? hkl | | F o | – | F c | |/? hkl | F o |, where F o and F c are the observed and calculated structure factors, respectively. 
R free is computed from randomly selected 2,628 reflections and omitted from the refinement. 
Cell type Hormone expression % Nonfunctional tumors. 
Classification of nonfunctional pituitary adenomas by cell of origin. 
Reproduced from Oyesiku [ 1 ], with permission from AACR, copyright 2005. 
GeneBank Accession / SwissProt Accession Gene (protein) name / function. 
Among 99 gene reported to be expressed at the transcriptional level in human calcified degenerated aortic valves, there are 57 gene products listed below the expression level of which is specifically altered as compared to non-calcified valves [ 7 ]. 
S no Drug molecule Mechanism Effective against Reference. 
Conventional and future therapeutics for neurological disorders. 
Abbreviations: AD, Alzheimer’s disease; COX, cyclo-oxygenase; IFN, interferon; MS, multiple sclerosis; PD, Parkinson’s disease; S no, serial number. 
S no Nanoparticle Surface modification Targeted mechanism Application Reference. 
Targeted nanotechnological applications. 
Abbreviations: Ab, antibody; AD, Alzheimer’s disease; IL, interleukin; LRP, low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein; PAMAM, polyamidoamine; PBCA, polybutylcyanoacrylate; PD, Parkinson’s disease; PEG-PCL, polyethylene glycol-polycaprolactone; PEG-PLGA, polyethylene glycol-poly (lactide-co-glycolide); PLA-TPGS, poly(lactide)-D-?-tocopheryl polyethylene glycol succinate. 
? Compound IC50(?M). 
IC50 list of isoflavonoids tested on endothelial cell proliferation. 
Polypoid Adenomas Flat Adenomas Total n ?=?93 (%) n ?=?106 (%). 
All adenomas were classified endoscopically using the Paris classification; SSL; sessile serrated lesion, TSA; traditional serrated adenoma, LGD, low grade dysplasia; HGD, high grade dysplasia; proximal colon includes caecum, ascending and transverse colon; distal colon includes sigmoid, descending and splenic flexure. 
Var Hazard Ratio(95% CI) P-value. 
Gene Synonym Fold change   IS/RP vs. Control (IS/RP+SalA) vs. IS/RP. 
P <0.05, IS/RP group vs. untreated control group;. 
P <0.05, SalA-treated IS/RP group vs. IS/RP group. 
Mitotic kinases Phosphorylation sites Outcome References. 
Mitotic kinases-mediated p53 phosphorylation and the possible consequences. 
Items Value. 
Pheochromocytoma of the adrenal gland scoring scale (PASS) [ 38 ]. 
Syndrome Gene PCCs (%) Sympathetic PGL Parasympathetic PGL Bilateral/multifocal neoplasia Malignancy (%). 
Correlations between gene mutations and clinical phenotype. 
PCCs: pheochromocytomas; PGL: paragangliomas; +: present; ?: absent. 
Fusion protein Tumour type Reference. 
Identified ALK fusion proteins and their associated malignancies. Known ALK fusion proteins and the cancers they have been identified in are indicated. ALCL: anaplastic large cell lymphoma; DLBCL: diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; IMT: inflammatory myofibroblastic tumour; NSCLC: nonsmall cell lung carcinoma; RCC: renal cell carcinoma; SCC: squamous cell carcinoma. 
Dimerization/oligomerization domain Fusion protein Reference. 
Known or suspected dimerization/oligomerization domains in ALK fusion partners. Dimerization/oligomerization domains present ALK fusion partners that are postulated to mediate dimerization/oligomerization are indicated. With the exception of the basic domain of EML4-ALK, these domains have not been experimentally proven to mediate dimerization/oligomerization of the respective fusion proteins. The basic domain of EML4 also possesses a coiled-coil motif which is postulated to mediate dimerization. 
? The MYH9 coiled-coil domain is truncated in the fusion protein and may not be functional. 
Gene Variant Occurrence in centenarians Previous disease correlations Potential role in longevity Ref. 
Genes and variants found correlated with longevity in humans. 
*, result obtained by a candidate gene approach and replicated in other studies; †, result obtained from a GWAS and confirmed in a replication cohort. 
Pathway No. (%) of Leukemogens Cluster 0 Probability Cluster1 Probability. 
Top 10 biological and disease KEGG pathways targeted by leukemogens and their respective membership probabilities in the two clusters in Figure 1. 
Pathway No. (%) of Leukemogens No. (%) of Non-Leukemogens Cluster 0 Probability Cluster 1 Probability Mean Decrease Gini. 
Top pathways that separate leukemogens from leukemogen-negative carcinogens based on mean decrease in gini index scores from the random forests based classification. 
TBK1 IKK?. 
Number of active compounds (N) detected in each screen for total number detected (unfiltered), number after drug like filtering (filtered.drug-like), hits from the LOPAC and Kinase libraries, and the number of chemical clusters and singleton hits as described in the text. 
Peptide mapping identification of the vitreous body proteins in Sprague-Dawley rats after ischemia-reperfusion injury, using matrix-assisted laser desorption-ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry. 
*Mascot score is -10log(P), where P is the probability that the observed match is a random event. Protein scores greater than 51 are significant ( p < 0.05). 
Group Patient ID Gene Mutation coordinates (hg19) cDNA change Amino acid change Inheritance CpG site COSMIC (samples) c Grantham score GERP score. 
Summary of AKT3 , PIK3R2 and PIK3CA mutations identified in 37 megalencephaly families. 
N/A, parents not available. GERP, genomic evolutionary rate profiling. 
Subjects analyzed by exome sequencing. 
Affected siblings of family LR00-016. 
Presence of the same amino acid change in the Catalogue of Somatic Mutations in Cancer (COSMIC, see URLs); numbers in parentheses indicate the number of samples reported in COSMIC. Gene accession numbers: NM_005465.4 ( AKT3 ), NM_005027.2 ( PIK3R2 ), and NM_006218.2 ( PIK3CA ). See Supplementary Table 4 for details on the levels of PIK3CA mutant alleles in different tissues as well as in 174 control exomes. 
Although not reported in COSMIC, the PIK3R2 p.Gly373Arg was recently found in endometrial cancer (see Discussion for details). All mutations were absent from the Exome Variant Server, which consists of whole-exome sequencing data from ~5,400 subjects [NHLBI Exome Sequencing Project (ESP), Seattle, WA (see URLs, Date accessed: December, 2011)]. 
Megalencephaly patients Controls  Patient ID Source of DNA Mutation Coordinates (hg19) Amino acid change Total reads a Mutant reads a Percent mutant allele Mean mutant allele freq a , b (×10?4) Max mutant allele freq a , c (×10?4). 
PIK3CA mutations identified or confirmed by deep sequencing of five mutation sites. 
Abbreviations: LCL: lymphoblastoid cell line. 
Only bases with base quality 20 were considered. Controls section:. 
average frequency of the mutant allele in control individuals. 
Highest mutant allele frequency found in control individuals. 
Protein source Leucine content (g/100 g protein). 
Compound of Western diet Mechanisms of mTORC1 activation. 
Food Leucine (mg/100 g food). 
Source: German Nutrient Database, BLS-version 3.01. 
Food Leucine (mg/100 g food). 
Source: German Nutrient Database, BLS-version 3.01. 
Spot No Protein id Accession number Protein name Coverage (%) MOWSE score pIa MWa (Da) Expressional fold change. 
Up-arrows ?=? up-regulated. Down-arrows ?=? down-regulated. The % coverage of the analyzed peptides, the score from Mascot searches, the mass and pI (from the database) and Swiss-Prot accession number are shown for each protein. Proteins displaying up-regulation or down-regulation, with an average fold-difference ( P <0.05) of ?2-fold between pairs of conditions, are marked (+) and (?), respectively. MALDI-TOF MS result for % coverage of analyzed peptide and the score from Mascot searches. 
Murine gene ID Human gene ID Gene name Predicted localisation Expression in macrophages Clone length. 
Genes encoding the mouse clones uncovered in the functional screen were identified in GenBank. Putative localisation of the various proteins have been assessed using LOCATE ( http://locate.imb.uq.edu.au/ ). Predicted localisation is indicated by (P), and experimentally verified cellular localisation is indicated by (E). Endogenous mouse macrophage expression of the genes identified here has been characterised using BioGPS ( http://biogps.gnf.org/ ). The relative abundance of macrophage expression, compared to other cell types have been indicated (“+++” is for high expression levels, “+” is for modest expression). Genes that induced cxcl2 expression in the absence of residual Pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMP) contamination are highlighted in bold. Genes in bold induced the cxcl2 reporter >2 fold under strictly endotoxin-free conditions. 
C del denotes a C-terminal deletion in the library clone relative to the reference protein; N del denotes a N-terminal deletion in the library clone relative to the reference protein. 
Ion channels Transcriptional regulators Modifiers of Extracellular Matrix Signalling molecules Phospholipid homeostasis. 
Groups of proteins sharing similar biological function and modifiers of common processes identified as cxcl2 activators in the functional screen. 
SWI/SNF components in mammals Members Gene Biological relevance References. 
Components of the SWI/SNF complex and their biological roles in colorectal cancer. 
SWI: mating-type switching; SNF: sucrose nonfermenting; BRM: brahma; BRG1: brahma-related gene-1; BAFs: BRG- and BRM- associated factors; TSG: tumor suppressor gene; CRC: colorectal cancer; HLTF: helicase-like transcription factor; EMT: epithelial mesenchymal transition; ESC: embryonic stem cells. CRC? indicates a yet unknown role in colorectal cancer. 
Note: representative SWI/SNF components are shown; at least 15 subunits have been described in mammals so far. 
Compound Inflammatory disorder Protein target Clinical trial phase Status of clinical trial Company Reference. 
Clinical trials status of PI3K and SHIP-1 targeting compounds for the treatment of inflammatory disorders . 
Receptor Reference. 
Key receptors in the immune system that are known to recruit and/or be regulated by SHIP-1 . 
See main text for further details regarding whether SHIP-1 mediated negative or positive impact on signal transduction events elicited via each receptor . 
Cell type Phenotype of SHIP-1 KO. 
Impact of SHIP-1 gene targeting on leukocytes . 
N.B data is derived from germline SHIP-1 knock-out cells, except where denoted . 
aThe reported phenotype is derived from a T cell-specific SHIP-1 knock-out . 
BMMC, bone marrow-derived mast cells; CTMC, connective tissue mast cells; MMC, mucosal mast cells . 
SHIP-1 interacting proteins SHIP-2 interacting proteins SHIP-1 and SHIP-2 interacting proteins. 
SHIP-1 and SHIP-2 interacting proteins . 
Methods by which interactions have been identified are indicated: aimmunoprecipitation; byeast two hybrid; cmass spectrometry; dGST-SH3 pull-down. Where known, the domains within SHIP-1 that interact with these proteins are indicated in Figure 3 . Protein interactions with SHIP-1 that are known to result in positive signaling outcomes are indicated in red. Refer to main text for further detail . 
ARAP3, Arf-GAP, Rho-GAP, ankyrin repeat and PH domain-3; CIN85, Cbl-interacting 85?kDa protein; FUBP2, far upstream element binding protein-2; JIP1, c-Jun NH 2 terminal kinase (JNK)-interacting protein-1; KLRG1, killer cell lectin-like receptor G1; LyGDI, a Rho guanine nucleotide dissociation inhibitor originally identified in lymphocytes; PTPB1, protein-tyrosine phosphatase 1B . 
LSC HSC. 
Sample characteristics of leukemia vs. normal stem cells. 
Gene Accession number Forward primer (5??3?) Reverse primer (5??3?). 
List of PCR primers used in the study. 
h, human; r, rat. 
For AT1 receptor mRNA expression, the products of PCR amplification were separated on 3?% agarose gel and visualized with ethidium bromide to verify the size of amplicon. 
Affected residue Nucleotide substitution Introduced residue Occurrence ( n = 855) Associated phenotype. 
List of the disease-causing amino acid substitutions arising from single-base changes at codons 62 and 63 of the PTPN11 gene. 
Data are from the database reported by Tartaglia et al. ( 9 ) updated to April 2011. The complete list of somatically acquired and germline-transmitted disease-causing PTPN11 mutations and relevant references are available upon request. 
a This amino acid change was documented to be germline-transmitted in a subject with neuroblastoma without clinical features supporting a diagnosis of NS, suggesting that it might represent a private variant causally unrelated to disease. Parental DNAs were not available to verify the de novo occurrence of this variant. 
Clinical trial Regimens Tumor type Patient no. Response rate PFS (months). 
Everolimus clinical trials. 
Abbreviation: PFS, progression-free survival. 
Model System Description miR-34 Functional Outcome Ref. 
C/C C/T+T/T OR (95%CI) p-value. 
# Zheng W, 2005 (35). 
Excluded from analysis: 6 ANCA-neg; 5 PR3+MPO dual serology: 3 p-ANCA+ANA positives. 
G/G G/A+A/A OR (95%CI) p-value. 
CT+TT (%) CC (%) OR (95% Cl) p-value. 
Patient/ Age Gender Diagnosis ANCA Disease Genotype    subtype activity. 
Patient's sample included in western blot analysis of signaling pathways. 
Patient/ Age Gender Diagnosis ANCA Disease Genotype    subtype activity. 
Pathway (number of genes annotated in the pathway) UKF-NB-4 Hi vs UKF-NB-4 (rank a / P -value/genes affected b ) UKF-NB-4 HiGCV vs UKF-NB-4 (rank a / P -value/genes affected b ). 
Abbreviations: EGF, epidermal growth factor; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor. 
Pathways were ranked by their P -values with the lowest P -value being rank 1. 
Pathway genes differentially expressed between the data sets (FDR<0.05). In total, 25?431 genes were annotated in the PANTHER reference list. 8832 genes were differentially expressed between UKF-NB-4Hi and UKF-NB-4, 8873 between UKF-NB-4HiGCV and UKF-NB-4. 
Pathway Oberthuer et al. 27 , a Asgharzadeh et al. 28 , b. 
Abbreviations: EGF, epidermal growth factor; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor. 
21 out of 153 pathways were significantly differentially regulated ( P <0.05). 
32 out of 153 pathways were significantly differentially regulated ( P <0.05). 
Pathways were ranked according to their P -values for the comparison of non-favourable vs favourable outcome with the lowest P -value being rank 1. 
Primer name Sequence. 
  Methylation status of tumor biopsies P   Unmethylated Methylated  . 
Abbreviations: HBV, hepatitis B infection; HCC, human hepatocellular carcinoma; HCT, Hemochromatosis; HCV, hepatitis C infection; MD; moderate differentiated; NA, not assigned; UD, undifferentiated; WD, well differentiated. 
Cell line used Treatment Antibody c1/c2?=?2n2-n1. 
ChIP-qPCR analysis was carried out as described in the Materials and Methods section using a polyclonal antibody raised against PARP-1 (Santa Cruz, H250; 2 µg/extract of one million cells) as precipitation agent. The treatment modalities and the ratio of PARP-1 bound promoter DNAs, isolated from differently treated cells (HeLa and HL60), and amplified by qPCR and calculated from the fluorescence of the Eva-Green complexes formed with the double-stranded PCR products, are shown. The c1/c2 values represent the ratio of the concentrations of PARP-1 bound c-myc promoter DNAs present in the ChIP products obtained from the treated (1) and from the non-treated (2) cell populations and calculated using the c1/c2?=?2n2 – n1 formula, where n1 and n2 are the number of PCR cycles needed to reach the same fluorescence value in the logarithmic phase of the PCR curves. 
Experiment no. Protein added ? FRET activity (%) * n ‡. 
decrease in FRET activity during one minute (% of decrease in the maximal height of the FRET peak measured at 0 time). 
number of experiments. 
F- myc GQ-R double labeled FRET oligonucleotide (25 pmol) was incubated either alone or with the tested proteins for one minute in a volume of 50 µl, than its FRET spectra was taken (0 min value). The complementary, antiparallel oligonucleotide to the GQ structure (in a tenfold molar excess) was admixed and FRET spectra was recorded at 1, 3 and 5 minutes after annealing has been initiated. The kinetics of the decrease of the FRET peak heights were calculated and shown as ?FRET peak value during one minute of annealing as percentage of the zero minute FRET peak height values. Excitation was at 485 nm and emissions were recorded between 500–650 nms. 
Samplenumber Johnsenscore [38] Donor age (years) Indication for orchidectomy Previous treatment. 
Antibody Staining pattern 1 Type 2 Clone Epitope Dilution Provider Reference. 
pm ?=? plasma membrane; n?=? nuclear; c?=? cytoplasm. 
pAb, polyclonal antibody; mAb, monoclonal antibody. 
Sample-block number No. of sections/approximate volume screened Number of putative microclones Number (%) MAGEA4 only Number (%) MAGEA4+ other a FGFR3 positive (primary/ post hoc ) Microclone density (microclones per mm3) Immunopositive tubular cross-sections (%). 
Testes were stained with different combinations of antibodies; see Dataset S1 . 
Microclones negative for MAGEA4 but positive for 2 or more other antigens. NA?=? Samples 2–2 and 3–2 were not analysed for the presence of cellular clusters/microclones. 
Patient Specimen# Age Sex Stage Location Differentiation MSI #Aberrations. 
MSI   Stable (n?=?21) Low (n?=?4) High (n?=?5) P value. 
Total aberrations Amplif. Del. Amplif. Males Amplif. Females Del. Males Del. Females. 
Aberration Mean (SD) P value. 
Lassmann African Americans (n?=?30) Gene Chromosome Amplified (%) Deleted (%) Amplified (%) Deleted (%). 
African Americans (n?=?30) Gene Chromosome Amplified (%) Deleted (%). 
Agent (Phase) Reference Study Type Malignancy No. of Patients Formulation Comment. 
Phase 2 and 3 Studies of Mammalian Target of Rapamycin Inhibitors in Patients With Sarcoma. 
Abbreviations: GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; HR, hazard ratio; IV, intravenous; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; STS, soft tissue sarcoma; TSC, tuberous sclerosis complex. 
Agent Reference Most Common Adverse Events: All Grades Grade 3/4 or Serious Adverse Events. 
Safety Summary From Phase 2 and 3 Trials of Mammalian Target of Rapamycin Inhibitors. 
Serious adverse events. 
Grade 3/4 adverse events. 
    Two-point LOD score of Family A and B (?)   STR marker Genetic position (cM) 0.00 0.01 0.05 0.10 0.20 0.30 0.40 Max LOD score (?). 
GO terms Des count FDR. 
FDR: False Discovery Rate (Benjamini). 
Application Primer Sequence (5??3?). 
Xho I,. 
Hin d III, and. 
Kpn I sites are underlined. 
n-Ffold (±SEM)b Gene symbol Functionc Spot no. Matching scored Proteina T-Huh7e C-Huh7f   T-Huh7 C-Huh7 T-Huh7 C-Huh7. 
Proteins of transfected and cured Huh7 cells where expression was modulated in cocultures with H. bilis and identified by LC/MS-MS. 
a Proteins were identified by LC-MS/MS and MASCOT searches of the NCBI nr database. bDifferential expression by at least 2-fold level of proteins of transfected or cured Huh7 cells exposed to sublethal concentration of H. bilis initial inoculum density of 103?cfu/mL; an n-fold value of >2 indicates upregulation, while a value of <0.5 indicates downregulation. cProteins were classified into functional categories based on the PANTHER, KEGG, Swiss-Prot and NCBI databases, and by reference to the published literature. dProteins with peptide matching score of >49 were considered significant for identification. ?Protein isoforms. eTransfected Huh7 cells; fCured Huh7 cells. 
Mechanisms of lung tumor escape. 
Types of immunotherapy for lung cancer. 
Bcl-2 pro-survival group Function References. 
8-OHdG (µM) ?-H2AX (µM). 
Cell Count (%Control) % Binucleated % Micronuclei a. 
% micronuclei in binucleated cells. 
statistically significant by ANOVA followed by Dunn’s post hoc test (p<0.05). 
data are mean ±SD. 
Cell Count (%Control) % Binucleated % Micronuclei a. 
% micronuclei in binucleated cells. 
statistically significant by ANOVA followed by Dunn’s post hoc test (p<0.05). 
statistically significant by ANOVA followed by Dunnett’s post hoc test (p<0.05). 
data are mean ±SD. 
Total Controls Chronic pancreatitis Pancreatic cancer  n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%). 
- at time point of sample collection;. 
- endocrine pancreatic insufficiency is defined by impaired glucose tolerance test or by manifest diabetes mellitus;. 
- exocrine pancreatic insufficiency is defined by reduced elastase in stool. 
MicroRNA Tumor Pancreatic fluid Blood Feces Predicted biological function Gene Targets References. 
Initial condition of System 1 Initial condition of Systems 2 Max % of activated kinase at 5 min in System 2 Activated kinases at 5 min in System 2. 
System 1 is the model based on the proteomic data only with normalized protein concentrations. System 2 is the model based on both proteomic and other experimental data with absolute protein concentrations. Except the variables in this table, the initial conditions of other variables are zeros. The concentrations of three phosphatases were calculated based on both the absolute kinase concentration in [30] and ratio of phosphatase concentration to the corresponding kinase concentration in [26] . 
Species name Protein name Function % identity E value. 
Similarity between C.e gamma -glutamylcysteine synthetase and orthologues in H.s., S.c., and D.m . 
C.e : C. elegans , H.s : H. sapiens , S.c : S. cerevisiae , D.m : D. melanogaster. 
Species name Protein name Function % identity E value. 
Similarity between C.e glutathione synthetase and orthologues in H.s., S.c ., and D.m . 
C.e : C. elegans , H.s : H. sapiens , S.c : S. cerevisiae , D.m : D. melanogaster . 
PDI homolog Known functions C. elegans ortholog (paralogs). 
Characterised protein disulfide isomerase and their C. elegans orthologs. 
Italic rowsare human proteins that share the same C. elegans paralogs. 
Gene Primer Sequences Annealing Temperature (°C) Size (bp). 
Groups Tumorigenicity Metastases Liver metastasis    Incidence Number. 
Public ID Gene Symbol Gene Title Fold. 
Public ID Gene Symbol PC-related Hedgehog-related. 
P positive correlation, *Direct target genes of Hedgehog signalings. 
miR-126 levels a expression of PIK3R2 protein the phosphorylation of Akt  Score 0 Score 1 Score 2 Score 3 Score 0 Score 1 Score 2 Score 3. 
Patients were divided into two groups with low and high microRNA-126 expression levels, based on their microRNA-126 expression levels: those with less than median of microRNA-126 expression levels and those with more than or equal to median of microRNA-126 expression levels (median: 0.654). 
Characteristic No. of Patients microRNA-126 P Value. 
P Value hazard ratio 95% CI. 
Genotypes Cases (N?=?442) Controls (n?=?543) P value Adjusted OR (95% CI) P trend. 
Multiplicity of infection (MOI) Number of cells plated Number of viable cells (SD)  L/mCh cell gro29/gfp cell L/mCh cell gro29/gfp cell. 
Strain Relevant genotype Source or reference. 
Mating and sporulation frequency (%) b Strain genotype a +N ?N. 
For analysis of homothallic strains, pre-grown cultures of h 90 WT (JY4), h 90 gaf1? (KL211), h 90 ste11? (JZ396), and h 90 gaf1? ste11? (KL213) were spotted onto EMM2 (+N) and EMM-N (?N) plates, and the cells were observed by DIC microscopy to determine sporulation frequencies after 3-d incubation at 30°C. For analysis of heterothallic strains, 1?1 mixtures of the pre-grown mating pairs, h + (ED668)× h ? (ED665), h + gaf1? (KL216)× h ? gaf1? (KL210), and h + ste11? (KL416)× h ? gaf1? (KL240) were spotted onto EMM2 and EMM-N plates. 
The values represent the average ± the standard deviation of at least three independent assays carried out in triplicate. 
Expression ratio a Subgroup Systematic No. Gene Description (GeneDB)   . 
Relative expression of the genes was measured by microarray assay in the nitrogen-starved (?N) and unstarved (+N) cells of wild-type (ED668) and gaf1? (KL216) strains. Unstarved (+N) cells were prepared from the mid-log phase cultures in EMM2. Nitrogen-starved (?N) cells were prepared by shifting the mid-log phase cells to EMM-N for 4 h as described in Materials and Methods . 
Genes up-regulated by gaf1 ? mutation under both nitrogen-starved and unstarved conditions (Subgroup G, p <0.05). 
Genes up-regulated by gaf1 ? mutation only under nitrogen starved conditions (Subgroup D+E, p <0.05). 
Associated bacteria Effector(s) Secretion Targeting domain/mechanisma. 
Plasma membrane-associated bacterial effectors and their mechanisms of targeting . 
a See text for detailed descriptions and references . 
Amino acid sequences of the known bacterial effector-membrane localization domains a . 
a See text for further clarification of mechanisms and references . 
Toxin Species Mol. weight Lethal activity 1 Targets. 
Large clostridial toxins . 
Amounts listed are for one mouse lethal dose and were obtained by intraperitoneal injection (Ball et al., 1993 ; Amimoto et al., 2007 ). 
TcdB-F is a variant TcdB produced by the TcdA?TcdB+ strain 1470 (Chaves-Olarte et al., 1999 ). 
The amino acid sequence for TcsH is unknown. The estimated molecular weight is based on SDS-PAGE (Martinez and Wilkins, 1988 ). 
Primary tissue Unique mutated samples % mutated Total unique samples Mutation data references. 
Somatic mutations in mapk6/erk3 in cancer tissues. 
Primary tissue Unique mutated samples % mutated Total unique samples Mutation data references. 
Somatic mutations in mapk4/erk4 in cancer tissues. 
Primary tissue Unique mutated samples % mutated Total unique samples Mutation data references. 
Somatic mutations in mapkapk-5 in cancer tissues. 
Cell Type Sequences Reference. 
Consensus GRE sequences identified from ChIPseq experiments. 
R: A or G, Y : C or T , W: A or T, S: G or C, K: G or T, N: any nucleotide. 
  miR-126  . 
Abbreviations: miR-126=microRNA-126; Well=well-differentiated squamous cell carcinoma; Mod=moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma; Poor=poorly differentiated squamous cell carcinoma. 
The statistical analysis was performed by Fischer's exact t -test. The T classification and the clinical stage were performed according to the TNM classification. 
  miR-126  . 
Abbreviations: ANOVA=analysis of variance; LVD=lymphovessel density; miR-126=microRNA-126; MVD=microvessel density. 
The statistical analysis was performed by one-factor ANOVA. Means±s.d., each s.d. was less than 10%. 
Parameters Risk ratio 95% CI P -value. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence intervals; miR-126=microRNA-126; Mod=moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma; Poor=poorly differentiated squamous cell carcinoma; Well=well-differentiated squamous cell carcinoma. 
The univariate analysis was performed by log-rank test, and the multivariate analysis was performed by the Cox proportional hazard model. 
Patients n GDR (mg/kg/min) HOMA index. 
Clinical studies assessing IR in healthy controls, CKD patients, and patients receiving PD, HD, or kidney transplantation (KT). 
CKD: chronic kidney disease; GDR: glucose disposal rate; HOMA: homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance; ESRD: end stage renal disease; CAPD: continuous ambulatory PD; Tx: dialysis treatment; KT: kidney transplantation. 
aNondiabetic. 
Patient 1 Patient 2 Patient 3. 
Patients' characteristics. 
AZA: 5-azacytidine (Vidaza, Celgene); IPSS: international prognostic scoring system; TD: transfusion dependency; TU: transfusion unit; ESP: erythropoiesis-stimulating protein; Hb: haemoglobin; WBC: white blood cells; PLT: platelets; PB-blasts: peripheral blood blast counts; ASCT: allogeneic stem cell transplantation. 
STRING PPI network Oriented network Sources Targets. 
The undirected protein interaction network from STRING contained 55,623 interactions amongst 5,874 proteins. Starting from this network, the orientation algorithm purged 1,503 proteins and 8,123 edges that were not on any 5-hop path between a source and target pair. Of the almost 20 million non-existing edges, STRING provided evidence for 659,717 potential edges that were each weighted by a confidence value in [0,1]. We included every potential edge that had weight We used 5 sources and 11 targets. 
# Src Tgt Score Weight Comments. 
The original value of the objective function (score) was 12.91. The Src and Tgt columns indicate the direction of the predicted edge. The markers (s) and (t) imply that the protein was an original HOG source or target, respectively. The weight of the edge comes from STRING. Predictions for which there is evidence of direct, physical interaction are shown with a checkmark. 
# Src Tgt Score Weight Comments. 
The original value of the objective function (score) was 18.24. The Src and Tgt columns indicate the direction of the predicted edge. The markers (s) and (t) imply that the protein was an original HOG source or target, respectively. The weight of the edge comes from STRING. Predictions for which there is evidence of direct, physical interaction are shown with a checkmark. 
Algorithm 1. Greedy ( :directed graph, :sources, :targets, : number of edges to add). 
For the S hortcuts -SS problem, line 6 of the algorithm is modified to compute the sum of distances from each target to its single closest source. This way, each target is modeled to be regulated by one source as opposed to every source. 
genotype Induction±SE % Vul % Muv n. 
SE indicates the standard error of the mean. % Vul indicates the fraction of animals with less than three induced VPCs. % Muv indicates the fraction of animals with more than three induced VPCs. Induction indicates the average number of induced VPCs per animal. 
indicates a p-value?0.005;. 
indicates a p-value?0.0005. Numbers in brackets indicate the row against which a t-test was performed. Alleles used: LG I: daf-16(mu86) , LG II: age-1(mg44), let-23(sy1) , LG III: daf-2(e1370) , LG IV: let-60(n1046), daf-18(ok480) , LG V: akt-1(ok525lf), akt-1(mg144af) , LG X: lin-2(n397) . 
F1 progeny of heterozygous age-1(lf)/+ parents. 
genotype RNAi Induction ±SE % Vul % Muv n. 
SE indicates the standard error of the mean. % Vul indicates the fraction of animals with less than three induced VPCs. % Muv indicates the fraction of animals with more than three induced VPCs. Induction indicates the average number of induced VPCs per animal. Alleles used: LG II: age-1(mg44) , LG IV: daf-18(ok480) , let-60(n1046) , LGV: akt-1(ok525lf) , LG X: lin-2(n397) . 
genotype Induction±SE % Vul % Muv n. 
SE indicates the standard error of the mean. % Vul indicates the fraction of animals with three or less induced VPCs. % Muv indicates the fraction of animals with more than three induced VPCs. Induction indicates the average number of induced VPCs per animal. 
indicates a p-value<0.05. 
indicates a p-value<0.0005, numbers in brackets indicates the row number against which a t-test was performed. Alleles used: LG II: let-23(sy1) , LG III: mpk-1(ga117) , LG IV: daf-18(ok480), let-60(n1046), lin-3(e1417), lin-45(sy96) , LG V: sos-1(s1031) , LG X: lin-2(n397) . 
sos-1(s1031) is cis-linked to unc-46(e177) . 
Anatomical site of origin Somatic gene mutation Approximate frequency (%) References. 
Molecular drivers in melanoma. 
Phase Patient number Patient population Response rate (%) Median PFS (months) Median OS (months) References. 
Summary of BRIM trial results. 
Notes:. 
With BRAF mutations;. 
by independent assessment;. 
from the Summary of Product Characteristics, European Medicines Agency. 
Abbreviations: HR, hazards ratio; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival. 
VEGFR-2 PDGFR RET EGFR c-KIT B-Raf FLT3 MET BCR/ABL. 
Kinases inhibited by multikinase inhibitors with clinical activity in refractory thyroid cancer. 
Abbreviations: BCR/ABL, breakpoint cluster/Abelson; B-Raf, B-type Raf kinase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; FLT3, FMS-like tyrosine kinase receptor 3; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; RET, rearranged during transfection; VEGFR-2, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2. 
Agents Trial Subtypes included Number of patients PR % (n) SD % (n) PFS (months). 
Phase II and III trials reported of multikinase inhibitors in patients with advanced and refractory thyroid cancer. 
Notes:. 
Only phase III trial reported;. 
estimated;. 
phase I trial with a subgroup of patients with medullary thyroid cancer. 
Abbreviations: ATC, anaplastic thyroid cancer; DTC, differentiated thyroid cancer; MTC, medullary thyroid cancer; NR, not reported; PFS, progression-free survival; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; ZETA, Zactima Efficacy in Thyroid Cancer Assessment. 
Patients at increased risk for HCC  Cirrhosis Without cirrhosis. 
At-risk groups for which surveillance for HCC is recommended. 
© John Wiley and Sons 2012. Adapted with permission from Bruix and Sherman. 15. 
Abbreviation: HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma. 
ID Acronym Active arm Control arm Primary outcome Indications. 
Select phase III trials evaluating sorafenib. 
Adapted from Gastroenterology, 140:5, Villanueva A and Llovet JM, Targeted therapies for hepatocellular carcinoma, p. 17, © 2011, with permission from Elsevier Ltd. 163. 
Abbreviations: tx, treatment; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; TACE, transarterial chemoembolization. 
Sr no Trial number Phase status Drugs compared Target patient number Organization/Institute Purpose Target marker Outcome. 
An overview of ongoing clinical trials evaluating biomarker status in cetuximab therapy. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung carcinoma; IHC, immunohistochemistry; FISH, fluorescence-in-situ hybridization; FDG-PET, fluoro-deoxyglucose positron emission tomography (FDG PET); CT, computed tomography; pMAPK, phosphorylated mitogen activated protein kinase; K-ras, Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog. 
residue peptide. 
Shown are the identified residues indicated in bold with pS or pT and the surrounding 6 amino acids before and after the phosphorylated residue. 
Methylation data microRNA data mRNA data. 
Specific antagonists Inotropic effect Hypertrophy phospho-ERK1/2. 
GF109203X induced a significant increase in developed force within 1 hour of incubation. 
ID SYMBOL Name ENTREZ FoldChange Direction. 
Genes upregulated by WA are in bold. 
Gene Pathway. 
Gene Chr. Genomic Position Nucleotide Alteration Protein Alteration Protein Position Sanger-confirmed Tumors. 
Discovered by qPCR. 
Classical Analysis by GeneSifter MAP vs PBS  Upregulated Downregulated Total. 
Activated Pathways t?=?30 t?=?60 Activated Pathways (con't) t?=?30 t?=?60 Suppressed Pathways t?=?30 t?=?60. 
Activated Pathways t?=?120 t?=?240 t?=?480 Activated Pathways (con't) t?=?120 t?=?240 t?=?480 Suppressed Pathways t?=?120 t?=?240 t?=?480. 
Activated Pathway Description t?=?720 Activated Pathway Description (con't) t?=?720 Suppressed Pathway Description t?=?720. 
Gene Pathway Overlaps. 
Symbol Description t?=?30 t?=?60 t?=?120 t?=?240 t?=?480 t?=?720. 
t?=?time (in minutes) post-infection. 
Infection Model Expression level Reference. 
Start Gene Start Gene Description Normalized Correlation Weight End Gene End Gene Description Relationship. 
Con ISO. 
Means ± SE (n?=?5) *P<0.05, student T-test. 
Identification & functional category Relative protein level in ISO p-value NCBI GI. 
Molecular alteration Thyroid cancer Adrenal cancer Ovarian cancer. 
Main molecular alterations involving the IGF system components in thyroid, adrenal, and ovarian cancer. 
? In vitro In vivo Trials References. 
Preclinical and clinical studies. 
TKI: tyrosine kinase inhibitor targeting the IGF system; Ab: antibody; IS: insulin sensitizer. 
Variable CTR COPD LC. 
Demographic and Clinic-pathological features of the subjects under study. 
1 Statistical comparisons are between cases (COPD, LC) and CTR. 
2 Median (minimum and maximum). 
3 p?<?0.05 compared with COPD. 
4 Atypia cells (was classified from mild to severe. 
5 CIS?=? Carcinoma in situ. 
6 p?<?0.0001 compared with COPD and LC. 
7p?>?0.05 compared with LC. 
Gene CTR 1 COPD             No. Pos (%) No. Pos (%) OR (95% CI) P LC No. Pos (%) OR (95% CI) P. 
Prevalence and odds ratios for gene promoter hypermethylation in sputum. 
Pos: Positive. 
1Reference Group. 
Nutrient (g/kg) Diets  SC VitD?. 
All the nutrients corresponded to the recommendations of AIN93G for rodents. Abbreviations: SC, standard chow; VitD?, vitamin D restricted diet. 
Parameters F1-SC F1-VitD- F2-SC F2-VitD-. 
Data were kept for six-month-old male offspring in both the F1 and F2 generations. Data are reported as means ± SEM; P <0.05, one-way ANOVA and post-hoc Turkey's test:. 
compared to SC counterpart;. 
compared to F1 generation. 
Legends: BM, body mass; FI, food intake; WI, water intake. 
Cell lines a IC50(µM). 
Cells (1×104) were incubated with various concentrations of clitocine for 48 h. Cell viability was measured by MTT assay. IC50 represents clitocine concentration causing a 50% growth inhibition. 
Stage UICC/WHO 2004 ENSAT 2008. 
Staging systems of adrenal cortical carcinoma (ACC) according to the criteria of the Union Internationale Contre Cancer (UICC) 2004 and the European Network for the Study of Adrenal Tumors (ENSAT) 2008. 
T1: tumor ?5?cm; T2: tumor >5?cm; T3: tumor infiltration into surrounding tissue; T4: tumor invasion into adjacent organs or venous tumor thrombosis; N0: no positive lymph nodes; N1: positive lymph node(s); M0: no distant metastasis; M1: distant metastasis. 
Treatment protocols employed in the FIRM-ACT study. 
Pathway Cooperation Competition Redundancy Dependency GSA. 
Q-values for pathways detected by of GIENA and GSA for the P53 dataset. 
q-value?<?0.01 is considered as significant, and highlighted in bold. 
Pathway Cooperation Competition Redundancy Dependency GSA. 
Q-values of pathways detected by GIENA for the pancreatic cancer dataset. 
q-value?<?0.01 is considered as significant, and highlighted in bold. Note none of pathways has significant q-value using GSA. 
Pathways Cooperation Competition Redundancy Dependency. 
Q-values of pathways detected by GIENA for three breast cancer datasets. 
q-value?<?0.01 is considered as significant, and q-values for pathways with significant q-values for at least two datasets are highlighted in bold. 
Two pathways detected by GIENA only are in italics. 
Dataset 1: GSE7390; Dataset 2: GSE19615; Dataset 3: GSE26639. 
Only pathways detected by at least two datasets listed. 
Both P27 and FBW7 pathways are in top 25 pathways in normal GSA results in all three datasets. 
  Dataset 1 Dataset 2 Dataset 3. 
Q-values of pathways detected by GSA for the three breast cancer datasets. 
q-value?<?0.01 is considered as significant. 
Only pathways detected by at least two datasets are listed. 
Dataset 1: GSE7390; Dataset 2: GSE19615; Dataset 3: GSE26639. 
  Cooperation Competition Redundancy Dependency. 
Comparison of performance of four profiles in dataset 1 (GSE7390) of breast cancer. 
The listed are number of overlapping pathways detected by two profiles divided by the number of pathways detected by the profile in each row. For other two datasets of breast cancer, the results are similar. 
Criterion Europid men Europid women Asian men and women (south and east) and other similar groups. 
   . 
100-120 metaphases were scored for each cell line in each treatment condition.*The ratio of chromatid:chromosome type aberrations is significantly different between the sham and 3Gy treatment groups at 10-14PDs for Dnmt1-/- cells (?2 p=0.024 after Bonferroni correction). RT=reciprocal translocations; Dic=dicentric; CR=Centric Ring; insdel=insertion or deletion. 
Cell line and condition Number of independent selections Number of cells screened per selection Average plating efficiency Number of mutations per selection† Mutation rate‡. 
The number in brackets indicates the number of selections in which the adjacent number of drug-resistant colonies was observed. ‡Calculated using Luria Delbrück fluctuation analysis and corrected for plating efficiency. 
Time Eluent A (%). 
Non-producer Producer Significantly differentially expressed transporters 1 Metabolite Rate ± SE Rate ± SE . 
Rates are shown in µmol (gDW h)?1. Negative rates represent consumption and positive rates production of the corresponding metabolite. 
Differentially expressed transporters in producer and non-producer cultures according to Significance Analysis of Microarrays (SAM) using a false discovery rate of 5.17%. All amino acid transporters were upregulated in producer cultures. OUR?=?oxygen uptake rate, SE?=?standard error, Y?=?yield,. 
indicates rates which were statistically significantly different (p<0.05, ANOVA) in producer and non-producer cultures. 
Time point 1 Time point 2 Time point 3 Time point 4 Metabolite FC ± SE FC ± SE FC ± SE FC ± SE. 
Bold text indicates statistically significantly different metabolites (ANOVA, p<0.05). UDP-GlcA?=?UDP-glucuronic acid, F16DP?=?fructose-1,6-diphosphate, SE?=?standard error, n?=?9. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold change. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold change q value (%). 
The genes listed in this table were identified using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis (IPA) and through visual inspection of the list of differentially expressed genes identified using Significance Analysis for Microarrays (SAM, q <5.17%). Genes involved in the folding of specific proteins (e.g., actin), and hence apparently unrelated to folding of the recombinant protein, were removed. 
Gene ID Gene name Fold change q value (%). 
Genes in this table were identified using Ingenuity Pathway analysis (IPA) and through visual inspection of the list of differentially expressed genes determined using Significance Analysis for Microarrays (SAM, q<5.17%, bold text). A positive/negative fold change indicates up/downregulation in producer cultures. 
Plasmid % in G1 % in S % in G2-M Total % sub-G1. 
Cell cycle distribution of BxPC3 cells transfected with mRSK4 variants. 
Note: Data are presented as mean ± SD. 
significantly different from the vector transfected counterpart (p<0.05);. 
significantly different from the intact RSK4 transfected counterpart (p<0.05). 
Time Clone %G1 % S %G2-M %subG1. 
Effects of serum starvation on the cell cycle distribution of AsPC-1 cells. 
Note: Data are presented as Mean ± SD. G1, S and G2 phase cells sum to 100% of viable cells. Sub-G1 are attached but dead cells. 
significantly different from 0% serum counterpart (p<0.05);. 
significantly different from the intact hRSK4 counterpart (p<0.05);. 
significantly different from the vector counterpart (p<0.05). 
Fresh air ( n ?=?10) SHS ( n ?=?9) SHS + GW5074 ( n ?=?8)  Emax pEC50 Emax pEC50 Emax pEC50. 
The bronchial segments were isolated from rats that were exposed to fresh air, SHS and SHS + GW5074 (0.5 mg/kg) for 8 weeks. The Emax values represent maximal contraction, the pEC50 values represent negative logarithm of the concentration that produces 50% of the maximal contractile effect. The Emax and pEC50 values from airway contractions were induced by 5-HT, S6c, ET-1, U46619 and carbachol. The values are expressed as the means ± SEM and n refers to the number of rats. The statistical analysis was performed using unpaired student's t -test with Welch's correction. *P <0.05, **P <0.01 vs. fresh air exposure group; #P <0.05 vs. SHS exposure group. 
Gene name Abbreviation Accession No. Primer sequence. 
Antigen Abbreviation Host Dilution Source. 
GEO ID Series Tumors Controls Reference. 
Fourth column is the reference entry. 
Gene (kcal/mol)  (mol/kcal). 
Gene   . 
is the corresponding gene expression intensity value, concentration [?=?] picomolar, chemical potentials [?=?] kcal/mol. 
Un-adjusted probability REACTOME Pathways Gene ID. 
Collection No. gene Enriched sets Nominal FDR NES  sets  p-value q-value . 
Summary of the the GSEA results: some of the enriched gene sets involved in cancer and metabolism are shown (Nom. pval and FDR ). 
Gene symbol Fold change from microarray data Fold change from real-time PCR Experiment(reference). 
S1–S4 refer to different samples in microarray analysis, T796, T661, T787 and T808 refer to different tumor samples in RT-PCR. 
NB refers to experimental determination by Northern blot instead of RT-PCR. 
Gene symbol/Affy ID Array Tissue % samples. 
Gene symbol/Affy ID Experimental factor Expression status p-value Experiment (reference). 
GenBank accession no. Symbol Ratio IL-1Ra/control P-value. 
Most up- and down-regulated genes upon blockade of IL-1R signal in RAS-keratinocytes. 
The differential gene list between the RAS-keratinocytes treated with IL-1ra versus RAS-keratinocyte control group was generated using limma R package with two different cutoffs for p-values. 
Mouse mutant Description of transgenic (promoter) Increased AT/AF telemetric ECG Increased AT/AF in sedated mice Increased AT/AF in EP study AVB Conduction A APD A ERP Contractile function Atrial dilation Atrial thrombi Atrial fibrosis Reference. 
Murine Models of Atrial Fibrillation . 
Murine models of AF were divided into five categories: Altered G-Protein Coupled signaling; altered ion channel dynamics, anchoring, and junctional complexes, altered calcium homeostasis; altered transcriptional, post transcriptional, and epigenetic regulators; cytokines and growth factors. Models were identified via a publication search on Pubmed using the terms “mouse atrial arrhythmia.” This returned a total of 351 hits all which were then individually screened for relevance in terms of: spontaneous atrial tachycardia and/or fibrillation (AT/AF) during telemetric or sedated analysis; increased induced occurrence of atrial tachycardia and/or fibrillation (AT/AF) in electrophysiology (EP) studies; atrial ventricular block (AVB) including PQ/PR prolongation as AVBI; effect on atrial conduction (direct and indirect); effect on atrial action potential duration (APD); effect on atrial effective refractory period (ERP); effect on contractile function refractory period, ERP; contractile function (V-ventricular, A-atrial); presence of atrial dilation; atrial thrombi, and atrial fibrosis. ? indicates presence of that condition, × indicates absence of the condition, unticked boxes do not necessarily mean that a condition has been completely ruled out for a given model, only that there is no evidence as yet . =, unaltered. References are shown in the right hand column. The first reference for each model describes the generation of that model . 
Mice/Rat strain Control intake (type or kcal/day) Calorie restriction Outcome Reference   Amount in kcal/day % Restriction with respect to ad-libitum diet  . 
Summary of the extent of caloric restriction and its effect on tumor growth . 
(1) 30% total diet restriction. 
(2) 30% carbohydrate restriction. 
(3) 30% lipid restriction. 
(1) 30% total diet restriction. 
(2) 30% carbohydrate restriction. 
(3) 30% lipid restriction. 
Observed mass Predicted mass Assigned peptide sequences Cross-links. 
  nilotinib lonafarnib Gene symbol feature Function/ relation to malignancy   8093 B2 8093 B2. 
*Also significantly modified in vivo. Fold-upregulation is as indicated, compared with cells at t = 0. Also see Fig. S1 and Fig. S3 .a CD36 is a scavenger receptor involved in inflammation. 21 bGp49a lacks an inhibitory ITIM and has a stimulatory activity in inflammation. 22 cGp49b/Lilrb4/ILT3 is a member of the immunoglobulin superfamily that is expressed, among others, by macrophages, mast cells and T-cells. It has an ITIM motif and negatively regulates IgE and mast-cell dependent inflammation. It also downregulates proinflammatory cytokine production in activated T-cells. 23 - 25 dGpnmb/osteoactivin is expressed, among others, on macrophages, osteoclasts and dendritic cells. It is induced by IFN-? and LPS and acts as a feedback regulator of proinflammatory responses. 26 , 27 eClec4d is expressed at high levels in macrophages and is upregulated by, among others, IL-6 and IFN-?. 29 , 30 fCcl3 is a proinflammatory cytokine. 31 It is involved in CLL survival. 32 gCcl6 is an important proinflammatory chemokine produced by the innate immune system in large amounts during inflammatory disorders 34 Transcription can be activated by activation of the MAPK/MEK pathway. 35 hMMP12 expression is implicated in the pathology caused by inflammation in the lung. It is expressed by macrophages. 37 - 39. 
Type of TGF-? Brain Regions. 
Brain areas with high expression level of TGF-?s. 
Donor’s id Age (years) Gender Tumor location Diagnosis. 
Collected neurofibroma specimens used to establish Schwann cell cultures. 
Accession n ° Protein name NSC NFSCs Subcellular localization Function. 
List of proteins that were uniquely secreted by the plexiform neurofibroma Schwann cells or by the normal Schwann cells. 
NSC: normal human primary Schwann cells; NFSCs: plexiform neurofibroma derived Schwann cells. Numbers represent the average spectral count detected in either normal human Schwann cell group ( n = 2) or plexiform neurofibroma derived Schwann cell group ( n = 4). 
denote proteins that were secreted in 3 out of 4 NFSCs cultures;. 
EFEMP1: EGF-containing fibulin-like extracellular matrix protein 1. 
Accession n ° Protein name NSC NFSCs Subcellular localization Function. 
List of proteins that were differentially secreted between the plexiform neurofibroma and the normal Schwann cell cultures. 
NSC: normal human primary Schwann cells; NFSCs: plexiform neurofibroma derived Schwann cells. Numbers represent the average spectral count detected in either normal human Schwann cell group ( n = 2) or plexiform neurofibroma derived Schwann cell group ( n = 4). 
Characteristics RTOG 98-12 (n = 105) CXRT (n = 91) P -value a CXRT+R115777 (n = 94) P -value a        Number % Number %  Number % . 
Pretreatment characteristics of CXRT and CXRT+R115777 vs RTOG 98-12. 
Notes:. 
From Chi-square test compared to RTOG 98-12;. 
Chi-square test not valid. 
Abbreviations: CXRT, concurrent radiation with gemcitabine and paclitaxel; RTOG 98-12, Radiation Therapy Oncology Group study 98-12; R115777, farnesyl transferase inhibitor; n/a, not applicable. 
Year CXRT CXRT+R115777 RTOG 98-12      % alive (95% CI) Cumulative deaths Number at risk % alive (95% CI) Cumulative deaths Number at risk % alive (95% CI) Cumulative deaths Number at risk. 
Overall survival comparisons. 
Notes: Treatment comparisons vs historical control (one-sided log-rank test; RTOG 0020 testing better than RTOG 98-12 testing): CXRT vs RTOG 98-12, P = 0.1496; CXRT+R115777 vs RTOG 98-12, P > 0.99. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; CXRT, concurrent radiation with gemcitabine and paclitaxel; R115777, farnesyl transferase inhibitor; MST, median survival time; mos, months; RTOG 0020 and 98-12, Radiation Therapy Oncology Group studies 0020 and 98-12. 
Covariate Adjusted hazard ratio a 95% CI P -value b. 
Multivariate analyses of overall survival. 
Notes:. 
Hazard ratio: an HR > 1 indicates an increased risk for the second level of the variable;. 
P -value from Cox proportional hazards model;. 
one-sided test per statistical design, testing RTOG 0020 better than RTOG 98-12. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; CXRT, concurrent radiation with gemcitabine and paclitaxel; R115777, farnesyl transferase inhibitor; RTOG 0020 and 98-12, Radiation Therapy Oncology Group studies 0020 and 98-12. 
Category CXRT (n = 91) grade CXRT+R115777 (n = 94) grade     1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5. 
Chemotherapy, inhibitor, and acute radiation toxicity. 
Note: Toxicities were graded with CTC version 2.0. 
Abbreviations: CTC, common toxicity criteria; CXRT, concurrent radiation with gemcitabine and paclitaxel; R115777, farnesyl transferase inhibitor; GI, gastrointestinal. 
CXRT (n = 80) grade CXRT+R115777 (n = 78) grade     1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5. 
Late radiotherapy toxicity (online). 
Note: Toxicities were graded with RTOG/EORTC late toxicity criteria. 
Abbreviations: CXRT, concurrent radiation with gemcitabine and paclitaxel; R115777, farnesyl transferase inhibitor; EORTC, European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer; RTOG, Radiation Therapy Oncology Group. 
Up-regulated genes Entrez Gene HOS/143B (Log2) p-value Function. 
Top 10 up-regulated genes in HOS/143B model. 
Up-regulated genes Entrez Gene SaOS-2/LM7 (Log2) p-value Function. 
Top 10 up-regulated genes in SaOS-2/LM7 model. 
Gene Symbol Accession # HOS/143B p-value Unique Peptides Function. 
Top 10 up-regulated glycoproteins in HOS/143B model. 
Gene Symbol Accession # LM7/ SaOS-2 p-value Unique Peptides Function. 
Top 10 up-regulated glycoproteins in SaOS-2/LM7 model. 
Genesymbol UniProt accession # MS/MS analysis Target prediction   MS/MS score Spectra Peptides AA 1 coverage (%) MW 2 (kDa) pI PicTar Target Scan MiRanda. 
AA: amino acid. 
MW: molecular weight. 
Genes Squalene isolated from photo-oxidized SSL Photo-oxidized commercial squalene. 
Commercial squalene or SSL were exposed to UVA+UVB irradiation (dose UVA?=?20 J/cm2 and UVB?=?2 J/cm2). Photo-exposed SSL were subjected to TLC and squalene containing spot was collected as per Materials and Methods . Squalene samples or 0.1% methanol (a vehicle for squalene) were added to NHEK cultures (final concentration - 1 µg/mL) for 3 h. Then, cells were thoroughly washed and RNA was isolated. Gene expression was determined by RT-PCR and results were expressed as a fold of induction versus vehicle. Three independent experiments were carried out and the mean values ±S.D. were calculated. *P<0.05 and †P<0.001. 
GENES TNF ? IL-6 IL-8 CYP1A1 CYP1B1 IL1R1 SYSTEM      . 
NHEK were incubated with photo-oxidized (see Materials and Methods ) linoleic acid or with tert - butyl hydroperoxide (tBOOH) or with their vehicle methyl alcohol (0.02%, control) for 3 hours. Gene expression was determined by real-time PCR and results (fold of gene expression) are espressed as mean values ±S.D. of three independent experiments. *P<0.05, &P<0.01, and #P<0.001 versus control. 
Groups Recipient strain No. of cells transplanted Tumor onset time(days) Cardio-toxin Pre-injury Tumor/recipients. 
Data are compiled for the three sets of experiments described in the text, including primary transplantation using p16p19 ?/?; Kras(G12V) BM cells, secondary transplantation using GFP+ sorted tumor cells, and tertiary intra-muscular injection using MLL-AF9/DsRed leukemia BM cells. Data include source of cells used for transplant, number of cells transplanted, time of tumor onset (days) after initial injection, whether the mice received cardiotoxin pre-injury, and percentage of mice developing tumors among all recipients. 
Sample Genotype Average Read Length Average Read Quality Number of Reads Depth Genome (?120Mb) % reads aligned Genome % reads aligned Transcript % unique aligned Genome % unique aligned Transcript Number Gene Matches Number Transcript Matches. 
Gene Length (bp) Number of samples with somatic SNVs P P BH. 
Expressed genes with significant overall mutation burden in sun-exposed melanoma. 
The numbers are based on samples of melanomas with matched germline DNA ( n = 61). P indicates the uncorrected P value; P BH indicates the Benjamini-Hochberg–corrected P value. The length in bp corresponds to the number of bases in the exome capture region. The P values were derived from testing the observed somatic SNVs against an estimated tumor background mutation frequency. 
Category Percentage with RAC1P29S P. 
Statistical analysis of RAC1 P29S in the Yale tumor cohort. 
The male and female, primary and metastatic and BRAF and NRAS status numbers are based on available annotations for sun-exposed melanomas in the Yale cohort ( n = 217). The other gene frequency numbers are based on a subset of 61 exome- sequenced sun-exposed melanomas having matched germline DNA. WT, wild type. 
  Whole Group (n?=?72) AKT positive (n?=?31) AKT negative (n?=?41) p value MAPK positive (n?=?32) MAPK Negative (n?=?40) p value. 
Patients characteristics and main study results for AKT and MAPK immunohistochemistry in primary colorectal tumours. 
ns = not significant. 
ECOG PS = Eastern cooperative oncology croup performance score. 
mFOLFIRI = modified FOLFIRI (irinotecan 180 mg/sqm d1, 5FU bolus 400 mg/sqm d1, 5FU 2400 mg/sqm continuous infusion for 46 hrs;. 
PR = partial remission;. 
SD = stable disease;. 
PD = progressive disease;. 
m PFS = median progression-free survival;. 
m OS = media overall survival. 
  Mets Group (n?=?37) AKT positive (n?=?23) AKT negative (n?=?14) p value MAPK positive (n?=?20) MAPK Negative (n?=?17) p value. 
Patients characteristics and main study results for AKT and MAPK immunohistochemistry in metastases. 
ns = not significant. 
ECOG PS = Eastern cooperative oncology croup performance score. 
mFOLFIRI = modified FOLFIRI (irinotecan 180 mg/sqm d1, 5FU bolus 400 mg/sqm d1, 5FU 2400 mg/sqm continuous infusion for 46 hrs;. 
PR = partial remission;. 
SD = stable disease;. 
PD = progressive disease;. 
m PFS =?median progression-free survival;. 
m OS = median overall survival. 
  Metastases AKT Positive AKT negative MAPK Positive MAPK Negative. 
Multivariate analysis results for response rate (RR) and progression-free survival (PFS). 
Primary trait    FI (BMI- adjusted)   2hGlu   Primary Trait SNP Chr Position Gene Alleles (effect/ other) Freq effect allele Effect (SE) Global analysis P value Global analysis n I2 estimate ( P value) Effect (SE) Global analysis P value Global analysi s n Effect (SE) Global analysis P value Global analysi s n. 
SNPs associated with fasting glucose, fasting insulin and 2 hour-glucose at genome-wide significance level in Europeans. 
Genome-wide loci for fasting glucose (FG), fasting insulin (FI), FI (adjusted for BMI) and 2hGlu are shown along with results for the other traits aligned to the trait-raising allele for the primary trait. “Non-MAGIC” SNPs (identified in other consortia and selected for the Metabochip to follow-up on other non-MAGIC traits) are indicated in bold. Freq denotes the allele frequency of the primary trait-raising allele. Per allele effect (SE) for FI represents changes of natural-log transformed levels of FI. N represents sample size. Heterogeneity was assessed using the I2 index 86 . The gene shown is the nearest gene to the lead SNP, other than those loci marked with an asterisk. For these loci, the nearest gene is also listed in Supplementary Tables 2a-d . 
Cell lines  a Vessel count P   Vec RBMS3 . 
Values represent mean±standard error. 
Statistically significant as compared to control cells. 
Disease Characteristic NOS2 Low NOS2 High ?2 test TNM Stage n % n % p-value. 
TIMP-1/Marker Spearman's rho p-value  All ER(?) ER(+) All ER(?) ER(+). 
Unadjusted Adjusted * NOS2/pAkt(ser473) Spearman's rho p-value OR 95% CI p-value. 
adjusted for age at diagnosis, ER status and TNM stage. 
Strain Genotype description Reference. 
Gene ID Predicted function. 
Strain Growth rate (mm/day) a Conidiation (×105 spores/plate) Appressoria/germ tube b (%) Lesions/5 cm leaf tip c Appressorium penetration d (%). 
Growth rate and conidiation were measured on complete medium (CM). Mean and standard deviation were calculated with results from three replicates. 
Appressorium formation is expressed as the percentage of germ tubes producing appressorium. 
Lesion formation was examined on infected rice leaves 7 days post-inoculation. 
Means and SD values were calculated from at least three independent experiments. 
Appressorium penetration was assayed on onion epidermis at 48 h after inoculation. 
The same letter indicated there was no significant difference. Different letters were used to mark statistically significant differences (P?=?0.05). 
Database Version/date Pathways Inflammation Genes Format. 
Pathway databases used to extract gene lists. 
Database Version/date Type Edges Graph type. 
Pathway & interactome databases used to identify edges between genes. 
PPIN - protein-protein interaction network derived largely from high-throughput experiments; Mixture – both directed & signed, and undirected edges. 
Gestational diabetes Mellitus (n?=?25) Normal Glucose Tolerance(n?=?25) P. 
BMI: body mass index; ‡OGTT: oral glucose tolerance test; §HbA1c: Glycated hemoglobin. 
Spot No § %Vol Ratio † Protein ID Protein name Mw(kDa) pI Sequence coverage (%) Mascot MS/MS score Functional association Subcellular location. 
Spot No is the unique protein spot number referring to the labels in Figure 1 . 
%Vol Ratio is analyzed by ImageMaster software and calculated by the ratio of relative spot volume of the two groups. 
Gene Symbol Gene Description Fold Change p-value. 
Gene eligible for network function analysis. 
Gene eligible for network function analysis and classified as a cancer-related gene. 
Sensitive Moderately Resistant Completely Resistant (IFNCPE50 a <10 U/ml) (IFNCPE50 10–5000 U/ml) (IFNCPE50>5000 U/ml). 
IFN concentration that elicits a 50% protection against VSV infection based on analysis of cytopathic effects (CPE). 
GO Cluster # IFN+U0126 response compared to single treatments GO Cluster Description. 
?: increased representation, ?: decreased representation, – no change. 
Morphology WT KO WTD KOD. 
Doxorubicin-mediated cardiomyocyte phenotypic modifications. Heart weight and body weight were monitored in WT, WTD, erbB4-KO, and KOD ( n = 20) at 1 and 3 months of age. Hypertrophic growth is indicated by the increase in heart-body-weight ratio in erbB4-KO and KOD compared to WT and WTD. Cell length was determined in isolated cardiomyocytes from hearts of 1 and 3 months of age ( n = 4). The length average was increased in young adult KOD. The average over 129? ? m long was increased in KO, WTD, and KOD compared to WT hearts. Values are means ± SD; Data changes were statistically compared to WT, # P < 0.05; * P < 0.01. 
* P < 0.01, # P < 0.05. 
Gene ErbB4-KO WTD ErbB4-KOD Ratio FDR Ratio FDR Ratio FDR. 
Commonality in set of genes related to hypertrophy and cell cycle. Differentially expressed set of genes verified by real-time RT-PCR. Representative genes associated with hypertrophy, and related to erbB2-dependent hypertrophic signaling, were found significantly upregulated in the three conditions. Cell cycle genes were preferentially downregulated with overexpression of Cdck1a . Data was normalized to glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase ( Gapdh ) expression and to WT. Data are expressed as mean value ratios at FDR < 10 significance, ns: not significant. 
FDR: false discovery rate (%), FDR > 10 = not significant (ns). 
Gene Genebank ErbB4-KO WTD ErbB4-KOD ratio FDR ratio FDR ratio FDR. 
Deregulated expression of growth factor and IGF-I pathway genes. Deregulated expression of growth factor genes underlines erbB4-KOD hearts by the upregulation of Egf, Hb-egf, Ptn , Post and downregulation of Fgf1 and IgfI . Comparative expression of genes related to the IGF-I pathway exhibits an extended downregulation in erbB4-KOD relative to KO hearts. Abbreviations: phosphatidylinositol 3-hydroxi kinase (PI3?-K); murine thymoma viral oncogene homolog 2 serine/threonine protein kinase (Akt2). Statistically significant data correspond to fold change ratios at FDR < 10, ns: not significant. 
FDR: false discovery rate (%), FDR > 10 = not significant (ns). 
Gene Genebank ErbB4-KO WTD ErbB4-KOD ratio FDR ratio FDR ratio FDR. 
Deregulation of ubiquitin-proteasome system genes. Comparative expression levels among the three models. Upregulation of Ubiquitin ligase, associated regulatory genes and deregulation of related proteases are significant in erbB4-KOD. Significant data correspond to fold change ratios at FDR < 10, ns: not significant. 
FDR: false discovery rate (%), FDR > 10 = not significant (ns). 
Gene Locus Protein name Inheritance pattern Description. 
Genes associated with Parkinson's disease linkage. 
AD: autosomal dominant; AR: autosomal recessive. 
Primers used for polymerase chain reaction amplification. 
SYNDROME GENE INVOLVED CLINICAL FEATURES LABORATORY FEATURES. 
Salient features of various ribosomopathies. 
RPS: Ribosomal protein of small subunit; RPL: Ribosomal protein of large subunit; SBDS: Shwachman-Bodian-Diamond syndrome; RMRP: RNase Mitochondroal RNA processing; DKC: Dyskeratosis congenital; CVID: Common Variable Immunodeficiency. 
Function miRs Targets Reference. 
Selected miRs involved in the regulation of vascular endothelial cell function. 
miRs Function Targets Reference. 
Selected miRs involved in the regulation of macrophage/monocyte function. 
Function miRs Targets Reference. 
Selected miRs involved in the regulation of VSMC function. 
     . 
Ten most up- and 10 most down-regulated genes in AGS cells in response to the infection with the different strains of H. pylori. 
*Net signal is obtained by subtracting the raw value from the values obtained in H. pylori -infected AGS cells. NS, Non-infected AGS cells. 
Cell Line Chromosome Number Centromere Fragments Recurrent Structural Chromosomal Changes. 
The karyotype descriptions indicated by '*'are derivatives from analyses previously performed by Silva et al [17] . 
The number of chromosomes and centromere fragments in the cell line panel are derivatives from the analyses of 20 metaphases per cell line examined. 
The braces indicate how often each rearrangement was seen in 20 methaphases. 
Del: deletion; F: fusion; Rb: Robertsonian fusion; T: translocation. 
Composition of the different types of chewing substances[ 10 11 ]. 
Contents of arecanut[ 11 12 ]. 
Epidemiologic studies. 
Psychoactive properties. 
Amount of substance needed for an event. 
? ? Univariate analysis ? ? Recurrence Death ? ? HR 95% CI P HR 95% CI P. 
Clinicopathologic features of the patients included in the gene expression microarray analysis. 
P values correspond to univariate Cox regression analysis. HR hazard ratio. 
TIMP-1 RNA ?0.84 <0.84 P. 
Occurrence of clinical/pathological features in patients with relative TIMP-1 RNA levels of ?0.84 ( n = 38) compared to patients with relative TIMP-1 RNA levels of <0.84 ( n = 138). 
Parameter Hazard ratio 95% CI P value. 
Multivariate analysis for recurrence-free survival using TIMP-1 mRNA levels. 
? ? Univariate analysis ? ? Recurrence Death ? ? HR P HR P. 
Clinicopathologic features of the patients included in the TMA analysis. 
Cytoplasmic TIMP-1 score High (3+) Low (0, 1+, 2+) P. 
Occurrence of clinical/pathological features in patients with high levels of TIMP-1 protein ( n = 94) compared to patients with low levels of TIMP-1 protein ( n = 51). 
Study Specimen type Molecule studied Methodology Sample size ( N ) End points Results P value. 
Articles studied the association between TIMP-1 and prognosis. 
Position* Ref Obs A C G T total used SNP Type Gene ID (ENSRNOG) Name Description cDNA Prot AA change. 
Non-synonymous mutations. 
List of non-synonymous mutations derived from Nimblegen array target sequencing and bounded by the genes Myo1c and Slc6a4 and using the flanking markers D10Rat161 and D10Rat238 [62685555-67091740]. 
*Position location in base pairs (bp) was determined using the Rat Genome Browser Gateway using the Baylor 3.4/ build rn4 ( http://genome.ucsc.edu/cgi-bin/hgGateway?org=rat ). Ref: nucleotide on the ref sequence. Obs: nucleotide recorded from transcripts. A C G T: number of transcripts recorded with a change to the reference. Total: total number of transcripts recorded with a change to the reference. Used: reads that support the change after consideration of read quality. SNP type: defines type of mutation. DNA: position of the base change within the cDNA. prot: position of the amino acid change within the protein. AA change: resultant change of amino acid in the protein. Hom: homozygous. Het: heterozygous. 
Gene ID Gene description Gene Symbol Fold Change       Tax WT Tax S240P Tax D24G. 
Genes upregulated in the total RNA fraction in the presence of wild-type and mutant Tax proteins. 
Gene ID Gene description Gene Symbol Fold Change       Tax WT Tax S240P Tax D247G. 
Genes downregulated in the total RNA fraction in the presence of wild-type and mutant Tax proteins. 
Significant Pathway Tax WT Tax S240P Tax D247G. 
Genes involved in signaling pathways regulated by wild-type and mutant Tax proteins (p?<?0.05)*. 
*Up- or downregulated genes are represented by regular or italic characters, respectively. 
GO ID GO terms P value qFDR. 
Cluster theme Score Nodes Edges Gene symbol. 
Score is defined as the product of the cluster density and the number of proteins in the complex sub graph (DC x |V|). Larger and denser complexes are ranked higher. 
Type 1 Gene Sets Type 2 Gene Sets Type 3 Gene Sets Type 4 Gene Sets. 
Values in parenthesis represent the number of gene sets with genes that are differentially expressed and the number of gene sets with genes that are genetically associated, respectively. Scenario 1 contains data with most different enrichment between data types; scenario 5 contains data with most similar enrichment. 
Single-Task Multi-Task Concatenated. 
Percentage of correct predictions with standard error for the expression data using single-task, multi-task, and concatenated models with varying levels of similarity in the data. 
Single-Task Multi-Task Concatenated. 
Percentage of correct predictions with standard error for the genotype data using single-task, multi-task, and concatenated models with varying levels of similarity in the data. 
Summed Prediction Summed Enrichment Score Merged. 
Percentage of correct predictions with standard error using summed prediction, summed enrichment score, and merged models with varying levels of similarity in the data. 
Single-Task Multi-Task Concatenated. 
Percentage of correct predictions with standard error for the expression data using single-task, multi-task, and concatenated models with varying sample sizes. 
Single-Task Multi-Task Concatenated. 
Percentage of correct predictions with standard error for the genotype data using single-task, multi-task, and concatenated models with varying sample sizes. 
Summed Prediction Summed Enrichment Score Merged. 
Percentage of correct predictions with standard error using summed prediction, summed enrichment score, and merged models with varying sample sizes. 
Average Rank. 
Average rank with standard error in single-task, multi-task, concatenated, summed enrichment score, and merged models for a gene set containing genes that are both differentially expressed and genetically associated with phenotype. 
Single-Task Multi-Task Concatenated. 
Percentage of correct predictions for the breast cancer expression data using single-task, multi-task, and concatenated models. 
Single-Task Multi-Task Concatenated. 
Percentage of correct predictions for the breast cancer genotype data using single-task, multi-task, and concatenated models. 
Summed Prediction Summed Enrichment Score Merged. 
Percentage of correct predictions for the breast cancer data using summed prediction, summed enrichment score, and merged models. 
Multi-Task Common Weight Rank Expression Single-Task Weight Rank Genotype Single-Task Weight Rank. 
Gene sets with the largest multi-task common weights in the breast cancer analysis, along with the ranks of the expression and genotype single-task weights. 
Gene Name Systemic ID Gene Function. 
  Environmental cues Pathways and regulators Reference(s). 
  Target Ligase References. 
Mitotic kinase Target Residues Notes References. 
NR, not reported. 
GEFs GAPs Effectors. 
a Compiled from references 36 , 89 , 90 or from the websites www.phosphosite.org , www.phosida.de and www.cyclebase.org. 
Spot No Protein name NCBI ID No. Abbr nme Mr (kD) pl Sequence Coverage (%) Score Change Fold Thero Ober Thero Ober. 
List of proteins identified by mass spectrometry significantly changed between HCT116 gankyrin ?/? and HCT116 cells. 
Functional clustering Protein name. 
Functional clustering of proteins differentially expressed between HCT116 gankyrin ?/? and HCT116 cells. 
Substance Some data on occurrence, usea References mentioning xenooestrogenic activity References mentioning xenoandrogenic activity References mentioning antiestrogenic activity References mentioning antiandrogenic activity. 
Some xenoestrogens, xenoandrogens, antiestrogens, and antiandrogens. 
aThese data are intended to give some indication, but are far from complete. 
Exposure Study population Relative risk or odds ratio (95% confidence interval) Main strengths Main limitations Reference. 
Some epidemiological studies on breast cancer. 
Exposure Study population SMR, relative risk or odds ratio (95% confidence interval) Main strengths Main limitations Reference. 
Some epidemiological studies on prostate cancer. 
Exposure Study population Relative risk or odds ratio (95% confidence interval) Main strengths Main limitations Reference. 
Some epidemiological studies on non-Hodgkin lymphoma. 
Exposure Study population Relative risk or odds ratio (95% confidence interval)a Main strengths Main limitations Reference. 
Some epidemiological studies on diabetes. 
aOdds ratio's are for diabetes, except when insulin resistance is mentioned. 
bTo calculate the cumulative measure, the category number of each POP (0 assigned to the nondetectable category, and 1 through 5 assigned to successively increasing categories) was added to make the sum of POP levels (SUMPOPs), producing a value of 0–30, which was itself categorized at its 25th, 50th, 75th, and 90th percentiles, making five groups. 
cTo calculate the cumulative measure of three PCDDs, the ranks of the three PCDDs were summed, then divided into quartiles. Cumulative measures were calculated in the same way subclasses similarly for the three PCDFs, the four dioxin-like PCBs, the five nondioxin-like PCBs, and the four organochlorine pesticides. 
Exposure Study population Relative risk or odds ratio (95% confidence interval) Main strengths Main limitations Reference. 
Some cross-sectional epidemiological studies on metabolic syndrome. 
aAn inverted U-shaped association was observed, and the P value for quadratic term is shown. 
bTo yield a cumulative measure of pops belonging to a specific class, such as PCDDs or organochlorine pesticides, the ranks of the individual pops were summed. The summary values were categorised by cut-off points of 25th, 50th, and 75th percentile values. 
cAdjusted for age, sex, race, poverty income ratio, cigarette smoking, serum cotinine, alcohol consumption, and exercise. 
  Distribution Variance Sample Number Proposed Tsai-Chen’s   structure size of sets method method. 
The simulated FWERs of the proposed method and the Tsai-Chen’s method at level ? =0.05. 
                                                                       . 
The simulated powers of the proposed method and the Tsai-Chen’s method at level ? =0.05 for multivariate normally distributed data. 
   . 
Power comparison of the suggested testing strategy based on test statistic (1) and (2) for homoscedastic case and the number of genes = 20. 
    All patients No cART cART/no TFV cART/TFV p-value TFV/NNRTI TFV/PI p-value. 
Demographic and clinical characteristics of the total study population and the four study groups. 
p value for comparison between study groups (significance relates to the group in bold). 
cART = combination antiretroviral therapy; TFV = tenofovir; NNRTI?=?non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor; PI?=?protease inhibitor; eGFR?=?estimated glomerular filtration rate; BMI?=?body mass index. 
    All patients No cART cART/no TFV cART/TFV p-value TFV/NNRTI TFV/PI p-value. 
Levels of total protein, albumin, low-molecular weight proteins in total and in the four study groups. 
p value for comparison between study groups. 
PCR?=?protein-creatinine ratio (urine); ACR?=?albumin-creatinine ratio (urine); RBPCR?=?retinol-binding protein-creatinine ratio (urine); NGALCR?=?neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin-creatinine ratio (urine); CCR?=?cystatin C-creatinine ratio (urine). 
  OR (95?% CI) P-value Adjusted OR (95?% CI) P-value. 
Crude and multivariate-adjusted odds ratios of upper quartile RBPCR. 
RBPCR?=?retinol-binding protein-creatinine ratio (urine);. 
Agents ZL55 SDM104. 
Gene Forward Primer Reverse Primer. 
Caveolin associated molecule CBM sequences and location(aromatic positions emboldened) Experimental mutation of CBM Confirmation of structural integrity of mutant References. 
Caveolin associated molecule CBM location References. 
Caveolin associated molecule SLiMPred score. 
SLiMPred webserver was run on proteins with experimental evidence suggesting the CBM facilitates binding to Cav-1. Predicted SLiM residues (SLiMPred score>0.1) are in bold. SLiMPred scores for non-functional CBM residues are available as supporting data ( Table S2 ). 
Caveolin associated molecule Residue and RSA (%) PDB code. 
Caveolin associated molecule Residue and RSA (%) . 
Predictions are given in ranges spanning 10%. Buried residues (RSA<20%) are in bold font. 
Caveolin associated molecule Residue and ??G (kcal/mol) PDB code. 
Predictions calculated using PoPMuSiC. ??G values for proteins marked with * were determined from homology models (SWISS MODEL repository) and the PDB code given is that of the template (T) used for the model. Mutations predicted as significantly destabilising (??G>2.00 kcal/mol) in bold font. 
Driver Oncogenic Mutation Cell Line Known Oncogenic Alterations. 
Characterization of oncogenic alterations in melanoma cell lines tested for sensitivity to TAK733. 
Legend: 1Tandem mutation where the codon changed from GTG to GAA. 
Group Spasm frequency (n) Spasm latency (min). 
14 rats died from spasm. 
Rank Symbol/Description Accession No. Mr pI Score Pep. Count Fold Change. 
GO Term PValue Genes Fold Enrichment. 
ID Sex Age MRI ACTH treatment Antiepileptic drugs Operation. 
LAM, Lamotrigine; LEV, Levetiracetam; SVP, Sodium Valproate; TOP, Topiramate; CZP, Clonazepam; NZP, Nitrazepam. 
Oligonucleotide or plasmid Sequence (5??3?)a or description (Restriction sites are underlined) Accession no. or reference. 
Flotillin-1 Flotillin-2  Mus Musculus Rattus Norvegicus Pan Troglodytes Bos Taurus Mus Musculus Rattus Norvegicus Pan Troglodytes Bos Taurus. 
# of matches Flotillin-1 promoter Flotillin-2 promoter Transcription factors Homo Sa-piens AB088101 Mus Muscu-lus NC_000083.5 Rattus Norve-gicus NC_005119.2 Pan Troglo-dytes NC_006473.2 Bos Taurus NC_007324.4 Homo Sa-piens NC_000017.10 Mus Muscu-lus NC_000077.5 Rattus Norve-gicus NC_005109.2 Pan Troglo-dytes NC_006484.2 Bos Taurus NC_007317.4. 
Approximately 1000 bp of each genomic sequence upstream of the ATG start codon were analyzed using the “Common TF” software (Genomatix software suite). Only transcription factor binding sites present in flotillin-1 and flotillin-2 sequences of the 5 species mentioned above are included in the table. 
Category p-value In Category from Cluster. 
Primera Systematic Name Sequence. 
aS, sense; AS, antisense. 
Accession ID Gene Gene ID Fold Change P value. 
Accession ID Gene Gene ID Fold Change P value. 
Accession ID Gene Gene ID Fold Change P value. 
Accession ID Gene Gene ID Fold Change P value. 
Drug name Original target Original indication New target New indication References. 
Examples of repositioned drugs, their targets and indications*. 
*Drugs are divided into successful and unsuccessful repositionings. Within successful cases, drugs are further divided according to whether they were approved at their time of repositioning. For each drug, the original target and indication is listed, along with the new target and indication. In many cases, it can be seen that the new indication is still based on the same target protein. CML, chronic myeloid leukemia; GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer. 
Antibody Correlation to Ki67 proliferation index (% cells Ki67 positive). 
Crk protein expression correlates with Ki67 within the basal subtype. 
CrkI/II expression was examined in relation to Ki67 expression within 43 basal tumors using TMA-1. TMA-2 was utilized to examine Crk protein expression (using four different Crk antibodies recognizing CrkI/II, CrkII or CrkL) relative to Ki67 within 29 basal tumors. Kendall's tau non-parametric statistical analysis was used to assess for significance. TMA, tissue microarray. 
In vivo assay Control 1 Control 2 Crk shRNA1 Crk shRNA 2 Controls (Total) Crk shRNA (Total). 
Comparison of 'take rates' between the control 1833TR cells and the Crk shRNA cells from the various in vivo experiments. 
Treatment Mean tumor volume (mm3) Growth rate (mm3/day) Growth inhibition (%) Delay in tumor growth (days). 
Tumor growth ratesa. 
aGrowth rates were calculated as the slopes of growth curves. The volume, percentage of growth inhibition, and delay in tumor growth (days) in tumors from mice injected with pre-miR16-C4HD cells relative to mice injected with pre-miR-CTRL-C4HD cells were calculated at day 28, as described in Methods. * P < 0.01, ** P < 0.001 versus pre-miR-CTRL-C4HD-treated cells. bRelative to pre-miR-CTRL-C4HD-treated cells, P < 0.001. 
Accession # AAs MW (kDa) Description Gene symbols Fold change TamR/Ctrl t-test ( P- values) Relapse free survival analysis (Logrank P ). 
Selected up-regulated proteins in tamoxifen resistant breast cancer cells. 
Accession #AAs MW [kDa] Description Gene symbols Fold Change TamR/Ctrl t-test (p values) Relapse free survival analysis (Logrank P). 
Selected down-regulated proteins in tamoxifen resistant breast cancer cells. 
Data set Institution Array Platform number of array prognosis IHC Ref . 
Summary of 23 data sets. 
Subtype Gene Cox-regression analysis Kaplan-Meier survival analysis COXPH survival analysis     High 25% vs. others High 10% vs. others  High 10% vs. others   P -value n P -value HR(95%CI) P -value HR(95%CI) n P -value P -adjusted n. 
Prognosis of HSP90AA1 and HSP90AB1 in different subtypes of breast cancer. 
Cox-regression survival analysis was performed using gene expression signal as continuing variable. CI, confidence interval; Dss, disease specific survival (death from breast cancer); HR, Hazard Ratio; n: number of samples; os, over-all survival. 
Subtype Event phenotype Kaplan-Meier survival analysis COXPH survival analysis   P -value HR (95%CI) n P -value Co-efficiency P -adjusted n. 
Prognosis of up-regulated HSP90 in different subtypes of breast cancer. 
CI: confidence interval; HR: hazard ratio; n: number of samples. 
Locus Gene Position Variant P value (significance) OR (CI) effect(size) Autoimmune disease association Function. 
A summary of loci associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in one or more genome-wide association studies, a meta-analysis, and replication studies ( P <1. 
Odds ratios (ORs) and confidence intervals (CIs) are noted with the primary function of each locus. The genome-wide association studies from which this table was generated were conducted by aHarley and colleagues [ 95 ] (1,846 systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) women cases and 1,825 controls), bHan and colleagues [ 53 ] (1,047 Han Chinese cases and 1,205 controls), and cKozyrev and colleagues [ 59 ] (279 Swedish SLE cases and 515 controls). The meta-analysis study was conducted by dRamos and colleagues [ 58 ] (939 Caucasian cases and 3,398 controls). The replication studies were conducted by Han and colleagues [ 53 ] (3,152 Han Chinese cases and 7,050 controls), eGateva and colleagues [ 6 ] (1,963 cases and 4,329 controls), and fCunninghame Graham and colleagues [ 69 ] (870 UK SLE cases and 5,551 controls). All loci that have been reported to be associated with other autoimmune diseases - Crohn's disease (CD), celiac disease (CeID), irritable bowel syndrome (IBD), multiple sclerosis (MS), psoriasis (PS), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), type 1 diabetes (T1D), and ulcerative colitis (UC) - are also stated [ 58 ]. 
Insulin resistance   All patients ( n = 61) Low † ( n = 31) High † ( n = 30) P value #. 
Baseline characteristics of the rheumatoid arthritis patients included in the study*. 
* Except where indicated otherwise, values are the mean (95% confidence interval). 
† The median Homeostasis Model Assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) value at baseline was used to assign patients into low (HOMA-IR ? 3.18, n = 31) or high (HOMA-IR > 3.18, n = 30) insulin resistance group. 
# P value for the comparison between low and high insulin resistance groups. 
§ Statistical comparisons were performed using log transformed values. Values represent the geometric mean. 
** According to the Adult Treatment Panel (ATP) III criteria for the definition of the metabolic syndrome. 
DAS28: disease activity score of 28 joints; HAQ: health assessment questionnaire; ESR: erythrocyte sedimentation rate; FBG: fasting blood glucose; QUICKI: Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index; TC: total cholesterol; HDL-C: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; LDL-C: low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; Lpa: lipoprotein a; apo: apolipoprotein; SBP: systolic blood pressure; DBP: diastolic blood pressure; MTX: methotrexate; GC: glucocorticoids. 
Insulin resistance       Low ( n = 31) P value † High ( n = 30) P value. 
Effect of anti-TNF? treatment on clinical and metabolic profile in rheumatoid arthritis RA patients with low and high baseline insulin resistance*. 
Values are the mean (95% confidence interval). 
* The median Homeostasis Model Assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) value at baseline was used to assign patients into low (HOMA-IR ? 3.18, n = 31) or high (HOMA-IR > 3.18, n = 30) insulin resistance group. 
† Paired t -test for comparison of values between baseline and after 12 weeks of anti-TNF treatment. 
# Statistical comparisons were performed using log transformed values. 
DAS28: disease activity score of 28 joints; HAQ: health assessment questionnaire; ESR: erythrocyte sedimentation rate; TC: total cholesterol; HDL-C: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; LDL-C: low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; Lpa: lipoprotein a; apo: apolipoprotein; FBG: fasting blood glucose; QUICKI: Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index. 
Grade 1 Macular or papular rash or erythema but no other associated symptoms ?. 
Parmar et al. modified EGFRI rash grading system [ 31 ]. 
MASCC skin toxicity group proposed rash staging (papulopustular eruption, grading individually for face, scalp, chest, or back). 
? Any grade (%) Grade 3 and 4 (%). 
Dermatologic toxicity reported with single agent EGFR inhibitor therapy. 
Definition of the score items of the WoMoScore. 
Calculation formula for final WoMoScore: WoMoScore = 1/4? A + 1/4? B + 10/3? C . 
Treatment Genes Absent Genes Strongly Expressed Genes Mildly Expressed. 
2.1 Molecular Function        Go ID GO Name Genes Genes Genes % Changed % Present Z Score p Value   Changed Measured in GO    . 
3.1 Molecular Function        Go ID GO Name Genes Genes Genes % Changed % Present Z Score p Value   Changed Measured In GO    . 
GO ID GO Name GO Genes Genes Genes % Changed % Present Z Score p Value   Type Changed Measured in GO    . 
Primers Sequence Product size (bp) Annealing temp (0°C) Genomic position. 
List of primers used in MSP. 
? EBVaGC ( n = 30) EBVnGC ( n = 38) ? 2 P. 
Comparison of clinicopathological data between EBVaGC and EBVnGC patients. 
? n Methylated ( n ) Unmethylated ( n ) ? 2 P. 
Correlation of methylation status of RB gene with clinicopathological data of gastric carcinoma patients. 
n RB expression TGF- ? 1 expression Positive Negative Positive Negative. 
Comparisons of the expression of RB and TGF- ? 1 between EBVaGC and EBVnGC. 
Methylation status Protein expression Total Positive Negative. 
Correlation of methylation status of RB gene with its protein expression. 
n RB TGF- ? 1 Expression ( n ) Absent ( n ) ? 2 P Expression ( n ) Absent ( n ) ? 2 P. 
Correlation of expression of RB an d TGF- ? 1 protein with clinicopathological data of gastric carcinoma patients. 
Actions and molecular mechanisms References. 
Potential molecular mechanisms for anticancer activity of PPAR ? . 
Actions and molecular mechanisms References. 
Potential molecular mechanisms for procarcinogenic activity of PPAR ? . 
Cytosol Nuclei  Standard 1 Proteominer 2 Standard Proteominer. 
Number of peptides, proteins, log 2 H:L ratio means and SD, and z -scores of SILAC-measured HeLa cell proteins . 
1Indicated cellular fraction was trypsinized and directly processed by two-dimensional HPLC/MS . 
2Indicated cellular fraction was incubated with Proteominer ™ beads, eluted, trypsinized, and processed by 2-D HPLC/MS . 
3Total number of H:L peptide pairs for all proteins identified at confidence level ?99% . 
4Total number of proteins identified at confidence level ?99% . 
5Number of proteins analyzed after those identified by only a single peptide, as well as possible contaminants, removed . 
6First value is number of up-regulated proteins outside the indicated confidence level; second number is number of down-regulated proteins outside the indicated confidence level . 
Accession HGNC ID Name Cytoplasm Nucleus     Standard Proteominer  Standard Proteominer    Inf/Mock 1 # Peps z -Score #Peps z -Score Inf/Mock 1 # Peps z -Score # Peps z -Score. 
Significantly affected HeLa cell proteins after reovirus infection . 
1Weighted H:L ratios, scaled to number of measured peptides in each sample, if detected in both Standard and Proteominer samples . 
2Bolding indicates a significant z-score (95% confidence), either >1.960 or <?1.960 . 
3Gene removed from NCBI database . 
Cyto St vs. Cyto PM 1 Nuc St vs. Nuc PM Cyto St vs. Nuc St Cyto PM vs. Nuc PM Biological replicate 2 Technical replicate 2. 
Correlation and overlap between various sample preparation schemes . 
1Cyto, cytosolic fraction; Nuc, nuclear fraction; St, standard 2D-LC/MS; PM, Proteominer . 
2Biological and technical values observed in another study Coombs et al. ( 2010 ); and unpublished . 
Genotype Histotype 1 Local Infiltration 2 Necrosis 3 Survival (Days) p53 4 p53 Localization. 
Tumors were classified according to their morphology as spindle, pleomorphic or round cell sarcomas. In some cases, multiple morphologic phenotypes were present in the same tumor. 
Local Infiltration was rated as follows: 0 ?=? no tumor infiltration; 1 ?=? minimal tumor infiltration in the surrounding muscle; 2 ?=? massive tumor infiltration. 
Necrosis was rated as follows: 0 ?=? no necrosis; 1 ?=? minimal areas of necrosis; 2 ?=? large areas of necrosis. 
p53 staining was rated as follows: 0 ?=? no staining; 1 ?=? faint staining in less than 50% of the cells; 2 ?=? strong staining in less than 50% of the cells; 3 ?=? strong staining in more than 50% of the cells. ND ?=? not done. 
Primers for genotyping and RT-qPCR. 
Physiological measurements. 
Patients ( n ?=?94) Controls ( n ?=?114)  Genotype or Allele Number Frequency Number Frequency OR (95 % CI). 
The allele and genotype frequency and odds ratio (OR) of the p.Ser326Cys polymorphism of the hOGG1 gene in endometrial cancer. 
Patients ( n ?=?94) Controls ( n ?=?114)  Genotype or Allele Number Frequency Number Frequency OR (95 % CI). 
The allele and genotype frequency and odds ratio (OR) of the p.Arg399Gln polymorphism of the XRCC1 gene in endometrial cancer. 
Patients ( n ?=?94) Controls ( n ?=?114)  Genotype or Allele Number Frequency Number Frequency OR (95 % CI). 
The allele and genotype frequency and odds ratio (OR) of the p.Arg194Trp polymorphism of the XRCC1 gene in endometrial cancer. 
Patients ( n ?=?94) Controls ( n ?=?114)  Genotype or Allele Number Frequency Number Frequency OR (95 % CI). 
The distribution of combined genotypes of the of the p.Arg194Trp polymorphism of the XRCC1 gene and p.Lys571Gln polymorphism of the ERCC2 gene in endometrial cancer. 
Patients ( n ?=?94) Controls ( n ?=?114)  Genotype or Allele Number Frequency Number Frequency OR (95 % CI). 
The distribution of combined genotypes of the p.Ser326Cys polymorphism of the hOGG1 gene and p.Arg399Gln polymorphism of the XRCC1 gene in endometrial cancer. 
MS-Status Assessment     Patients   Microsatellite markers MMR deficiency   Author(year) Ref.  Series MSI cancers Mono- nucleotides Di-nucleotides hMLH1 hMSH2 LynchSyndrome Country   n  n (%) n n n n n . 
Tumor specimens passed through xeno-transplantation of PDAC, unspecified whether consecutively collected. 
By genomic DNA analysis for mutations. 
Medullary cancers selected out of 450 randomly chosen PDAC. 
“One patient with positive Bethesda criteria but negative hMLH1 mutational analysis. 
°3 PDAC arising in LS patients added to a series of 100 patients, unspecified whether consecutive. 
Long survivors (?3 years) selected out of 373 PDAC patients. 
Features PDAC(n?=?338)   n (%). 
Including stomach, colon and pancreatic cancer in first degree relatives. 
°Reported as G4 with respect to Tumor Grade. 
Gene/Exon Forward Primer Reverse Primer. 
Days post primary infection Days post reinfection   2 5 7 2 5 7. 
Number of regulated genes in different functional categories with at least 1.5-fold change and a significant t-test of p<0.05 (? upregulated, ? downregulated). 
2 DPI only 2 DPI & 2 DPR 2 DPR only Total upregulated genes 2626 399 752. 
“2DPI only”: specific of 2 days after infection, “2DPR only”: specific of 2 days after reinfection, and “2 DPI & 2DPR”: genes upregulated in both experimental groups. CoV (?1.5-fold change and Student’s t-test p<0.05). 
Gene Expression a  Gene Gene Name Ferret-likeGene ID c Days Post Infection Days Post Reinfection EDGE p value b    2 3 5 7 14 28 2 3 5 7 14 28 . 
Mean gene expression ratios (log2) for selected genes is relative to the mock-infected ferret gene expression at 2 DPI. 
Statistical significance of gene expression differences over time is determined by EDGE analysis as described in the Methods. 
Canis familiaris UniGene Build #11 (April, 2005) identifiers as per the Affymetrix GeneChip Canine Genome 2.0 Array probe library. 
miRNA Expression Target genes Association with CTCF References. 
miRNAs associated with CTCF . 
miRNA Fold change p-value. 
miRNA Fold change p-value. 
N.S.: Non-Significant, N/A: Non-Applicable. 
Clinicopathological Characteristics Features Total (N). 
Thyroid Tissue Number of cases (n) Nuclear Ep-ICD Positive (n) Nuclear Ep-ICD (%) Loss of Membrane EpEx (n) Loss of MembraneEpEx (%) ESLI positive (n) ESLI positivity (n). 
The IHC score cut-off values for positivity were defined as ?2 for nuclear Ep-ICD positivity; ?5 for cytoplasmic Ep-ICD positivity and ?5 for loss of membranous EpEx expression. ESLI cut-off ?6 was used to determine ESLI positivity for distinguishing PTC from benign cases; and a cut-off value of >10 was used to determine ESLI positivity for distinguishing aggressive PTCs from non-aggressive PTCs. 
Group Membranous EpEx(Mean ± SEM) Cytoplasmic Ep-ICD(Mean ± SEM) Nuclear Ep-ICD(Mean ± SEM) ESLI(Mean ± SEM). 
Mann-Whitney test p value for benign vs. PTC: cytoplasmic Ep-ICD p ?=?0.000; nuclear Ep-ICD p ?=?0.002 and ESLI p ?=?0.000. p value for Aggressive vs. Non-aggressive PTC: cytoplasmic Ep-ICD p ?=?0.000; nuclear Ep-ICD p ?=?0.000 and ESLI p ?=?0.000. 
IHC Score Differentiation of groups AUC Sensitivity (%) Specificity (%) PPV (%) NPV (%) p Value. 
The IHC score cut-off values for positivity were defined as ?2 for nuclear Ep-ICD positivity; ?5 for cytoplasmic Ep-ICD positivity and ?5 for loss of membranous EpEx expression. ESLI cut-off ?6 was used to determine ESLI positivity for distinguishing PTC from benign cases; and a cut-off value of >10 was used to determine ESLI positivity for distinguishing aggressive PTCs from non-aggressive PTCs. 
miRNA Expression in cancers Expression in neurodegenerative disorders Target genes Reference. 
miRNAs differentially expressed in cancers and neurodegenerative disorders. 
More aggressive CSChigh cells Less aggressive CSClow cells References. 
ATCC: American Tissue Culture Collection; PDAC: Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma; UOD: unpublished own data; NE: not examined; ?: none; +: weak; ++: median; +++: strong; MT: mutated; WT: wild type; Yes: present, but no quantification in relation to the other cell lines available. 
% inhibition  LY294002 Akt inhibitor IV. 
Activities of respiratory complexes I to IV were inhibited by LY294002 (inhibitor of PI3K and mTOR) and Akt inhibitor IV. Values are expressed as % inhibition compared to untreated controls. 
p<0.01 and. 
p<0.005 for n?=?3. 
 . 
Translational toolbox: Conditions and resources that will enable effective orphan disease translational research. 
Strategy Rare disease Computational Technology Drug Reference. 
Examples of computational technologies used for rare disease drug discovery. 
Cell Lines Embryos Transferred Mice Born Chimeras. 
Chimera Generation from Epi-iPSC Lines. 
Transfection No Gcsf Gcsf 24 hr a Gcsf 48 hr b. 
Number of Oct4-GFP+ Colonies Obtained in 2iLif after GCSF Pretreatment. 
Data are mean ± SD from triplicate assays. 
EpiSCs were pretreated in Activin/Fgf2/Gcsf for 24 hr, then switched to 2iLif. 
EpiSCs were pretreated in Activin/Fgf2/Gcsf for 48 hr, then switched to 2iLif. 
Evaluation period Suboptimal response Failure to respond to imatinib. 
Definition of suboptimal response and imatinib therapy failure according to the European LeukemiaNet( 3 ). 
miRNA Gene targets. 
miRNAs predicted to regulate genes linked to MAM-induced DNA damage ( O 6-methylguanosine) in the brains of MAM-treated mice lacking the DNA-repair enzyme O 6-methylguanine methyltransferase (based on data in Figure 3 of Kisby et al., 2011a ) . 
Top MAM-associated KEGG pathways in mouse brain Genes Phenotype miR-1/miR- 133A-regulated in human cancers*. 
Top KEGG pathways in the brains of MAM-treated mice and associated miRNAs in human cancers . 
Top brain KEGG pathways (derived from 443 MAM-modulated genes) and the number of MAM-modulated genes and human diseases associated with each pathway. AD, Alzheimer disease; ALS, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; CC, colon cancer; PD, idiopathic Parkinson’s disease (modified from Kisby et al., 2011a ). The right-hand column shows the biological processes or signaling pathways potentially regulated by the miR-1/miR-133a cluster in human cancers examined by *Nohata et al. ( 2012 ). Additional signaling pathways in Nohata and colleagues’ top 20 included those related to the glutamatergic synapse and axon guidance, both of which are perturbed by MAM . 
Context for Research Focus Significance. 
Interface Between Pharmacogenomics and the Kidney. 
Gene Top Three Applications Level of Evidence Gene Top Three Applications Linking the Gene to: Renal Function Blood Pressure Salt-sensitivity. 
Selected VIP Pharmacogenomics Genes: Renal Function, Blood Pressure and Salt-sensitivity. 
- No evidence; (+) Indirect evidence; + Direct evidence; ++ Strong evidence. 
Catalytic Subunit Regulatory Subunits Substrate Product. 
Catalytic and Regulatory Subunits of PI3Ks and their Lipid Substrates and Products. 
Note that while there are three different types of PIP2 (PI-3,4-P2, PI-3,5-P2 and PI-4,5-P2), there is only one kind of PIP3 headgroup (PI-3,4,5-P3),. 
Model Details Cells /Conditions Studied . 
Selected Mouse Models of PI3K p110? and p110? Signalling and their Principle Phenotypic Findings (Also Reviewed in [ 90 - 92 ]). p110?D910A Mice Harbour a Point Mutation Rendering the Kinase Inactive. 
Model Details Isoforms Studied. 
Murine Models of PI3K Activity in RA. 
Model Details Isoforms Studied. 
Murine Models of PI3K Activity in SLE. 
Model Isoforms Investigated and References. 
Other Autoimmune and Inflammatory Conditions with Preclinical Evidence for PI3K Inhibition as a Potential Treatment. 
Case ID Age Gender Karnofsky Index (%) Tumor localization Surgical removal No. of relapses Survival after surgery (months) SNP-array analyzed. 
Surgical removal: ST- subtotal; T- total. 
Tumors analyzed by gene expression arrays. 
Only patient that remained alive at the moment of closing the study; all other patients had died. 
Gene Name Symbol Cytoband R2. 
Only those genes (n?=?46) which showed a high degree of correlation between CN alterations and RNA levels (R2>0.70; p-value<0.0000005) are shown. 
The IMMP1L (11p13) and the XIST (Xq13.2) genes were not amplified or deleted. 
Setting Patients Primary therapy Other options. 
Abbreviations: HD=high dose; IFN=interferon; IL=interleukin; mTOR=mammalian target of rapamycin; TKI=tyrosine kinase inhibitor; VEGF=vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Based on anaemia, hypercalcaemia, KPS<80%, time from diagnosis to treatment <1 year and high LDH ( Motzer et al , 2002 ); prognostic factors identified in patients receiving first-line VEGF-targeting therapy were: anaemia, hypercalcaemia, KPS <80%, time from diagnosis to treatment <1 year, neutrophilia and thrombocytosis ( Heng et al , 2009 ). 
Author (reference) Number of patients Tissue Biomarker Therapeutic agent Predictive finding. 
Abbreviations: CAF=cytokine and angiogenic factor; CAIX=carbonic anhydrase IX; CEC=circulating endothelial cell; HIF=hypoxia-inducible factor; IFN=interferon; IL=interleukin; LDH=lactate dehydrogenase; PFS=progression-free survival; PLGF=placental growth factor; RR=response rate; SNP=single-nucleotide polymorphism; sVEGFR2=soluble VEGF receptor 2; TIMP=tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase; TRAIL=tumour necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand; ULN=upper limit of normal; VHL=Von Hippel Lindau; VEGF=vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Trial Agent Phase of trial Target accrual Design of trial Tissue being analysed Biomarker. 
Abbreviations: CAIX=carbonic anhydrase IX; CN=cytoreductive nephrectomy; HGF=hepatocyte growth factor; HIF=hypoxia-inducible factor; HTN=hypertension; miRNA=micro RNA; NA=not applicable; PK=pharmacokinetic; PLGF=placental growth factor; VEGF=vascular endothelial growth factor. 
      PAOD Subjects     CMI Subjects PAOD Subjects DM2 with HbA1c ? 6.5 DM2 with HbA1c > 6.5. 
Patient’s characteristics with CMI or PAOD and their characteristics when classified as well-controlled (HbA1c ? 6.5) or poorly-controlled (HbA1c > 6.5) diabetic patients. 
Values are shown as mean ± SD (* p=0.02 vs well control; ** p=<0.0001 vs well control). 
Semaphorins Plexins/Neuropilins Coreceptors. 
List of semaphorins and their receptors. 
Samples Origin Experiments Patient's age Patient's sex Diagnosis Cytogenetics. 
Abbreviations: CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; IGH, immunoglobulin heavy chain gene; IgM, immunoglobulin M; MCL, mantle cell lymphoma; MZL, marginal zone lymphoma; qPCR, quantitative polymerase chain reaction; WB: western-blot; WM, Waldenström's macroglobulinemia; 2D-E, two-dimensional electrophoresis. 
Spot no. a FC b WM vs CLL FC b WM vs MZL Access number c Protein name d Gene e q- value ANOVA f MASCOT score g Sequence cover % g No. of peptides matched g Theoretical pI/MW h Observed pI/MW i Function j. 
Abbreviations: ANOVA, analysis of variance; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; FC, fold change; MW, molecular weight; MZL, marginal zone lymphoma; WM, Waldenström's macroglobulinemia. 
Spot numbers refer to ID spots. 
FC was calculated using Progenesis SameSpots software; negative FC signifying that polypeptide spot is underexpressed in WM samples as compared with CLL or MZL cells, and positive FC signifying that spot is overexpressed in WM cells. 
Accession number in the UniProt database ( http://uniprot.org ). 
Full protein name recommended by the UniProt consortium. 
Gene names according to HUGO Gene Nomenclature. 
q -value from multigroup ANOVA was calculated using Progenesis SameSpots software. 
MASCOT score indicates the confidence of protein identification using the Mascot search engine ( http://www.matrixscience.com ), depending on amino acid sequence coverage (in %) and on number of matched peptides used for identification in the Swiss-Prot database ( http://expasy.org/sprot/ ). 
Theoretical pI and molecular weight obtained from the Mascot database. 
Observed molecular weight and pI calculated by DeCyder version 6.5 software, according to location in the gel. 
Protein function and biological process were assigned in accordance with the Human Protein Reference Database ( http://hprd.org ). 
Case Age Sex WHO/FAB classification Karyotype of neoplasm Karyotype of stromal cells. 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; BM, bone marrow; F, female; FAB, French-American-British; M, male; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; MLD, multilineage dysplasia; RA, refractory anemia; RAEB-2, refractory anemia with excess blast-2; WHO, world health organization. 
50, XY, complex: 50, XY, +Y, der (1) add (1)(p11) add (1)(q32), del (5)(q15q33), add(6)(p23), ?7, add (7)(p22), +del (8)(q24), +11, +13, +14, add(16)(q13), ?17, +mar; AML/MLD: AML with MLD. 
Translocation Prevalence, % Upregulated oncogenes Prognosis. 
Abbreviations: FGFR, fibroblast growth factor receptor; IgH, immunoglobulin heavy chain; MM, multiple myeloma; MMSET, myeloma SET domain protein. 
Data included in the table was obtained from Stewart, et al. 7 and references therein. 
Study t(4;14), % ( N total patients) Treatment PFS t(4;14) patients, mo PFS all patients, mo OS t(4;14) patients, mo OS all patients, mo. 
Abbreviations: ASCT, allogeneic stem cell transplant; Bort, bortezomib; Dex, dexamethasone; HDT, high-dose therapy; Len, lenalidomide; Mel, melphalan; MM, multiple myeloma; mo, months; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; Pred, prednisone; Thal, thalidomide. 
These differences were determined to be statistically significant. 
Reported as time to tumor progression. 
Patients had t(4;14) or t(14;16) translocation. 
OS measured for low-risk group; was not measured for entire population. 
  SKOV-3 OVCAR-3 CaOV3. 
Genes altered by chronic DcR3 exposure by real time RT-PCR array. 
GENE SKOV3 OVCAR3 CAOV3. 
Genes with patterns of altered expression in response to chronic DcR3 that correspond to the alterations in response to platinum as seen in Figure 6. 
Mice Presence of metastases  Groups injected a on day 118 Macrometastasis b   Liver Lung Lymph nodes on day 118. 
mice were injected with 10×106 cells. 
the presence of macrometastases was evaluated by histological analysis. 
P ?=?0.02. Mice injected with MCF7 clones/population expressing Mini5B were grouped and mice injected with clones/cell population not expressing Mini5B were grouped. 
Test Case LDA accuracy (std) # genes(std) # tumor cells(std). 
Simulations of the pathway-centric method and the conventional correlative method were performed for all SOM GI50 nodes and 2000 randomly selected compound chemoactivity profiles. Values represent population averages and, in parentheses, their standard deviations. The average number of tumor cells in the untrimmed cases represent the full complement of NCI60 cells (Currently one cell type is no longer available for analysis), thus their standard deviation is zero. 
Geneset name Description # overlap genes P value. 
The GSEA results for each test compound include; column one: geneset name as it appears in MSigDB, column two: pathway description, column three: number of discriminating genes that are shared in each respective pathway, column four: statistical significance for the occurrence of these overlapping genes for each geneset. Test cases appear in the order presented in the Results. These results are based on analysis of the U133A dataset. 
PDGF+Cre vs. PDGFLog2 Change Gene Symbol Description PC-P IP PC-P Total PC-P TE. 
PDGF+Cre vs. PDGFLog2 Change Gene Symbol Description PC-P IP PC-P Total PC-P RRO. 
EC50 Mitoxantrone (nM) EC50 Docetaxel (nM)  E1A12S GFP E1A12S GFP. 
Data from one representative experiment treated with mitoxantrone for 3 days after transfection with pcDNA plasmids expressing the respective proteins, n?=?3. 
Ad5 Ad12S Ad1102 Ad1104 Ad1108. 
Data are averages ± SD, n?=?3, p<0.001 for all mutants vs Ad5 (t-test). The non-replicating dl 312 and AdGFP control viruses had EC50 values >1×105 ppc. 
Methylated allele primer sequences and optimized annealing temperatures for methylation-specific PCR. 
Abbreviations: F, forward primer; R, reverse primer. 
Patient characteristics (N=20). 
Abbreviations: MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; RCMD, refractory cytopenia with multilineage dysplasia; RAEB, refractory anemia with excess blast; IPSS, international prognostic scoring system; BM, bone marrow; WPSS, WHO classification-based prognostic scoring system. 
Top networks based on IPA analysis. 
Statistically different gene methylation in network 1. 
Abbreviations: RCMD, refractory cytopenia with multilineage dysplasia; RAEB, refractory anemia with excess blast. 
    RT-qPCR Affymetrix THP-1 EOL-1 MV4-11 RS4-11     n?=?9 n?=?206 n?=?3 n?=?3 n?=?3 n?=?3   Name % Mean SEM Mean SEM % Mean SD % Mean SD % Mean SD % Mean SD. 
Protein-tyrosine phosphatase (PTP) gene expression in Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) cells. 
mRNA expression of 92 members of the PTP family was assessed by RT-qPCR analysis in AML patient primary cells (duplicate determinations of the indicated sample number, means in % of 3 housekeeping genes?±?SEM). For comparison, PTP mRNA expression data for AML patient blasts were retrieved from an Affymetrix analysis (means?±?SEM). PTP gene expression was also analyzed by RT-qPCR in four AML cell lines (3 experiments with duplicate determinations, means in % of 3 housekeeping genes?±?SD). The 25% highest values in the respective sample type are highlighted in bold. n.d. – not detectable. Names of PTPs, which fall in this category in at least two different sample types, or only in one sample type, are labeled bold or by underlining, respectively. Classification was taken from Alonso et al. [ 21 ]. 
Characteristics Fresh frozen tissue (%) Paraffin-embedded tissue (%). 
Patient and tumour characteristics. 
Varied number in the different variables is due to missing data. 
  AEG-1 expression in the cytoplasm  . 
AEG-1 cytoplasmic expression in the primary colorectal cancer in relation to biological variables. 
Varied number in the different variables is due to missing data. 
 . 
AEG-1 nuclear expression in the primary colorectal cancer in relation to biological variables. 
Varied number in the different variables is due to missing data. 
Characteristics AEG-1 mRNA expression AEG-1 protein expression in the cytoplasm AEG-1 protein expression in the nucleus. 
AEG-1 mRNA and protein expression in the cytoplasm and nucleus correlated to clinicopathological variables. 
Varied number in the different variables is due to missing data. 
Primer Species Sequence (5?- 3?) TM (°C). 
Primer Sequences. 
Gene name Full name Function Frequency of methylation % (n) Origin of specimen Method Reference. 
Summary of the methylation rate of multiple genes studied in advanced gallbladder cancer. 
JAK-STAT: janus kinase-signal transducer and activator of transcription; MSP: methylation specific PCR; TGF: transforming growth factor; TNF: tumor necrosis factor. 
Luminal A Luminal B Basal-like HER2E. 
Summary of disease subtypes findings highlighting some of the dominant genomic, clinical, and proteomic features. 
Percentages are based on 466 tumor overlap list. 
Study [ref#] No. of patients Markers Disorder. 
Brief summary of novel genetic and epigenetic markers for AML, MDS, and MPN. 
Integrin Expression in ASM Potential ligands Change in expression in asthma (human) Reference. 
Expression of different integrins in ASM, their potential ligands and change in expression in asthma. 
n.d.: not determined. 
ECM/integrin ligands Potential crosstalk with G proteins Disease Reference. 
Expression of ECM proteins/integrin ligands, their potential crosstalk with G proteins and change in expression in disease. 
n.d.: not determined. 
Variable ECP 80 mmHg ECP 300 mmHg P. 
ECP 80 mmHg (n?=?8) ECP 300 mmHg (n?=?7) Cells a BL Fup P e BL Fup P e. 
Cell mass is given as g/L, mean±SD. 
Cell markers are given as ×104 counts/mL, mean±SD. 
hsCRP is given as mg/L, mean±SD. 
LDL and HDL associated cholesterol and total triglycerides (TG) are given as mmol/L, mean ± SD. 
P is the statistical probability that the measurement of BL are similar to Fup. 
Time of analysis N N+/+ N+/? N?/? NNP p-value. 
N?=?Total number. 
NP?=?No PCR product. 
N (%). 
Data obtained with a human Affymetrix ST 1.0 chip. Analysis of gene expression profiling on HeLa cells transfected with siRNA3, harvested 48 h after transfection. 
Genes whose expression level varied by more than 50% (p<0.0001). 
GO Term N. genes % p-value. 
N?=?total number of differentially expressed genes within the GO cathegory. 
%: percent of the total number of differentially expressed genes. 
p-value : calculated on the basis of the enrichment of the category (ie number of genes affected/number of genes in the category). 
Gene Ratio *. 
Real-Time PCR was performed on HeLa control (High-GC) or MYBBP1A -depleted HeLa cells (siRNA1) with the same RNA samples used for microarray experiment. Two biological replicates were used for each condition and the experiment was performed in triplicate; an arbitrary value of 1 was given to the control (CTL). 
Ratio between the expression in down-regulated vs. control (see Methods) cells. 
p?0.01. 
p?0.001 (t test). 
N # Tumor Volume ? +/?SEM * at day?=?18 p-value $. 
Total number of mice in the group. 
volume expressed in cm3. 
SEM?=?Standard Error of the Mean. 
Student's t-test. 
  C-domain ACE-Ang II peptide complex C-domain ACE-BPPb peptide complex. 
Values in parentheses are for the last resolution shell. a R symm = ? h ? i [| I i ( h ) ? <I( h )>|/? h ? i I i ( h )], where I i is the i th measurement and <I(h)> is the weighted mean of all the measurements of I ( h ). b R cryst = ? h|F o ? F c|/ ? hF o, where F o and F c are observed and calculated structure factor amplitudes of reflection h , respectively. C R free is equal to R cryst for a randomly selected 5% subset of reflections. dValues for conformation 1 (Asp1-Arg-Val-Tyr-Ile-His6) and 2 (Arg2-Val-Tyr-Ile-His-Pro7) respectively (with 50% occupancy for each observed peptide). 
  Ang II peptide BPPb peptide Position (peptide) Ligand atom e Interacting atom from the C-domain sACE (and the zinc ion) Distance (Å) Ligand atom f Interacting atom from the C-domain sACE (and the zinc ion) Distance (Å) Ligand atom Interacting atom from the C-domain of sACE Distance (Å). 
eAngiotensin II [1–6]. fAngiotensin II [2–7]. 
Enzyme sACE Substrate Inhibitor app K m (µM) K i (µM) SE. 
app K m, apparent or observed K m; SE, standard error. All enzyme activities were completely inhibited by 10 ?M captopril. Ang II was not cleaved by the two human ACEs. 
Ang II peptide BPPb peptide C-domain sACE specific RXPA380 inhibitor 17 C-domain sACE N-domain sACE C-domain sACE N-domain sACE C-domain sACE N-domain sACE. 
The structurally equivalent residues in C-and N-domain of sACE were obtained by structural alignment of the two proteins in CLUSTALW. Remarkably, when the two structures are superimposed, the residues identified by sequence alignment superpose extremely well. All of the C-domain residues involved in Ang II binding are conserved in the N-domain. On the other hand, there are significant sequence differences in the N-domain sACE with those residues involved in C-domain binding to BPPb (a). The complete structure of BPPb bound to C-domain sACE allows the identification of additional binding sites not previously observed with domain specific inhibitor complex structures with C- and N-domains of sACE (b). Specific residues involved in C-domain sACE-RXPA380 binding but are not involved in interactions with the peptides (Ang II or BPPb) (c). 
Gene Phenotype References. 
T cell phenotype and function in PI3K and mTOR pathway gene-targeted mice . 
          12 h 24 h Accession Symbol Name Function* Potency* FC p value FC p value. 
please consult ref. 25 for more details. FC, fold change; n.s., non significant; P, cytoprotector; S, chemosensitizer. 
Sirtuin Classification Molecular mass (kDa) Catalytic activity Localization. 
Animals, tissue, cells or SIRT1 activator Target for SIRT1 Effect for pathophysiology of renal injuries Reference(s). 
Ace, acetylated; TG, transgenic; ?, decreases; ?, increases; ?, inhibits. 
Gene TNF Antisense. 
Days MAP mmHg  Control TNF TNF +LOS. 
Mean arterial pressures for control and experimental groups. No statistically significant differences were observed among mean arterial pressures during 5-day treatment period. 
Parameter Control TNF TNF +LOS. 
Echocardiographic analysis revealed that both left ventricular diastolic (LVD) and systolic (LVS) dimensions were significantly greater in TNF treated animals. TNF treatment also decreased fractional shortening (FS) and increased Tei index when compared to controls. Co treatment of TNF treated rats with losartan prevented these changes . IVSD, intraventricular septal thickness at end diastole; IVSS, intraventricular septal thickness at end systole; PWD, posterior wall thickness at end diastole; PWS, posterior wall thickness at end systole; HR, heart rate. Values are expressed as means ± SEM. 
p<0.05 vs. control;. 
$ p<0.05 vs.TN. 
Gene Description Biological process Major localization Technical approach Reference. 
Proteins associated with lipid rafts in S. cerevisiae . 
Patient 1 Patient 2 Patient 3. 
Clinical benefit with FOLFOX (folinic acid, fluorouracil, oxaliplatin) systemic therapy for 24 weeks with 98% maximal serum CA19-9 reduction and partial metabolic response by EORTC PET criteria. 
Transient clinical benefit with FOLFOX systemic therapy for 10 weeks with maximal serum CA19-9 reduction of 36% and RECIST (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors) reduction of 21% in sum of largest diameters. 
WGS metrics  Patient 1 Patient 2 Patient 3 Normal human pancreas. 
Patient Chr. Location Gene Name Coding event Alteration Sequence Change Effect a. 
Effects were determined using SIFT/Polyphen-2. 
NMD?=?nonsense mediated decay. 
Patient Chromosome CNV a Physical Position (Mb) Patient Chromosome CNV1 Physical Position (Mb). 
Focal gains/losses are defined as CNVs occurring across regions that are <?=?5 Mb. 
Patient Gene ln (fold change) q-value (corrected) Patient Gene ln (fold change) q-value (corrected). 
Selected genes are genes that are reported in COSMIC. 
RNAseq was performed on patients 2 and 3. 
Study Design Dosage (per day) Duration Result. 
Behavioral Effect of AChE Inhibitors in Alzheimer’s Disease. 
CBRSD: CERAD Behavior Rating Scale for Dementia. 
NPI: Neuropsychiatric Inventory. 
PANSS; Positive and Negative Symptoms Scale. 
CMAI: Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory. 
CIBIC-plus: Clinician's Interview-Based Impression of Change Plus Caregiver Input scale. 
NPI-NH: Neuropsychiatric Inventory-Nursing Home. 
Study Design Dosage (per day) Duration Result. 
Behavioral Effect of Memantine in Alzheimer’s Disease. 
NPI: Neuropsychiatric Inventory. 
BGP: Behavioral rating scale for geriatric patients. 
NPI-NH: Neuropsychiatric Inventory-Nursing Home. 
CMAI: Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory. 
Authors Year PMID Organism Summary. 
Genome-Scale Studies of Aging. 
Level of prevention Stage of disease Goal of therapy 64. 
Levels of prevention. 
Sensitivity (%) PPV (%) False positive rate (%) Relative risk or odds ratio. 
Clinically identifiable risk factors for spontaneous preterm birth. 
Abbreviations: FFN, fetal fibronectin; Ob Hx, obstetrical history; sPTB, spontaneous preterm births. 
GA in weeks at screening Cervical length (mm) Percentiles (mm) Mean/median CL (mm) Funnel         ?15 ?20 ?25 ?30 10–20 1 5 10  . 
Frequency of women with short cervix. 
Notes:. 
All were screened by transabdominal ultrasound, followed by TVS only if CL < 30 mm. In all other studies primary transvaginal screening was performed, suggesting greater detection with TVS;. 
low-risk population with sPTB ? 32 weeks of 0.6% (compared to 1.5% in the Heath cohort 15 ). 
Abbreviations: CL, cervical length; sPTB, spontaneous preterm birth; TVS, transvaginal ultrasound. 
Variables Cases Controls P a  N (%) N (%) . 
Two-sided ? 2 test. 
2 subjects were absent of smoking information and 2 subjects were absent of drinking information. 
Including nasal sinuses, parotid and salivary gland. 
Including adenocarcinoma, undifferentiated carcinoma and undetermined cancer. 
SNPs Genotype Controls Overall Cases Adjusted OR P a Oral cavity cases Adjusted OR P a Other cases Adjusted OR P a   N(%) N(%) (95% CI) a  N(%) (95% CI) a  N(%) (95% CI) a . 
Adjusted for age, sex, smoking status and alcohol status. 
Position Peptide sequence M/Z Z Score/E-value. 
The sequences of the peptides obtained after in-gel digestion of eluate after 3O-C12-HSL-3H-biotin affinity chromatography. M/Z - mass over charge ratio; Z – ion charge; lower-case m in the sequences specifies oxidized methionine residue and Ac- designates the N-terminal acetylation. 
Variable Value. 
X-ray data collection and refinement statistics. 
Values in parentheses are for the highest resolution shell (2.35–2.41 Å). One crystal was used for each data set. TLS (translation/libration/screw) parameters, one set for each protomer, were included in the refinement. 
After downregulation/inactivation/antagonism of initiating stimulus Initiating stimulus disease maintenance after down-regulation of initiating stimulus Accompany disease maintenance Experimentally defined as disease-sustaining secondary adaptations Disease regression factors Experimental system Tissue References. 
Summary of published examples of secondary adaptations that are associated with disease maintenance following downregulation of an initiating cancer stimulus. 
MicroRNA Cytoband Start End Copy number value (mean) MicroRNA expression (QRT-PCR) Myeloid cell lines. 
Amp: amplification; Del: deletion. 
Sex  No. (%). 
Trial (author) Phase Protocol Number enrolled Results HR (95% CI) P value PFS OS. 
Trials using Anti-EGFR mABs for chemotherapy-resistant mCRC not selected by KRAS status. 
BSC: best supportive care, PR: partial response, OS: overall survival, PFS: progression-free survival, RR: response rate, and N/A: not applicable. 
Title Condition Biological intervention Drug combo 1st line versus 2nd line versus adjuvant Identifier Comments. 
*NPC-1 is a chimeric immunoglobulin molecule thought to have specific immunoreactivity with colon and pancreas cancer. 
**EMD 525797 humanized monoclonal antibody directed against the human alpha v integrin subunit with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities including inhibition of endothelial cell-cell interactions, endothelial cell-matrix interactions, and integrin-mediated tumor angiogenesis and metastasis in alphavbeta3-expressing tumor cells. 
Trial (author) Phase KRAS Protocol Number enrolled Results HR (95% CI) P value PFS OS. 
Trials using Anti-EGFR mABs as monotherapy for chemoresistant mCRC selected by KRAS status. 
BSC: best supportive care, WT: wild type, MUT: mutated, and NR: not reported. 
Trial (author) Phase KRAS Protocol Number enrolled Results HR (95% CI) P value PFS OS. 
Trials using Anti-EGFR mABs with chemotherapy in chemoresistant mCRC selected by KRAS status. 
WT: wild type, MUT: mutated, PFS: progression free survival, and OS: overall survival. 
Trial (author) Phase KRAS Protocol Number enrolled Results HR (95% CI) P value PFS OS. 
Anti-EGFR mAbs monotherapy or in combination with chemotherapy for therapy naïve mCRC selected by KRAS. 
WT: wild type, MUT: mutated, PFS: progression free survival, OS: overall survival, and NR: not reported. 
Trial (author) Phase Protocol Number enrolled Results HR (95% CI) P value. 
Trials using anti-EGFR mAbs plus bevacizumab in chemotherapy-resistant mCRC not selected by KRAS. 
TTP: time to progression, RR: response rate, OS: overall survival, PR: partial response, and MS: median survival. 
Trial (author) Phase KRAS Protocol Number enrolled Results HR (95% CI) P value PFS OS. 
Trials using anti-EGFR mAbs plus bevacizumab in chemotherapy naïve mCRC selected by KRAS. 
WT: wild type, MUT: mutated, PFS: progression free survival, OS: overall survival, and NR: not reported. 
Trial (author) Phase Protocol Number enrolled Results HR (95% CI) P value PFS OS. 
Trials using anti-EGFR MAbs with other targeted therapies in chemotherapy-resistant mCRC in KRAS WT patients. 
WT: wild type, PFS: progression free survival, OS: overall survival, NR: not reported. 
Trial (first author) Phase Protocol Number enrolled Results HR (95% CI) P value. 
Clinical trials of cetuximab in stage III colon cancer. 
DFS: disease-free survival, OS: overall survival. 
Trial (first author) KRAS Protocol Grade of rash Results HR (95% CI) P value PFS OS. 
The relationship between the development of rash and clinical outcome when using anti-EGFR mAbs in mCRC. 
WT: wild type, MUT: mutated, PFS: progression-free survival, and OS: overall survival. 
Agent Molecular properties Approved status Company. 
Summary of EGFR TKIs for NSCLC. 
EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; NSCLC: non-small cell lung cancer; TKIs: tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
Agent Molecular properties Approved status Company. 
Summary of ALK inhibitors for NSCLC. 
ALK: anaplastic lymphoma kinase; EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; NSCLC: non-small cell lung cancer. 
Author Description Drug Patients (No. of patients) End point Results. 
The clinical trials in selected patients carrying EGFR mutation. 
DCR: disease control rate; EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; OS: overall survival; PFS: progression free survival; PS: performance score; PR: partial response; RR: response rate. 
Author Prescription Drug and study design Selection of patients End point Results. 
The clinical trials in selected patients carrying wild type EGFR. 
DCR: disease control rate; EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; HR: hazard ratio; OS: overall survival; PFS: progression free survival; PR: partial response; RR: response rate. 
Pre-incubation Time/Sample 3 h 6 h 12 h 18 h  Rescue Rates %. 
The protective effect of ?-T against hydrogen peroxide-induced PC12 cell death depends on the time of pre-incubation (rescue rates of ?-T, %). 
the protective effect of ?-T is significant, p < 0.05;. 
the differences are significant as compared to the effect of ?-T in all lower concentrations (for the same time of pre-incubation) according to one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey’s multiple comparison test, x p < 0.02, # p < 0.05. 
Sample Rescue Rates of ?-T, %. 
The table shows that the protective effect of ?-T against H2O2-induced PC12 cell death is diminished or abolished in the presence of inhibitors of PKC, MEK 1/2 and PI 3-kinase if pre-incubation time with ?-T is 18 h prior to PC12 cell exposure to 0.2 mM H2O2 for 24 h. Pre-incubation of PC12 cells with protein kinase inhibitors was performed for 0.5 h before addition of ?-T to the incubation medium. 
The data are expressed as rescue rates of ?-T, %. The data are means ± SEM from 4 to 6 experiments. The cell viability was assessed by the LDH method. In this table:. 
the protective effect of ?-T is significant, p < 0.05;. 
the differences are significant as compared to the effect of ?-T in the absence of inhibitors by paired Student’s t test; x p < 0.02; # p < 0.05. 
Human CFS Location Frequency Associated genes CACG. 
CACGs and molecularly mapped CFSs involved in cancer. 
BAC clone Location on chromosome 10 (Mb) Proximal to FRA10F Supposed breakpoint Inside FRA10F Distal to FRA10F. 
List of 13 BAC clones used for mapping of the proximal boarder of FRA10F. 
Notes: BAC clones from 10q26.13–26.2 spanning 8 Mb were selected from the UCSC database ( http://genome.ucsc.edu ). The frequency of FRA10F in one individual was 4 in 500 metaphase spreads (0.8%) compared to 1 in 500 (0.2%) in the second individual. FATS -containing BAC clone RP11-179O22 was hybridized on four different metaphase spreads in FISH analysis, showing that FATS was located once at the breakpoint and three times within FRA10F. Therefore, the location of FRA10F is refined to 10q26.13–q26.2 ( Figure 2 ). 
S/N Age/Sex Clinico pathological features Log 2 ratio fold change ELK1 GTSE1 CDK6 E2F4 DRAM CDH1 SNAI1. 
F:female; M:male; MD:moderately differentiated; PD:poorly differentiated; WD:well differentiated; OD:right eye; OS:left eye; CI:choroidal invasion; ON:optic nerve; ++ : Up-Regulated genes; + : Down-Regulated; - : Negative; NS: Not significant fold change. 
Gene name Sense/Antisense: Sequences. 
Cell cycle/group G0/G1 (%) G2/M (%) S (%). 
Gene classification Gene Description (Homo sapiens, gene, mRNA) Gene symbol Fold change Gene Bank Accession Chromosome location. 
Gene classification Gene Description (Homo sapiens, gene, mRNA) Gene symbol Fold change GeneBank accession Chromosome location. 
Details on genes of interest and reference genes. 
Heat map Symbol Accession Description siScr silGF-IR position number +E2/?E2 +E2/?E2. 
Differential MAPK-related gene expression in uterine leiomyoma (UtLM) cells with scrambled siRNA (siScr) or IFG-IR silencing (siIGF-IR) followed by E2 treatment. 
Plasmid Description Source/Reference. 
Cell type Bioactions in vitro LXA4, LXA4-analogs and aspirin-triggered lipoxins (ATLs). 
Lipoxin induced bioactions. 
Cell type Bioactions in vitro Resolvin E1. 
Resolvin, protectin, and maresin induced bioactions. 
Drug Targeted PCa Stage Mode of Action Developmental Stage Common Adverse Events. 
Novel Targeted Therapies for Treatment of Advanced PCa. 
Total TERE1 hTERT Characteristic n ?=?83 n [Positive (%)] n [Positive (%)]. 
A total of 83 pathologically proven TCC bladder samples plus 18 healthy bladder samples were obtained at surgery. The expression level of TERE1 and hTERT were measured by IHC. The TNM classification of urinary bladder carcinoma was according to the standard of the UICC. 
Clinicopathological features and Immunoreactivity of p16INK4A. 
Values are presented as mean±SD or number (%). 
SqCC: squamous cell carcinoma; AdC: adenocarcinoma; LCC: undifferentiated large cell carcinoma; TNM: tumor-node-metastasis. 
PCR and sequencing primer for CDKN2A , RAR? , and RASSF1A pyrosequencing. 
PCR: polymerase chain reaction. 
Promoter methylation levels of normal tissue and tumor tissue. 
Values are presented as mean±SD. 
Clinicopathological features and the overall average promoter methylation levels. 
Values are presented as mean±SD or number. 
AdC: adenocarcinoma; SqCC: squamous cell carcinoma; LCC: undifferentiated large cell carcinoma; TNM: tumor-node-metastasis. 
Methylation status of promoters according to clinicopathological parameters. 
Values presented as number (%). 
AdC: adenocarcinoma; SqCC: squamous cell carcinoma; LCC: undifferentiated large cell carcinoma; TNM: tumor-node-metastasis. 
The parameters of the ODEs are: ks is the rate of CycB synthesis and is associated with the concentration of Cdk1; kd describes the degradation rate of CycB and the degradation rates of MPF. V25 and Vwee are the activation and inactivation rates of MPF, respectively. Kawee and Kiwee are the rates of Wee1 being activated by a phosphatase (which is not explicitly formulated in our model) and inactivated by MPF, respectively. Ka25 and Ki25 are the rates of Cdc25 being activated by MPF and inactivated by a phosphatase, respectively. Ja25 and Jiwee are the Michaelis constants of MPF for Cdc25 and Wee1, and Ji25 and Jawee are the Michaelis constants of a phosphatase for Cdc25 and Wee1, respectively. 
Cell Length (µm) Cell Length (µm) Strain Number Strain Name Mutated Protein Residue Change 25°C 30°C     Mean Stdev Mean Stdev. 
Amino acid change Target Protein Impact Type a ??G (Cdk1/CycB) b ??G (MPF) c Maximum ??G (kcal/mol) d CSpi SIF       kd(CycB) e kd (Cdk1) f Jwee+J25 g . 
Each mutation is considered to have mainly functional (F) or structural (F) impact according to their locations in its target protein. 
??G of the mutations in individual Cdk1 or CycB; each of them is an average value considering structures sampled from molecular dynamic simulations. 
??G of the mutations in Cdk1-CycB complex (MPF); each of them is an average value considering structures sampled from molecular dynamic simulations. 
Maximum of ??G considering both complexed and uncomplexed states of the target protein. 
Perturbation on CycB degradation was weighted 0.3 for the degradation of monomeric CycB and weighted 0.7 for the degradation of complexed CycB (MPF). 
Perturbation on Cdk1 degradation was estimated through the degradation of MPF only since the amount of total Cdk1 is constant. 
Perturbation on the interaction between CycB and Cdk1 was estimated through Jwee and J25 with a weighting 0.9*Jwee+0.1*J25. 
The high ??G is a result of van der Waals clashes when the target residue is mutated to a larger side chain. 
c1 and c2 are the rate and Michaelis constant for RasGDP activation by the Shc-Grb-Sos (ShcGS) complex, respectively; c3 is the rate for RasGTP to be converted to RasGDP; c4 is the rate for RasGTP to convert Raf from an inactive to an active form (Raf*); c5 is the rate for RasGTP to convert Raf* to Raf; c6 is the rate for Raf* to convert Mek from an inactive to an active form (Mek*); c7 is the rate for Mek* to be converted to Mek; c8 and c9 are the rate and Michaelis constant, respectively, for Mek* to convert Erk from an inactive form to an active form (Erk*); c10 and c11 are the rate and Michaelis constants, respectively, for Erk* to be converted to Erk. Finally, c12 is the rate for the ShcGS complex to be inhibited by Erk* (See simulated curves in Figure S3 ). 
Gene Name 1–340 1–50 3–21 Gene Name 1–340 1–50 3–21. 
predicted nuclear kinases. 
NT, not tested. 
Up-regulated proteins Hybrid Score. 
KEGG group clusters were only extracted from the differentially-regulated protein list if at least two proteins were present in each group with a compound probability of p?0.05. To account for both KEGG enrichment (R: Observed expression frequency/Expected expression frequency) and compound probability (p) of clustered proteins, a hybrid score was used. Hybrid score?=?R * ?log10(p). 
miRNA Expression status in CRC (?,?) Predicted target gene Reference. 
Tumor suppressor miRNAs differentially expressed in colorectal cancer compared to normal mucosa and their predicted targets . 
miRNA Expression status in CRC (?,?) Predicted target gene Reference. 
Oncogenic miRNAs differentially expressed in colorectal cancer compared to normal mucosa and their predicted targets . 
Mutation Relative intensity (GTP?S / GDP) Emission spectra     ? max (GDP) ? max (GTP?S). 
The fluorescence emission intensity and ?max of Gtr1 and the mutations were measured as described in Methods. 
The peak intensity measurements in the GTP?S-bound form of each protein were normalized to those measured for the GDP-bound form. Wavelengths of the emission maxima measured are also presented for the GDP- and GTP?S-bound proteins. Data shown in the table are means±SD of two independent measurements. 
BH3 only pro-apoptotic proteins Multi-domain pro-apoptotic Anti-apoptotic proteins. 
BCL-2 family proteins. 
Of the BH3 only proteins, BID, BIM and possibly PUMA are considered apoptosis activators and the others as apoptosis sensitizers. BOK is an apoptosis effector expressed primarily in the ovary. 
Spot Matching protein Accession no. (TIGRa, HarvESTb, UniRef90c) P1/P2 E-pI E-MW T-pI T-MW Parent variety Mutant Fold change P -value MNV (±SD) MNV (±SD). 
Proteins differentially expressed between parent varieties and their respective root hair mutants identified using 2D gel image analysis and mass spectrometry. 
P1, P2 - the number of MS peptides that matched in replicate 1 and 2 of spot identification via LC-MS/MS; E-pI – estimated experimental isoelectric point; E-MW – estimated experimental molecular weight (kDa); T-pI – theoretical isoelectric point; T-MW – theoretical molecular weight (kDa); MNV (±SD) – mean normalised spot volume calculated for three replicates of each sample ± standard deviation; Fold change – calculated for the relation:parent variety vs. mutant; na – protein not identified (no positive hits in the databases). 
Study Status Results NCT identifier. 
Phase 2 trials of erlotinib in colorectal cancer. 
Study Number of enrollment Expected date of completion NCT identifier. 
Phase 3 clinical trials of erlotinib in colorectal cancer. 
Study Status Results NCT identifier. 
Phase 2 clinical trials of Gefitinib in colorectal cancer. 
Study Status Results NCT identifier. 
Phase 2 clinical trials of selumetinib in colorectal cancer. 
Study Status Results NCT identifier. 
Phase 2 clinical trials of sorafenib in colorectal cancer. 
Study Status Results NCT identifier. 
Phase 2 clinical trials of everolimus in colorectal cancer. 
  CM CM only E2T E2T only int CM CM only E2T E2T only int. 
z-scores (first five columns) and numbers of instances (last five columns) of the most enriched transposable elements and classes of TEs for the five possible combinations of the two datasets: CM, E2T, CM only (= CM\ E2T), E2T only (= E2T\ CM) and the intersection of the two datasets. 
In the first part of the table are reported TEs which are enriched (i.e. have a z-score greater than 3) in at least one of the two datasets used for the analysis. In the first five columns we report the z-score for the five possible combinations of the two datasets: CM, E2T, CM only?=?CM\ E2T, E2T only?=?E2T\ CM and the intersection of the two datasets. In the last five columns the absolute number of instances of each enriched TE in each one of the five combinations of the datasets. In the second part of the table we report the same information for the classes of TEs enriched in both the datasets used for the analysis. 
c-KIT immunostaining Variables Category Staining Total P value     Negative a Positive b         n (%) n (%)    . 
Evaluation of histopathological characteristics, clinical data and HPV infection of the patients in relation to c-KIT immunostaining. 
a. Negative: no immunostaining. 
b. Positive: membrane and/or cytoplasm staining. 
No. Reagents Products Constant c i. 
Mechanistic model of the Ras/cAMP/PKA pathway in S. cerevisiae. 
The mechanistic model of the Ras/cAMP/PKA pathway in S. cerevisiae , developed according to the stochastic formulation of chemical kinetics, consists of 39 reactions among 33 molecular species. Each reaction is described by a set of reagents and a set of products, and is characterized by a stochastic constant ( c i , i = 1,…,39), here expressed in arbitrary time units (time?1). The following notation has been used in writing the reactions: ( i ) X + Y represents an interaction between the molecular species X and Y; ( ii ) X-Y describes a molecular complex between species X and Y; ( iii ) Xp denotes the phosphorylated form of species X; ( iv ) the regulatory and catalytic subunits of PKA are indicated by symbols R and C, respectively. Note that the values of the stochastic constants of reactions r 9 and r 10—highlighted with an asterisk in the table—are changed to 3.0×10?2 and 7.0×10?1, respectively, when reactions r 36,…, r 39 are not active, that is, when the negative feedback exerted by PKA on Ira2 is switched off. 
Molecular species Copy number (molecules/cell) Reference. 
Molecular amounts of initial species in the Ras/cAMP/PKA model. 
The molecular amounts of the species initially occurring in the system are expressed as number of molecules per cell. The number of molecules for Ras2, Cdc25, PKA, Pde1, Pde2 and PPA2 were evaluated using the data presented in [ 29 ] (available online at http://yeastgfp.ucsf.edu/ ). The number of molecules for Ira2 and Cyr1 were estimated in [ 16 ] by comparing the fluorescence of yeast cells expressing fusion with eGFP (obtained by http://yeastgfp.ucsf.edu/ ) using Cdc25-eGFP as a standard (300 molecules/cell). The number of molecules for ATP, GTP and GDP were calculated by considering experimental data presented in [ 23 ] and assuming an internal free water volume of about 30 fL [ 16 ], obtained by considering an average cell volume of 45 fL [ 30 , 31 ] and taking into account that part of this volume is occupied by the cell wall and internal structures. Therefore, assuming a concentration of 1mM, for ATP we obtained about 2.4×107 molecules/cell, while for GTP and GDP we estimated 5.0×106 and 1.5×106 molecules/cell, respectively, for yeast cells growing in minimal glucose medium [ 16 ]. Unless otherwise specified, the amounts of GDP, GTP and ATP—highlighted with an asterisk in the table—are kept constant during the execution of simulations. 
Cell Line LamV polarized LamV unpolarized n % polarized Fisher’s exact test. 
Laminin V localization within acinar structures was scored as polarized (exclusively basal) or unpolarized (apical or luminal localization) and statistical significance was calculated using 2×2 contingency tables and Fisher’s Exact test. Data in table is reflective of one of three trials producing similar statistically significant results. 
The results of immunohistochemical staining in epithelial cells. 
RHEB, Ras homolog enriched in brain; HDAC1, histone deacetylase 1; WEE1, WEE1 homolog; SD, standard deviation; FA, fibroadenoma; PT, phyllodes tumor. 
ap-values only for difference between FA and PT. 
The results of immunohistochemical staining in stromal cells. 
RHEB, Ras homolog enriched in brain; HDAC1, histone deacetylase 1; WEE1, WEE1 homolog; SD, standard deviation; FA, fibroadenoma; PT, phyllodes tumor. 
ap-value only for difference between FA and PT. 
Site number Location relative to ATG Consensus sites TTN (4–6)AA. 
consensus sequence of STAT3 (TTMN(4-6)DAA); M?=?A or C; D?=?A, G or T; N?=?any nucleotide. Transcriptional start site was determined by FoxM1 sequence (NM_202002). 
Name p-value # Molecules. 
Data from IPA software (Ingenuity Systems). 
Name p-value Ratio. 
Data from IPA software (Ingenuity Systems). 
RNA segment (protein) AA position wt jin-1 jin-2 jin-3. 
Regulators Histone mark References. 
Regulators of histone H3 phosphorylation. 
ID Description P value. 
Most related pathways affected by MTX + SZZ combination. 
ID Description P value. 
Most related pathways affected by TCM intervention. 
Symptoms Factor 1 Factor 2. 
Two factors obtained in factor analysis after oblique PROMAX rotation*. 
*The data in the table are factor loadings obtained after oblique PROMAX rotation. The factor loading indicates the correlation power of the symptom with the factor. A loading value of more than 0.20 manifests a definite correlation of the symptom with the factor. 
? Pattern change Case no. 
TCM pattern changes after treatment for 24 week treatment. 
ID Description P value. 
Pathways involved in the intersection between TCM cold and hot patterns in RA. 
The 2008 World Health Organization (WHO) Classification of MDS/MPN [ 2 ]. 
Associated with Signaling Dysregulation Associated with Epigenetic Dysregulation Associated with Leukemic Transformation. 
Mutations in Myeloproliferative Neoplasms [ 1 , 11 , 12 ]. 
JAK2V617F. 
JAK2 exon 12. 
MPL. 
LNK. 
CBL. 
NRAS. 
NF1. 
TET2. 
EZH2. 
ASXL1. 
PRC2 members. 
DNMT3A. 
IKZF1. 
RUNX1. 
RB. 
TP53. 
IDH1, -2. 
DNMT3A. 
JAK Kinase Inhibitor Manufacturer Main Targets Clinical Development Phase (MPN) Clinical Activity Toxicity. 
JAK Inhibitors in Clinical Development for MPN [ 89 ]. 
Abbreviations: ET, essential thrombocythemia; FLT3, FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3; JAK, Janus kinase; MF, myelofibrosis; MPN, myeloproliferative neoplasm; PV, polycythemia vera. Adapted with permission from the American Cancer Society. 
COMFORT-I: Hematology Laboratory Values (Worst Grade on Study) [ 103 ]. 
Ruxolitinib, n = 146 BAT, n = 73 Grade 3 % Grade 4 % Grade 3 % Grade 4 %. 
COMFORT-II: Hematology Laboratory Values (Worst Grade on Study) [ 105 ]. 
Data sources and data types Count. 
Data sources and data types for knowledge building on arsenic toxicity. 
Gene symbol Approved name CTD ConceptGen EGP HGNC SNPs3D. 
Genes observed in all the five gene information sources for knowledge building insights on arsenic toxicity to keratinocytes and melanocytes. 
Notes: CTD: Comparative Toxicogenomics Database ( http://ctdbase.org/ ); ConceptGen: ConceptGen database at National Center for Integrative Biomedical Informatics ( http://conceptgen.ncibi.org/ ); EGP: Environmental Genome Project Gene-Oriented Sequence Variation Discovery ( http://egp . gs.washington.edu/); HGNC: Human Genome Organization Gene Nomenclature Committee ( http://www.genenames.org/ ); SNPs3D: Molecular functional effects of non-synonymous SNPs based on structure and sequence analysis ( http://www.snps3d.org/ ). 
Interaction PubMed IDs *. 
Interactions of arsenicals with RAC1 protein and mRNA. 
Notes:. 
Abstract of article can be obtained from www.pubmed.gov . Additional information on arsenic-gene interactions can be obtained from http://ctdbase.org . 
Signature Proliferation Remodeling. 
The Pearson correlation coefficient between the signatures on the first column and the signatures of proliferation and remodeling. 
Library # Transformants # his + # His + and ?-gal +. 
Yeast hybrid screening of acinus-S interacting partner. The C-terminal of CtBP2 was identified as the interaction partner of acinus-S. 
Group number Binocular lens treatment Ipsilateral eye injection (12.5 µl) Contralateral eye injection (12.5 µl) Concentration [µM] ips. eye/contra. eye Time of treatment. 
Injection/ Lens treatment Saline Insulin (0.3 µM) U0126 (50 µM) U0126+insulin (50 µM+0.3 µM) Ly294002 (50 µM) Ly294002+insulin (50 µM+0.3 µM). 
Refractive state (in diopters, D) and ocular dimensions (in mm) on day 4 after the lens and injections treatment. Results are represented as mean±SEM. For all groups n=6. ACD represents anterior chamber depth; LT represents lens thickness; VCD represents vitreous chamber depth; AL represents axial length. 
Pathway type APP and APLP2 pathway relationship APP and APLP2 role Growth of cells expressing APP siRNA or APLP2 siRNA Growth of cells expressing APP siRNA and APLP2 siRNA. 
Phenotypic outcomes of postulated pathways including APP and/or APLP2. 
Denotes reduced cell growth;. 
signifies positively regulates cell growth. 
Codon Frequency of missense mutations in breast cancer (# most frequent in breast cancer); in other tumors (# most frequent) Ten-year mortality rate (/1000) in breast cancer patients, based on (17) Human breast cancer cell lines with endogenous mutation, based on Handbook of p53 Mutations In Cell Lines, v. 1.0 ( http://p53.free.fr/ ) Human mammary epithelial cell characteristics associated with the presence of mutant p53 Knockin mouse models with mutant TP53 expressed in mammary epithelium Mammary carcinomas associated with mutant p53 in mouse models. 
Oncogenic properties of most frequent TP53 missense mutations in breast cancer. 
a280 codon is included as in Figure 1 ; b Increased mortality from total codon 273 changes is due to other 273 variants, albeit very few in number (17). 
Number Sex Age Disease** HBV DNA (copies/mL) Tissue weight (mg) Pool* Samples Sample Pool. 
Clinical characteristics of study participants and their corresponding biological samples. 
* Liver biopsy samples from three to four individuals were pooled into a single specimen for ChIP-on-chip and ChIP-qPCR analyses. 
** CHB, chronic hepatitis B. The serum HBV markers used for diagnosis were: HBsAg(+), HBsAb(?), HBeAg(+), HBeAb(?), and anti-HBc(+). Healthy controls were confirmed as: HBsAg(?), HBsAb(?), HBeAg(?), HBeAb(?), and anti-HBc(?). 
Molecular function Count* p -value** FDR***. 
The top ten molecular functions associated with HBc-immunoprecipitated host promoter sequences. 
* Number of genes associated with the corresponding molecular function. 
** Significance testing value of genes associated with the corresponding molecular function. 
*** False discovery rate of genes associated with the corresponding molecular function, as determined by the Benjamini & Hochberg (1995) testing method. 
Pathway Selection counts* p -value** FDR*** Enrichment score****. 
The top ten pathways associated with HBc-immunoprecipitated host promoter sequences with the highest enrichment scores. 
* Number of genes associated with the corresponding pathway. 
** Enrichment p -value of the corresponding pathway as determined by Fisher’s exact test. 
*** False discovery rate of the corresponding pathway. 
**** Enrichment score value of the corresponding pathway, expressed as -log10( p -value). 
N Reaction Rate Kinetic       constant*. 
Kinetic description of the ERK signaling cascade. 
* Maximal rates, Michaelis and catalytic constants are expressed in [nM/s], [nM], and [s-1], respectively. Total protein concentrations are [MAPK3]total?=?200nM, [MAPK2]total?=?200nM, and [MAPK]total?=?360nM. 
   . 
Ordinary differential equations for the ERK signaling cascade model. 
K’s and ?’s are determined as described in Methods. 
Aurora A or Aurora B inhibitors in the clinical trials. 
AKIs in advanced preclinical development. 
AKIs in early preclinical development and first generation AKIs. 
Pseudogene/gene pair miRNA family   Pseudogene Gene n common (%). 
Pseudogenes deregulated in HD, PD and AD sharing common miRNA binding sites with their parent genes. 
Genes DE in the related disease. 
Parameter class Estimated range Units. 
Ranges considered for six classes of model parameters. 
Processes characterized by parameter classes marked by asterisks are taken to be first-order processes. 
Protein Residue Wolf-Yadlin et al. (2007) VanMeter et al. (2009) Ciaccio et al. (2010). 
Summary of selected temporal phosphoproteomic data. 
Time courses have been measured for many of the serine, threonine and tyrosine (S/T/Y) residues considered in the model presented here. Here, we focus on three studies that applied distinct experimental techniques to measure time courses of phosphorylation for specific S/T/Y sites. In the study of Wolf-Yadlin et al. [ 45 ], the technique of selected reaction monitoring and quantitative mass spectrometry was applied. In the study of VanMeter et al. [ 46 ], the technique of reverse phase protein array was applied. In the study of Ciaccio et al. [ 47 ], the technique of microwestern array was applied. An ‘X’ entry in this table signifies that a time course of phosphorylation for the indicated residue was measured in the indicated study. 
Adverse event Sunitinib [ 37 , 39 ] Sorafenib [ 41 – 45 ] Vandetanib [ 47 – 49 ] Motesanib [ 50 ] Axitinib [ 53 ] Pazopanib [ 55 ] Lenvatinib [ 58 ]. 
Most frequent (all grade) adverse events of tyrosine kinase inhibitors used in thyroid cancer. 
Drug Target Type of study (ref) Histology No. of patients PR (%) SD (%). 
Summary of results of the most important clinical trials conducted in advanced thyroid carcinoma. 
Agent Class. 
Classification of antidesmoplastic agents. 
Disease Organism Nox4 mRNA Nox4 Protein Intervention Effect on disease References. 
Changes in Nox4 mRNA and protein expression and the effect of targeting Nox4 on cardiovascular diseases . 
Vessel-dependent. 
Protein name* UniProt accession number** Role in HIV-1 replication? Reference. 
Unique proteins identified by mass spectrometry in Staufen1-HIV-1 RNPs . 
*Viral proteins are highlighted; **Universal Protein Resource — UniProt database [ http://www.uniprot.org/ ]; *** Not applicable . 
parameter Value reference. 
Parameter values taken from the literature. 
parameter value. 
The baseline values of unknown parameters and estimated parameters. 
Estimated from initial conditions. 
parameter range PRCC value parameter range PRCC value. 
PRCC values for at 5 minutes post infection. 
denotes significant PRCC values ( ). 
Treatment i.p. Injection 1 i.p. Injection 2 # Fish injected. 
Injection schedule for the administration of dopamine agonists used in this study . 
Tissue AURATUS ID Best blast hit Accession Human homolog DA depletion or receptor blockage DA mimic     Accession Gene MPTP?+?aMPT SCH sulpiride SKF LY. 
Genes/ESTs identified as regulated by dopamine, presented as fold-changes . 
ESTs were manually selected based on identical AURATUS GeneIDs and on the basis of differential regulation in opposite directions for MPTP or the antagonists vs. agonists, or in the same direction for MPTP vs. antagonists. All ESTs were identified as being differentially regulated ( q ?<?5%) in all treatments. Only those with BLAST hits (NCBI), obtained with Blast2GO, are shown. Duplicate names may exist in the list, but were not identified by sequence overlap (cap3) and may represent separate genes or individual isoforms. The median “minimum ExpectValue”?=?1.9E?57 and the average “mean similarity”?=?84.8%?±?1%. In the case where a suitable BlastX hit was unavailable, the best BlastN hit is used and is listed in the complete table in the supplemental data (Table A1 in Appendix). SCH, SCH 23390; SKF, SKF 38393; LY, LY 171555 . 
Name Gene set seed Overlapping entities p -Value. 
Sub-network enrichment analysis groupings of genes identified as being regulated by dopamine . 
Tissue AURATUS ID Best blast hit DA depletion or receptor blockage DA mimic Accession    MPTP?+?aMPT SCH 23390 Sulpiride SKF 38393 LY171555 . 
ESTs were manually selected based on identical AURATUS GeneIDs and on the basis of differential regulation in opposite directions for MPTP or the antagonists vs. agonists, or in the same direction for MPTP vs. antagonists . 
All ESTs were identified as being statistically significantly differentially regulated ( q ?<?5%) in all treatments. Only those with BLAST hits (NCBI), obtained with Blast2GO, are shown. In the case where a suitable BlastX hit was unavailable, the best BlastN hit is used. Duplicate names may exist in the list, but were not identified by sequence overlap (cap3) and may represent separate genes or individual isoforms. The median “minimum ExpectValue”?=?1.9E?57 and the average “mean similarity”?=?84.8?±?1% . 
Rat Locus Prioritized by High-Resolution Substitution Mapping of the S/Jr Rat Gene Symbol Affected Molecular Mechanism Genomic Size of the Mapped Location Mapped Location on the Rat Genome (Rat Chromosome Number: From Base Pairs to Base Pairs) Homologous Human Genomic Segment (Human Chromosome Number: From Base Pairs to Base Pairs) Genetic Association to Human Cardiovascular Disease. 
Candidate Blood Pressure–Controlling Genomic Loci Prioritized by High-Resolution Substitution Mapping Studies in the Original Stock of S/Jr Rats. 
All mapped locations on the human genome were obtained by blast searching the human genome assembly with rat genome sequences at http://www.ensembl.org . 
This region is erroneously mapped to rat chromosome 17 in multiple online rat genome databases. The correct location on rat chromosome 1 is obtained from the Celera rat genome assembly. For details, please see Joe et al. 64. 
This is not considered very high-resolution mapping but is mentioned here because of the parallel observation that Nr2f2 is a very highly prioritized gene in a human GWAS. 
 . 
Primer and TaqMan probe sequences for qMSP. 
Experiment Insult 4-HT (20 nM) BrdU-positive cells (%). 
Depletion of SIRT2 mRNAs or treatment with sirtuin inhibitors does not induce senescence of proliferating cells and does not inhibit RAF-induced senescence as determined by 5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine (BrdU) incorporation. 
WI-38hTERT/GFP-RAF-ER cells were treated with the indicated siRNAs or sirtuin inhibitors in the presence or absence of 20 nM 4-HT for 3 days and then with fresh medium for 4 days. Cells treated with siRNAs were incubated with BrdU for 24 hours and cells treated with sirtuin inhibitors for 3 days to determine the percentage of cells able to enter S phase under these conditions. 
  Type-A Type-AB Type-B1 Type-B2 Type-B3 Tca a MT b Total NT c P d P e P f   N?=?2 N?=?19 N?=?4 N?=?14 N?=?11 N?=?8 N?=?2 N?=?60 N?=?11      . 
Distribution of c-Jun, N-ras, Caspase9 and p73 expression in different subtypes of thymic epithelial tumors (TETs) n (%). 
Tcaa: thymic carcinoma. 
MTb: metaplastic thymoma. 
NTc: normal thymic tissue. 
P d: Two-sided Fisher’s exact test for distributions between different histologic subtypes of thymoma. 
P e: Two-sided Fisher’s exact test for distributions between cases and controls. 
P f: Two-sided Pearson’s chi square test for distributions between lower-grade TETs (type-A, AB, B1,MT) and higher-grade TETs (type-B2, B3, Tca). 
    Stage I N?=?21 Stage II N?=?20 Stage III N?=?15 Stage IV N?=?4 Total N?=?60 P a P b P c P d. 
Different expression of c-Jun, N-ras, Caspase9 and p73 in different clinical stages of thymoma n (%). 
P a : Two-sided Fisher’s exact test for distributions between different stages of TETs. 
P b : Two-sided Fisher’s exact test for distributions between stage III + IV and stage I + II of TETs. 
P c : Two-sided Fisher’s exact test for distributions between stage I and stage II of TETs. 
P d : Two-sided Fisher’s exact test for distributions between stage III and stage IV of TETs. 
GO term ID GO term (p-value) Genes up-regulated in parous samples. 
GO biological processes enriched for both up and down regulated genes between parous and nulliparous breast samples. 
Pathways and gene sets enriched by up-regulated genes NES FDR q-val Genes. 
Enriched GSEA pathways and gene sets for both up- and down-regulated genes. ‘NES’ represents normalized enrichment score. 
ABI assay Gene symbol Gene name Log ratio p-value 95% Cl. 
RT-PCR validation results. 
Antibody Species IgG Activate ADCC* Skin reactions. 
Anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies in clinical use. 
*ADCC: antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity. 
Study Year Phase Number of Patients/agent Response (%)/Survival (months). 
Cetuximab in the curative setting. 
CR: complete response, PR: partial response, SD: stable disease, DCR: disease control rate (CR + PR + SD), PFS: progression-free survival, and OS: overall survival; *statistically significant. 
Study Year Phase Number of Patients/agent Response (%)/Survival (months). 
Cetuximab in the palliative setting. 
CR: complete response, PR: partial response, SD: stable disease, DCR: disease control rate (CR + PR + SD), ORR: overall response rate, PFS: progression-free survival, and OS: overall survival; *statistically significant. 
Study Year Phase Agent Number of Patients/agent Response (%)/Survival (months). 
Summary of alternative Anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies. 
CR: complete response, PR: partial response, SD: stable disease, DCR: disease control rate (CR + PR + SD), ORR: overall response rate, PFS: progression-free survival, and OS: overall survival; *statistically significant; **high-dose treatment group. 
    RCC microarray set RCC TMA set. 
Classification of two RCC sets and their clinical characteristics. 
nd: not done due to limited tissue material. 
Gene Name Forward Primer (5'-3') Reverse Primer (5'-3'). 
Primers Used in Quantitative Reverse Transcriptase-Polymerase Chain Reaction analysis. 
Chromosome Cytoband a Start site b End site b Size (Mb) c BAC number Alteration frequency (n=40) Gene number d. 
Chromosome imbalance regions in lung cancer (alteration frequency > 50%). 
a The common alteration regions in both Asian and Caucasian are marked with asterisk (*). 
b The information of cytoband start site and end site nucleotide sequences were from UCSC database (http://genome.ucsc.edu/, build 36 - hg18). 
c The sizes of cytoband were calculated from the start site to the end site nucleotide sequences. 
d The gene number of candidate genes was estimated by “NimbleGen: Transcription_Start_Sites.gff” annotation file (Roche, Palo Alto, CA). The annotation file indicates all transcription initiation sites for build hg18 as reported in the UCSC Genome browser. 
Chromosome Cytoband Start site End site Size (Mb) BAC number ADC a (n=20) SCC a (n=20) Difference in alteration frequency. 
Chromosome imbalance regions with different alteration frequency in relation to tumor subtypes in lung cancer. 
aADC: adenocarcinoma; SCC: squamous cell carcinoma. 
Chromosome Cytoband Start site End site Size (Mb) BAC number Early stage (n=19) Late Stage (n=21) Difference in alteration frequency. 
Chromosome imbalance regions with different alteration frequency in relation to tumor stages in lung cancer. 
Gene name a a-CGH (%) Gene name a a-CGH (%) Gene name a a-CGH (%). 
Candidate genes in lung cancer. 
a The common cancer-related genes in both Asian and Caucasian are labeled with asterisk (*), and the detailed description of all genes is shown in Additional file 5 : Table S4. 
Major Endogenous Oxidants. 
Enzymatic Scavenger of Antioxidant Defense. 
Nonenzymatic Scavenger of Antioxidant Defenses. 
Side effect US and Australia phase 1 29 Japan phase 1 12 China phase 1 13 Phase III ZETA study 22 Meta-analysis with 300 mg dose 14 , 15. 
Side effects associated with vandetanib. 
Effect Vandetanib 22 Placebo 22 Vandetanib 300 mg 20 Vandetanib 100 mg 21. 
Efficacy of vandetanib. 
Title Status Phase. 
Current studies of new agents in the treatment of MTC. 
ECOG performance status Definition Ability to take systemic treatment. 
ECOG performance status. 
Object name Actual n R N Expected Ratio p-value z-score. 
Interactome overconnectivity analysis of serum in ovarian cancer. 
Actual = number of network objects in the activated dataset(s) which interact with the chosen object listed in object name column; n= number of network objects in the activated dataset( i.e. proteomics list); R=number of network objects in the complete database or background list which interact with the chosen object; N= total number of gene-based objects in the complete database or background list; Expected= mean of hypergeometric distribution (n·R/N); Ratio= connectivity ratio (Actual/Expected); z-score= (Actual-Expected)/s.d.(Expected), where s.d. - standard deviation of hypergeometric distribution, p-value= probability to have the given or higher (lower for negative z-score) value of Actual by chance under null hypothesis of no over- or under-connectivity. 
Top 10 GO processes (for 35 proteins) p-value Top 10 canonical maps (for 20 mapped proteins) p-value. 
Distribution of GO processes in glaucomatous optic nerve astrocytes revealed by proteomics. 
Symbol Entrez Gene ID Description p value. 
The highest scored topologically significant proteins from gene expression and proteomics data for androgen-stimulated LNCaP prostate cancer cells. 
The top table contains Entrez Gene IDs, gene symbol, gene names and topological scoring test p-values for top 10 topologically significant proteins identified for overexpressed gene list. The bottom table contains the same information for 10 top topologically significant proteins identified for overexpressed protein list. 
No Network GO Processes Total nodes Seed nodes Pathways p-Value zScore gScore. 
Analyze network' algorithm results for a plasma proteome from a mouse ovarian cancer model. 
An excerpt of AN network list (from MetaCore) constructed from the list of 58 proteins derived from a plasma proteome of a mouse ovarian cancer model. For a complete description of each column refer to network statistics please see "3.2.2. Prioritization of sub-networks". 
m/z value Cancer Normal P value. 
Case 1 Case 2 Case 3 Case 4 Case 5 Case 6 Case 7. 
Cancer type PAK isoform Type of alterations References. 
In some cases PAKs are amplified, while in other cases, the mechanism of overexpression is not known. 100 , 101. 
Process Substrate Sites Isoform References. 
Modified from references 12 and 100 . 
PAK isoform Tissue expression Knockout phenotype. 
First author Year Location Patient and control Method RASSF1A(M/U) b pTNM a (M/U) b Grade(M/U) b      case control ? T1 ? T2 Low-grade High-grade. 
MSP, methylati on specific PCR; QMSP, quantitative methylation specific PCR. pTNM (p, pathologic stage; T, tumor size; N, node status; M, metastatic status) Tumor grade ?1 was defined as low-grade, and tumor grade ?2 was defined as high-grade. 
p, pathologic stage; T, tumor size; N, node status; M, metastatic status;. 
RASSF1A methylated/RASSF1A unmethylated. 
Variables p a OR 95% CI Heterogeneity     X2 P I2. 
Number of comparisons. 
Between group heterogeneity not calculated; only valid with inverse variance method. 
Variables p a OR 95% CI Heterogeneity     X2 P I2. 
Number of comparisons. 
Disease Mouse model Reference. 
Efficacy of sgp130Fc in animal models of human diseases. 
Rank Category Genes Bonferroni - Corrected p - Value FDR. 
Top 10 KEGG pathways associated with 662 miRNA targets theoretically upregulated in AD brains. 
By importing Entrez Gene IDs of 662 miRNA target genes theoretically upregulated in AD brains (GSE16759) into the Functional Annotation tool of DAVID, top 10 most relevant KEGG pathways were identified. They are listed with Category, Genes, Bonferroni-corrected p-value of the modified Fisher’s exact test, and false discovery rate (FDR). 
Tumor stage * RetroArray samples (paired) Additional samples used only forqRT-PCR (unpaired) qRT-PCR total samples. 
Tumor staging according to Grignon [43] . 
HERV group subgroup (n?=?50) patient non-malignant tissue (n?=?13) patient malignant tissue (n?=?13) normal cell line (n?=?1) 2 cancer cell lines (n?=?4) 3. 
Numbers of samples positive for the respective HERV out of 13 paired (malignant and non-malignant) patient samples. Samples were considered positive, when their corresponding signals exceeded the calculated cut-off value as described in Materials & Methods. Incidences are given by absolute numbers of samples and do not represent any quantitative assessment of HERV transcript levels. 
UROtsa cells were used as model system of the normal human urothelium. 
Tumor cell lines under investigation: RT112, T24/83, UMUC-3, HT1197. 
HERV subgroups selected for quantification by qRT-PCR. 
HERV subgroups that represent the urothelium-specific core HERV signature. 
Transcript 1 Location of amplicon(proviral locus) 2 Chrom. localization cloning frequency in non-malignant tissue (%) cloning frequency in malignant tissue (%) Proximity to genes (<100 kb distance) found in tissue,reference. 
aliases according to HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee are in parentheses [90] . 
Chromosomal localization of MOP-PCR amplicons according to the hg18/March 2006 human reference genome sequence as given by the UCSC Genome Browser. 
HERV-Ec8 was mapped within a duplicated genome region, with both HERV-Ec8 sequences displaying only 20 nt differences along 8 kb. Assignment to one or the other locus is therefore not possible due to high sequence similarity. 
Total number of sequenced cDNA clones. 
Abbreviations: no., number; chr, chromosome. 
Species Symbol Identity (%). 
Gene Sequence (5??3?):Forward and Reverse GenBankAccession No. Product Size (bp). 
Characteristics Methylation Array Samples (n?=?22) Independent Sample Set (n?=?13). 
The NB cohort used for genome-wide methylation analysis (Methylation Array Sample Set) as well as the NB cohort used for bisulfite pyrosequencing, mRNA gene expression and DNA copy number variation analyses (Independent Sample Set) are reported in the table. 
Number of features showing non-additive responses in double-ligand studies with KDO, IFN-?, and 8-Br. 
KDO, 2-keto-3-deoxyoctonate; IFN-?, interferon-?; 8-Br, 8-bromoadenosine-3',5'-cyclic monophosphate. 
The potent CREB and NF-?B sites were searched, and their presence or absence is listed. 
CREB, cyclic AMP response element-binding protein; NF-?B, nuclear factor-?B. 
Cell line Origin Cell number (cells/well) Migration factor. 
Compound name Concentration Target / Mode of action References. 
Groups (n=4) LDH (% control). 
Effects of metformin, compound C, and DMSO on lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activity in HUVECs. 
Values are mean ± SD and expressed as the percentage of control from four independent experiments. 
Tumor id Outcome INRG age at diagnosis age at follow up 1p-del MNA 11q-del 17q-gain. 
Patient data. 
NED, no evidence of disease; DOD, dead of disease; L, localized; M, metastatic; m, months. 
1p-del, 1p-deletion; MNA, MYCN amplification; 11q-del, 11q-deletion; neg, negative; pos, positive. 
Gene Method Primer sequence Product (bp) AT °C Primer design. 
Primers used in this study. 
*cg17558126, **cg02589695. 
MSP, Methylation specific PCR; BSP, Bisulfite sequencing PCR; COBRA, Combined bisulfite restriction PCR. 
qRT-PCR, Quantitative real time PCR; AT, Annealing temperature; TD, Touch down. 
      Methylation frequency (beta-value)   Gene ILMNID a Relation to CGI Mean Range. 
Descriptives of the CpG sites from the 27K methylation array. 
ILMNID, Illumina ID; CGI, CpG island. 
a http://www.illumina.com/Documents/products/technotes/technote_cpg_loci_identification.pdf. 
    Rassf2A* Rassf4* Rassf5** Rassf6** Rassf7** Rassf10*. 
Up-regulation of gene expression following treatment with 5-Aza-dC or 5-Aza-dC/TSA. 
Arrows indicate a more than 2 fold up-regulation of gene expression following treatment. 
UD, undetermined - gene transcripts not detected in the PCR amplification. 
*qRT-PCR, **End-point RT-PCR. 
Symbol Chr Product Methylated in cancer Comment. 
Information of the RASSF genes studied in relation to tumorigenesis. 
Chr, chromosome; TSG, tumor suppressor gene; KO, knock out; NSCLS, non-small cell lung cancer; CCRCC, clear cell renal cell carcinoma; LOH, loss of heterozygosity. 
ANTIBODY & EGFR correlation p-value COMPANY DILUTION PRETREATMENT POSITIVE CONTROL. 
List of antibodies. 
PATHOLOGICAL PATIENTS RELATED MARKER VARIABLES NUMBER N?=?80  . 
Pathological variables analysed in this study. 
PROTEIN INTERACTORS EXPERIMENTS PROVENANCE CLUSTER COEFFICIENT. 
EGFR interaction partners obtained by APID. 
The table shows 21 proteins with greater evidence for EIP (EGFR interacting proteins). The cluster coefficient, a graph parameter that indicates the degree of inter-connection of the group of proteins directly interact to a query protein, in our case, EGFR. A cluster coefficient value close to zero indicates that the protein pair is very close, a value away from zero shows that the protein pair is farthest. 
Node 1 Node 2 Combined score Node 1 Node 2 Combined score. 
EGFR scores for the interactors obtained by STRING. 
The table shows all associations in STRING provided with a probabilistic confidence score for EIP and between proteins belongs to this EGFR interactome network. Each node represents a protein which by edges may be interacting with any other. Each score represents a rough estimate of how likely a given association describes a functional linkage between two proteins that is at least as specific as that between an average pair of proteins annotated on the same ‘map’ or ‘pathway’ in KEGG. *Proteins showed by STRING and APID as EIP. 
Age in years  . 
Univariate analysis       Clinical parameter n Median OS (months) p value. 
NS, not significant. 
Univariate analysis       Clinical parameter n Median time to progression (months) p value. 
NS, not significant. 
Univariate analysis Clinical parameter n Median time to progression (months) p value. 
NS, not significant. 
Upregulated genes NCBI Gene ID Name Primer Radio/ chemoresistance References. 
Upregulated or downregulated genes indicate increased or decreased transcript level of each gene in radiatioresistant HEp-2 cells (RR-HEp2 and RR-#6) compared with parental HEp-2 cells. 
Gene ID Pre-Clinical Clinical Implicated Function References. 
Student's t-test statistic was employed such that a deregulation in fold change between infected and control samples showed at least a p-value?0.1. The+or?represents a 1–2 fold change; 2.1–3.0 fold change is represented by++or??while a ?3.1 is annotated as +++. Blank spaces represent a lack of significant signal between infected and control samples. Relative microarray fold changes are highlighted in parenthesis. Pre-clinical time period spans up to and including 110 DPI while clinical represents 130 DPI and EP. 
Rat Hippocampus * Mouse Hippocampus ** miRNA ID Ct in neuronal cell body Total Counts (NGS data) % of Total miRNA counts % of miR-124a-3p counts. 
MiR-124a-3p expression levels are shown for reference purposes. NGS refers to next generation sequencing. 
data from [57] . 
data from [51] . 
- reflects lack of data. 
Biological Process P-value Term in Query Term in Genome % represented. 
The highest biological process that is represented by these miRNA gene targets is synapse organization (bolded). 
  Time to disease recurrence Time to death from disease recurrence Disease-specific survival. 
Abbreviation: PSA=prostate-specific antigen. 
Each clinical parameter, where appropriate, has been correlated with time to disease recurrence, time to death from recurrence, and disease-specific survival ( P -values). 
  HNPC (IQR) CRPC (IQR) P -value ICCC Histoscore units. 
Abbreviation: ICCC=interclass correlation coefficient. 
The median histoscore and interquartile range (IQR) for hormone naive tumours (HNPC) and castrate-resistant tumours (CRPC) and the P -value of these values compared using a Wilcoxon sign rank test. The mean difference in observer scores plus 2 standard deviations is also shown as the number of histoscore units that is defined as a change in protein expression (change). c and n relates to protein cellular location, c=cytoplasm and n=nucleus. P before a protein indicates that the antibody detects phosphorylated protein and the number following the protein represents the site of phosphorylation. 
Protein Time to death from disease recurrence Overall survival. 
Kaplan–Meier survival analysis was performed to investigate if changes in protein expression were linked to time to death from disease recurrence and overall survival. 
Variable UK controls UK cancer Japan controls Japan cancer. 
Abbreviations: CEA=Carcinoembryonic antigen; MIF=macrophage inhibitory factor. 
The number of individuals in each patient group, their age (mean and range) and gender are shown, along with H. pylori status. Serum MIF, DJ-1 and CEA concentrations are presented as the means±s.d. for all patients with/without gastric cancer in the UK and Japanese arms of the study. 
  Wald ? 2 P -value (Japan) Wald ? 2 P -value (UK). 
Abbreviations: CEA=Carcinoembryonic antigen; MIF=macrophage inhibitory factor. 
Gene Set Name (N)1 Number of enriched genes NES FDR q-val. 
1N: number of genes from each gene set in mouse chip. 2) Shadowed rows represent overlapping of underexpressed genes in mouse tumors. 
NES: normalized enrichment score. 
NES>0: enrichment in tumors; NES<0: enrichment in normal skin. 
Gene Set Name (N)1 Analysis Number of enriched genes NES FDR q-val. 
1N: number of genes from each gene set in mouse chip. 
NES: normalized enrichment score. 
NES>0: enrichment in tumors or ES; NES<0: enrichment in normal skin or DiffES. 
*Significant enrichment. 
Strain WT Igf2 +/? Igf2 ?/? p53 +/? Igf2 +/?, p53 +/? Igf2 ?/?, p53 +/? p53 ?/? Igf2 +/?, p53 ?/? Igf2 ?/?, p53 ?/? Total p -Value ? 2-Value. 
Abnormal Mendelian segregation of progeny from a Igf2 +m/?p , p53 +/? inter-cross in 129J. 
Progeny did not segregate according to a normal Mendelian distribution ( p < 0.02, ? 2-test). In contrast, progeny from the 129B6F1 Igf2 +/?, p53 +/? inter-cross had a normal Mendelian distribution. Observed (upper), expected (middle, in brackets) and ? 2 (lower). 
Cross Time-point WT  Igf2 +m/?p p53 +/? Igf2 +m/?p , p53 +/? p53 ?/? Igf2 +m/?p , p53 ?/? Total               p -Value               ? 2-Value   ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . 
Complete perinatal lethality of 129J Igf2 +m/?p female progeny was only observed from females mated with 129J Igf2 +m/?p , p53 +/? males. 
Significant deviation from the normal expected Mendelian ratio of Igf2 +m/?p progeny from WT mothers at P3.5 in both females and males was detected, suggesting an effect of the paternal allele on survival. The Igf2 +m/?p genotyped progeny derived from Igf2 +/?, p53 +/? males were absent at P10 compared to E18.5, although the significance was not detected in the segregation of genotypes in progeny derived from p53 +/? females (†). 
Pearson's correlation HER2(c) p-AKT p-ERK. 
Correlation data from TMA2 on HER2, SPRY2, p-AKT and p-ERK. (HER2(c) = cytoplasmic HER2); range and median of parameters studied. 
Groups No. of cases 12 h 48 h 120 h. 
Comparison of the apoptotic neurons in the sham, control and EPO groups. 
Means compared to the control group, P<0.01. EPO, erythropoietin. 
Groups No. of cases 12 h 48 h 120 h. 
Comparison of the MCP-1+ cells in the sham, control and EPO groups. 
Means compared to the control group, P<0.01. EPO, erythropoietin. 
Groups No. of cases 12 h 48 h 120 h. 
Comparison of the infiltration of CD68+ cells in the sham, control and EPO groups. 
Means compared to the control group, P<0.05. EPO, erythropoietin. 
Groups No. of cases 12 h 48 h 120 h. 
Comparison of the water content in brain tissue in the sham, control and EPO groups. 
Means compared to the control group, P<0.01. EPO, erythropoietin. 
  miRNA in RR cell lines miRNA in RS cell lines. 
Abbreviations: NSCLC=non-small cell lung cancer; RR=radioresistant; RS=radiosensitive; SCLC=small cell lung cancer; SF2=surviving cell fraction at 2?Gy. 
Note, no miRNAs were found to be common among the RS SCLC cell lines. 
Predicted target Cellular processes. 
Age (years old)  . 
#1 The grade of tumor and stages were defined according to the UICC (TMN) classification. 
  MHC Class l PTEN Ki67 ER PgR   Weak Strong 0 1+ 2+ 3+ Low High - + - +. 
Cell line Incubator time (hours) HER2 (MFI) MHC Class I (MFI) clone W6/32 MHC Class I (MFI) clone G42–2.6 siCont siHER2 siCont siHER2 siCont siHER2. 
Abbreviations: MFI, mean florescence intensity; siCont, control siRNA; siHER2, HER2 siRNA; ND, not determined. 
Year Gene Chr Band Approach Phenotype #SNPs Population Primary population(s) Replication population Potential Function of Variants Reference. 
Overview of COPD genes and details of their study of origin. 
Correlation analysis between the different markers and p-Akt. 
Correlation studies were performed using the Pearson's coefficient between the couples (ER?/PI3K, ER?/Src and ER?/mER?) and p-Akt. 
p < 0.001. 
Duolink ER?/Src Test ( p )     0–4 ( N = 79) >4 ( N = 96)       N % N % . 
Distribution of clinical parameters according to groups of ER?/Src expression. 
Clinical parameters (age at diagnosis, tumour size, menopausal status, lymph node involvement, SBR grading and hormonal expression) were analysed for the 175 patients included in the TMA study. Association between clinical characteristics and the level of ER?/Src interaction (cut off at 4 dots/cell) was determined using ? 2 test or Fisher's exact test. 
Duolink ER?/PI3K Test ( p )     0–7 ( N = 125) >7 ( N = 50)       N % N % . 
Distribution of clinical parameters according to groups of ER?/PI3K expression. 
Clinical parameters (age at diagnosis, tumour size, menopausal status, lymph node involvement, SBR grading and hormonal expression) were analysed for the 175 patients included in the TMA study. Association between clinical characteristics and the level of ER?/PI3K interaction (cut off at 7 dots/cell) was determined using ? 2 test or Fisher's exact test. Significant correlations are highlighted in bold characters. 
Variables Hazard Ratio IC95% p -value. 
Multivariate analysis of DFS integrating ER?/Src expression. 
Hazard ratios for high ER?/Src interaction (score: 0–4) relative to low ER?/Src interaction (score: >4) are shown and for lymph node involvement. 
Variables Hazard ratio IC95% p -value. 
Multivariate analysis of DFS integrating ER?/PI3K expression. 
Hazard ratios for high ER?/PI3K interaction (score: 0–7) relative to low ER?/PI3K interaction (score: >7) are shown and for lymph node involvement. 
A: Antibodies for PLA analysis  Antibodies References Species Dilution. 
List of used antibodies. 
Study Accesion No. Platform Samples Stages MYCN. 
Characteristics of the analyzed NB microarray data sets. 
Study Accesion No. Platform Samples Mutation. 
Characteristics of the analyzed PCC microarray data sets. 
Study Accesion No. Samples. 
Characteristics of the datasets used for cluster analysis. 
Asterisks mark studies where references were unavailable. 
Study Number and distribution of samples Gene list. 
Characteristics of gene sets in publications where whole microarray data were unavailable. 
Cancer Hallmark LncRNA Mode of action Reference. 
Number Sex/Age Pathologic diagnosis. 
List of breast cancer patients. 
Transfection Embryos containing migrating cells/Total embryos    0 (day) 1 (day) 3 (days). 
The number of zebrafish embryos with migrating MDA-MB-231 (RFP) cells transfected with let-7a, CCR7 siRNA and scRNA, respectively. 
Transfection Cells in the tail vein/Total injected cells    0 day 1 day 3 day. 
The number of migrated cells per tail vein of zebrafish embryos that had migrating MDA-MB-231 (RFP) cells transfected with let-7a, CCR7 siRNA and scRNA, respectively. 
Approach/Model Characteristics Functional impacts Reference. 
Summary of HCV-regulated ER stress and UPR. 
Physical interaction between HCV NS4B and ATF6?. 
Colocalization of HCV NS4B with ATF6?. 
Induction of ATF6 cleavage. 
Increased transcriptional level of Grp78. 
Downregulation of eIF2? phosphorylation. 
Binding of E2 to PERK. 
Inhibition of PERK activity by E2. 
Downregulation of eIF2? phosphorylation by E2. 
Induction of ATF6 cleavage. 
Alternative spicing of XBP1 mRNA. 
Activations of transcriptional levels of ATF6, Grp78, and caspase 12. 
Activations of the CHOP and Grp78 mRNA levels by HCV E1 and E2. 
Induction of CHOP and Grp78 protein level by HCV E1 and E2. 
Enhancement of alternative splicing of XBP1 mRNA by HCV E1 and E2. 
Induction of PERK phosphorylation by HCV viral RNA transfection. 
Activation of eIF2? phosphorylation by transfection of HCV viral RNA. 
Upregulation of CHOP, ATF4, and Grp78 expressions. 
Induction of ATF6 cleavage by HCV NS4B. 
Induction of alternative splicing of XBP1 mRNA by HCV NS4B. 
Stimulation of ROS and perturbing calcium homeostasis. 
Increased level of Grp78. 
Enhanced level of apoptotic protein, BAX. 
Decreased NF-?B and BCL-xL levels. 
Induction of eIF2? phosphorylation by HCV NS2. 
Upregulation of CHOP and Grp78 mRNA levels by HCV NS2. 
Induction of ATF6, Grp78, and CHOP by transfection of HCV full-length and subgenomic replicons. 
Activation of the three ER stress sensors ATF-6, IRE1, and PERK by chronic HCV infection. 
Induction of Grp78 and ATF4 by chronic HCV infection. 
Activation of the three ER stress sensors ATF-6, IRE1, and PERK by HCV infection. 
Induction of CHOP by HCV infection. 
Activation of the 3 arms of the UPR by HCV infection. 
Upregulation of UPR downstream genes by HCV infection. 
Chronic ER stress and activation of UPR downstream genes in HCV-transgenic mice. 
Induction of alternative splicing of XBP-1 mRNA by HCV infection. 
Activation of ERAD by HCV infection. 
Promotion of ERAD signaling by enhancing expressions of ERAD downstream molecules. 
Approach/Model Characteristics Functional impacts Reference. 
Summary of HCV-activated autophagy. 
Formation of GFP-LC3 punctate structure. 
TEM analysis of autophagic vacuoles. 
Upregulated levels of Beclin and ATG5-ATG12 conjugate. 
Upregulation of LC3B-II. 
No colocalization of accumulated autophagosome with lysosome. 
UPR-mediated autophagic activation. 
Lack of enhanced autophagic degradation. 
Incomplete autophagic process. 
Increased lipidation of LC3B-II. 
Formation of GFP-LC3 punctate structure. 
Requirement of autophagy for initial replication of HCV, but not for the maintenance of existing replicating genome. 
No colocalization of autophagic vacuoles with viral proteins. 
Formation of GFP-LC3 punctate structure. 
No colocalization of autophagic vacuoles with viral proteins. 
Transient association of ATG5 with NS5B and NS4B. 
Colocalization of ATG5 with membranous web. 
TEM analysis of early- and late-stage autophagic vacuoles. 
Colocalization of accumulated autophagosome with lysosome. 
Increased accumulation of LC3B-II by CQ or BAF-A1 treatment. 
Complete autophagic process. 
UPR-mediated autophagic activation. 
Inhibition of HCV growth by knockdown of Beclin and ATG7 in the HCV-infection IHH. 
Enhanced interferon response in the HCV-infected cells knockdown of Beclin and ATG7. 
Activated caspase-dependent apoptosis by knockdown of Beclin and ATG7 in the HCV-infection IHH. 
Induction of autophagy by HCV; NS4B. 
Mapping of HCV NS4B amino acids 1-190 for autophagic activation. 
Requirement of Rab5 and PI3K for autophagic activation. 
Induction of autophagy in HCV replicon cells. 
Impaired autophagic flux in Con1 replicon cells, but not in JFH1 replicon cells. 
Enhanced secretion of immature cathepsin B in Con1 replicon cells. 
Requirement of autophagy for cell survival. 
Suppression of viral RNA replication by knockdown of LC3 and ATG7. 
Colocalization of NS5A, NS5B, and nascent viral RNA with autophagosome. 
Failure of inhibition on autophagy activation by interference with class III-PI3K activity. 
Increased ROS in mitochondria in the HCV-expressing cells. 
Enhanced autophagic response by expression of HCV NS proteins. 
Alteration of antioxidant response by upregulation of antioxidant enzymes in HCV NS proteins-expressing cells. 
Transactivation of Beclin expression by HCV infection. 
HCV-induced autophagy activation is independent of Bcl2-Beclin dissociation. 
Activation of autophagy by HCV in not through inhibition of mTOR activity. 
An inverse correlation between microvesicular steatosis and the level of autophagy. 
Colocalization of autophagic vacuoles with LDs. 
Impaired autophagy causing cholesterol accumulation. 
Interaction of IRGM with ATG proteins. 
Decreased HCV-induced autophagic response by IRGM knockdown. 
Impaired HCV growth by IRGM silencing. 
Occurrence of HCV-induced autophagy earlier than UPR stimulation. 
Activation of autophagy by HCV subgenomic replicon. 
Independence of HCV-induced autophagyof UPR. 
Disturbance of glucose homeostasis by HCV. 
Dysregulation of insulin signaling by HCV. 
Inhibition of HCV-induced autophagy by 3-methyladenine. 
Interaction of Beclin with phosphorylated IRS-1 (Ser312). 
Approach/Model Characteristics Functional impacts Reference. 
Summary of HCV and modulation of apoptosis. 
Inhibition of TNF-?-induced cytotoxicity by HCV core. 
Inhibition of TNF-?-induced DNA fragmentation and the cleavage of PARP by HCV core. 
Interaction of the HCV core protein with the cytoplasmic domain of TNFR1. 
Enhanced TNF-?-induced apoptosis by HCV core. 
Binding of HCV NS5A to p53. 
Suppression of p21/waf1 expression by HCV NS5A. 
Inhibition of p53 -mediated transcriptional transactivation and apoptosis. 
Inhibition of cleavage of procaspase-3 and procaspase-9 by HCV E2. 
Inhibition of cleavage of PARP by HCV E2. 
Interference with TRAIL-mediated apoptosis by HCV E2. 
Induction of the proapoptotic factor CHOP, translocation of BAX to mitochondria, depolarization of mitochondrial membrane, release of cytochrome c, caspase-3 and PARP cleavage by HCV core. 
Induction of ER stress and apoptosis in HCV core transgenic mice. 
Activation of caspases by HCV NS3. 
Interaction of HCV NS3 with caspase 8. 
Colocalization of HCV NS3 with caspase 8. 
Sensitization of cells to Fas-induced apoptosis by HCV NS3. 
Induction of DNA fragmentation by HCV E1. 
Induction of cytotoxicity by HCV E1. 
Inhibition of cell proliferation by HCV E2. 
Induction of DNA fragmentation by HCV E2. 
Activation of caspases by HCV E2. 
Alteration of mitochondrial distribution by HCV NS4A. 
Induction of mitochondria damage by HCV NS4A. 
Activation of caspase 3 by HCV NS4A. 
Induction of mitochondria-mediated apoptosis by expression of HCV replicon. 
Translocation of Bax from cytosol to mitochondria by HCV core. 
Disruption of mitochondrial permeability by HCV core. 
Enhanced release of cytochrome C by HCV core. 
Activation of caspases 9 and 3 by HCV core. 
Interaction of HCV NS3 with p53. 
Impaired complex formation of HCV NS3 with p53 by single-point mutations of NS3 at position 106 from Leu to Ala (L106A). 
Interference with anti-apoptotic activity by L106A mutation on NS3. 
Activation and nuclear translocation activated caspase 3 by HCV infection. 
Enhanced the cleavage of PAPR by HCV infection. 
Accumulation of BAX on mitochondria by HCV infection. 
Induction of DNA fragmentation by HCV infection. 
Activation of TRAIL-mediated apoptosis by HCV infection. 
Induction of DR4 and DR5 mRNA levels by HCV infection. 
Induction of TRAIL-mediated apoptosis by HCV replication. 
Upregulation of DR4 and DR5 mRNA and protein levels by HCV infection. 
HCV-induced DR4 and DR5 upregulation is dependent on MEK1 activation. 
Approach/Model Characteristics Functional impacts Reference. 
Summary of HCV-altered cell cycle progression, DNA damage response, mitogenic signaling, and PI3K pathway. 
Inhibition of p53 and p21 expressions by HCV core. 
Activation of CDK2 activity by HCV core. 
Enhanced RB phosphorylation by HCV core. 
Activation of E2F-1through enhancing DNA binding ability by HCV core. 
Induction of S phase kinase interacting protein 2 by HCV core. 
Inhibition of RB expression by HCV replication. 
Interference with RB expression by HCV NS5B. 
Stimulation of cell proliferation and S phase entry by HCV NS5B. 
Enhanced ubiquitination and degradation of RB by HCV NS5B. 
Critical role of the ubiquitin ligase activity of E6AP for the NS5B-dependent ubiquitination of RB. 
Reduction of HCV viral RNA replication by mutations in the RB-binding motif of NS5B. 
Failure of downregulating RB expression by HCV viruses with mutations in the LxCxD domain. 
Inhibition of HCV viral RNA replication by knockdown of RB. 
Inhibition of mitotic checkpoint by HCV infection and HCV core expression. 
Reduced RB transcription and enhanced E2F-1 and Mad2 expression by HCV infection and HCV core expression. 
Increased chromosomal polyploidy by HCV infection. 
Enhanced chromosomal aberrations and chromosomal breaks by HCV infection. 
Binding of HCV core to NBS1. 
Inhibition of the Mre11/NBS1/Rad50 complex formation by HCV core. 
Inhibition of cell proliferation by HCV infection. 
Decrease in the proportions of cells in G1 and S phases with accumulation of cells in G2/M phase by HCV infection. 
Activation of caspase 3 by HCV infection. 
Interaction of HCV NS3/4A with ATM. 
Delayed dephosphorylation of the phosphorylated ATM and ?-H2AX following ionizing irradiation by HCV NS3/4A. 
Activation of caspases by HCV E2. 
Suppression of HCV viral RNA replication by knockdown of ATM and Chk2. 
Interaction of HCV NS3/4A with ATM. 
Interaction of HCV NS5B with ATM and Chk2. 
Induction of mitochondria-mediated apoptosis by expression of HCV replicon. 
Interaction of NS5A with Grb2 adaptor. 
Inhibition of ERK phosphorylation by NS5A. 
Interaction of NS5A with Grb2. 
Inhibition of ERK phosphorylation by NS5A. 
Inhibition of MAPK-activated transcriptional factor AP1 by NS5A. 
Interference with ERK signaling by NS5A. 
Inhibition of p38MAPK signaling by NS5A. 
Decrease in eIF4A phosphorylation by expression of NS5A. 
Inhibition of cap-dependent translation by NS5A. 
Interaction of TRAF2 by NS5A. 
Activation of JNK by NS5A. 
Interaction of p85 subunit of PI3K by NS5A. 
Interaction of Grb2 by NS5A. 
Enhanced tyrosine phosphorylation of AKT protein kinase by NS5A. 
Inhibition of BAD by NS5A. 
Binding of NS5A to p85 subunit of PI3K. 
Increased AKT phosphorylation by NS5A and HCV replicon RNA. 
KRAS mutations at codons 12 and 13 from RASCAL and RASCAL II studies  Mutation % of specific codon mutations % of all codon 12/13 mutations    Codon 12 RASCAL I [ 18 ] RASCAL II [ 21 ] RASCAL I [ 18 ] RASCAL II [ 21 ]. 
Types of KRAS mutations. 
Agent Class Target Malignancies Other toxicity. 
Cardiotoxicity of ErbB-targeted therapeutics. 
Rate of cardiotoxicity is only known for trastuzumab. Therefore others represent best guesses. mAb, monoclonal antibody; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; CRC, colorectal cancer; NSCLC, non-small-cell-lung cancer. 
Types of PTMs Functions and roles References. 
Diverse functions of post-translational modifications (PTMs) in cancer and in lung cancer. 
Mainly * Phosphoenrichments. 
While titanium dioxide (TiO2) and zirconium oxide (ZrO2) mainly elute monophosphorylated peptides, immobilized metal affinity chromatography (IMAC) chiefly elutes multiphosphorylated peptides. The enrichment process consists of several steps which include: incubation (binding), washing to remove non-specific peptides, and elution of phosopeptides. These steps depend on: the buffer, material of solid support as well as the concentration of the sample. 
: Depending on the following steps: incubation?washing?elution, take into account: buffer?material of solid support ? sample concentration. 
Different phosphoenrichment combinations Binding and eluting with high yield. 
Several combinations of phosphoenrichments (e.g., SCX, SIMAC and Ti4+-IMAC Microspheres) make it possible to obtain complementary data and large scale analysis. 
Cons Pros. 
Critical events during sample preparation prior analyses of phosphorylated proteins via proteomics and mass spectrometry. 
No. Not I-site Gene Locus Event frequency, (%)  Met/Del Met/Del without no info. 
Methylation/deletion frequencies for 35 genes with the highest percent of changes in ovarian cancer. 
Gene Methylation/Deletion frequency, % p -Parameter *  Stages I + II Stages III + IV. 
Methylation/Deletion frequency for eight genes in two groups of samples. 
Note:. 
p -parameter calculated using Fisher’s exact test. 
Use Sets of markers. 
Early detection and discrimination of ovarian cancer groups with different histological characteristics using the set of 10 selected markers. 
Note: Sp, specificity; Sn, sensitivity of the set. p -Parameter shows significance of compared groups distinction, calculated using Fisher exact test and ?2 criteria. 
Gene symbol and location Protein Function Involvment in cancer. 
Annotations for gene markers involved in ovarian cancer and their protein products. 
Note: asterisks (*) indicate these data were obtained from GeneCards web portal [ 102 ]. 
miRNA Potential Target(s) References. 
miRNAs involved in breast cancer migration, invasion and metastasis. 
This table summarizes the reported roles of several tumor suppressor and oncogenic miRNAs. While most of the miRNAs are uniquely tumor suppressive or oncogenic, miR-375 has been reported as both, and is therefore listed in both the categories. 
Strain Gene deletion Genotype Source. 
Strains used in this study. 
Parameter Description Initial value. 
Parameters and initial values of the Wolf model of glycolytic oscillations. 
Simulation set Forward reaction Reverse reaction Amplitude Period   r3k1 r3k2    . 
Results of simulations of the Wolf model upon changing GAPDH levels. 
Measurement ND HFD Xenical AMK    (62.5 mg/kg) (62.5 mg/kg). 
Data are means ± SD (n?=?9). 
P <0.05 and. 
P <0.01 indicates statistically significant differences when compared with control group. 
P <0.05 and. 
P <0.01 indicates statistically significant differences when compared with HFD group. 
ROS CK 20 min 60 min 2 h 4 h 8 h. 
Note: ++ represent for the normal level of superoxide anion and hydrogen peroxide in rice panicle, +++ for the high accumulation, + for the low level. 
Nr Probe set ID Gene symbol Gene name Entrez ID 2Log Fold Change p.value p.value adjusted for multiple testing. 
Nr Probe set ID Gene symbol Gene name Entrez ID 2Log FoldChange p.value p.value adjusted for multiple testing. 
Basal situation RA stimulation KEGG pathway number Name p.value FDR adj.p.value p.value FDR adj. p.value. 
Reference Animal model Total sample size (intervention/ control) Way of CGRP administration CGRP dose Results Adverse events. 
Studies of CGRP administration after experimental SAH in animals. 
Reference Sample size/patient type Study design Way of CGRP administration Dose Primary outcome Results Adverse events. 
Studies of CGRP administration after aneurysmal SAH in humans. 
Metabolic co-factors Enzymes that use the co-factor Epigenetic function. 
Link between metabolism and Epigenetics through metabolic co-factors . 
Data set SeMet SAD Native. 
Values in parentheses are for the highest resolution shell. 
R merge = for the intensity I of i observations of reflection hkl . 
R = , where F obs and F calc are the observed and model structure factors, respectively; R free was calculated using 5% of data that were omitted from refinement. 
Bond and angle deviations are from ideal values; B -factor deviations are between bonded atoms. 
Genotype Induction of diabetes Organ Expression Outcome Ref B1R B2R . 
Compensative expression of the remaining bradykinin receptor and the outcome on diabetic complications in kinin-related mouse models. 
B1R indicates bradykinin B1 receptor; B2R, bradykinin B2 receptor; B1RB2R, both B1R and B2R; TK, tissue kallikrein; STZ, streptozotocin; Akita, Akita diabetic mice; Ref, reference. 
Drug Molecular formula * Molecular mass (Da) * Tissue selectivity CAS number * References. 
*Data from chemBlink ( http://www.chemblink.com ). 
Protein source Leucine Insulin IGF-1. 
Comparison of leucine-insulin-IGF-1-signaling between dairy-derived signaling proteins versus meat-derived structural proteins [ 116 - 118 ]. 
Animal protein [g/y] 1950/51 1974/75 2007/08. 
Annual animal protein-derived per capita leucine intake in Germany. 
TALON McKinsey et al Zeller et al. 
Registries of patients treated with contremporary directional atherectomy. 
aGroup 1 was de novo lesions. 
bGroup 2 was native vessel restenosis. 
cGroup 3 was in-stent restenosis. 
Pathway System Diamondback 360° OAS (CSI). 
Registries of patients treated with rotational and orbital atherectomy. 
aDeath , myocardial infarction , amputation , or repeat revascularization. 
Tumor type Gene alteration(s) Agent used Significance Proposed karyotype Reference. 
Mouse models of human sarcomas. 
Tumor type Gene alteration(s) Agent used Significance Proposed karyotype Reference. 
Additional mouse models of human sarcomas. 
Parameters Role in PanCa Refs. 
The potential mechanisms of diabetes in PanCa. 
IAPP , islet amyloid polypeptide; PanCa , pancreatic cancer. 
Molecules Expression levels Role in PanCa Refs. 
Molecular factors involved in progression in PanCa cells related to diabetes. 
IGF-1 , insulin-like growth factor 1; PanCa , pancreatic cancer. 
Parameters Expression levels Role in PanCa Refs. 
The potential mechanisms of hyperglycemia in PanCa progression. 
EGF , epidermal growth factor; EGFR , epidermal growth factor receptor; GDNF , glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor; MnSOD , manganese superoxide dismutase; NGF , nerve growth factor; PanCa , pancreatic cancer; RAGE , receptor for advanced glycation end products; ROS , reactive oxygen species; uPA , urokinase plasminogen activator. 
Parameters PanCa- related diabetes Type 2 diabetes Refs. 
The potential differentiation between PanCa-associated diabetes and type 2diabetes in the clinic. 
Biomarkers Site Expression levels Role Refs. 
Biomarkers involved in PanCa cancer with diabetes. 
CA , cancer antigen; CEA , carcinoembryonic antigen; DM , diabetes mellitus; IAPP , islet amyloid polypeptide; PanCa , pancreatic cancer. 
Cell line IC 50 (?M) *. 
Inhibitory concentration (IC 50 ) of Antp-TPR peptide of glioma cells. 
* Results are the mean of three independent experiments and each performed in triplicate. 
  rab31 batch rab31 high rab31 medium rab31 low. 
Rab31 overexpression reduces the adhesive capacity of human breast cancer cells in vitro. 
MDA-MB-231 cells were seeded on 96-well plates coated with the extracellular matrix proteins collagen type I (Col I), collagen type IV (Col IV), fibronectin (Fn), vitronectin (Vn) or laminin (Ln). After 2?h of cell cultivation, the number of adherent cells was monitored by the hexosaminidase activity assay. At least 5 independent experiments were performed in triplicates each. The results are given in % relative to the cell number of adherent vector–transfected control cells. The mean values +/- SEM are depicted. Statistically significant differences (p?<?0.05) to the vector control group are indicated by an asterisk. 
  rab31 Expression   Low High. 
Characteristics of MDA-MB-231 cells expressing different levels of rab31. 
Rab31, depending on its expression level, modulates the switch between a more proliferative versus invasive phenotype in MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells. 
Function a CG Number b Gene Symbol. 
Functional process information was obtained from the listing for the individual gene on FlyBase [20] . 
Flies carrying mutations or having reduced expression of these genes suppressed the Sin3A knockdown curved wing phenotype but did not have a wing phenotype in wild type background. For percent suppression, refer to Table S1 . 
CG Number Gene Symbol SIN3 KD I a SIN3 KD II a   RNAi LOF RNAi LOF. 
SIN3 KD I and II/ CyO-Ras females were crossed to males carrying an RNAi or loss of function (LOF) allele for the indicated gene. 
The percentage of straight winged flies in the progeny of the cross that are knocked down for Sin3A and for the indicated gene is given. Results are an average of three trials. n>100. Standard deviation is indicated. 
Flies had a wing phenotype that was neither straight nor curved. 
n.t., not tested. 
CG Number Gene Symbol Cell Cycle Phase SIN3 KD I a SIN3 KD II a    RNAi LOF RNAi LOF. 
SIN3 KD I and II/ CyO-Ras females were crossed to males carrying an RNAi or loss of function (LOF) allele for the indicated cell cycle regulator. 
The percentage of straight winged flies in the progeny of the cross that are knocked down for Sin3A and for the indicated gene is given. Results are an average of three trials. n>100. Standard deviation is indicated. 
Flies had a wing phenotype that was neither straight nor curved. 
The double knockdown resulted in a partial lethal phenotype. 
n.t., not tested. 
CG Number Gene Symbol Mediator Module SIN3 KD I a SIN3 KD II a    RNAi LOF RNAi LOF. 
SIN3 KD I and II/ CyO-Ras females were crossed to males carrying an RNAi or loss of function (LOF) allele for the indicated gene. 
The percentage of straight winged flies in the progeny of the cross that are knocked down for Sin3A and for the indicated gene is given. Results are an average of three trials. n>100. Standard deviation is indicated. 
Flies had a wing phenotype that was neither straight nor curved. 
n.t., not tested. 
Agents Experimental design Dose Findings References. 
Topical application of garlic oil and allyl sulfides protect against chemical-induced skin carcinogenesis in mice. 
The arrows indicate the increase (?) or decrease (?). 
ICR, Imprinting Control Region; DMSO, dimethylsulfoxide. 
Class Effect on UPR or target Drug. 
Drugs modulating cellular stress responses. 
UPR, unfolded protein response; HSP, heat shock protein; XBP1, X box-binding protein 1; CHOP, C/EBP homologous protein; ATF4, activating transcription factor-4; 17-AAG, 17-Allylamino-17-demethoxygeldanamycin; 17-DMAG, 17 (Dimethylaminoethylamino)-17-demethyoxygeldamycin; PERK, pancreatic ER kinase (PKR)-like ER kinase; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; HDAC, histone deacetylase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; PARP, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase. Modified and adapted with permission from Refs. 6 and 25 . 
Drugs Trial no. Cancer types Phase Status. 
Clinical studies of ER stress inducers and autophagy inhibitors in anticancer therapy. 
HSP, heat shock protein; 17-AAG, 17-Allylamino-17-demethoxygeldanamycin; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; SCLC, small cell lung cancer; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; HDAC, histone deacetylase. Data from http://www.clinicaltrial.gov . 
Purine nucleoside Experimental model Proposed key molecule Reference. 
Key molecules in Purine nucleoside-mediated signal transduction in hypoxic neuronal cells. This table summarizes in vitro data, collected from neuronal/hypoxia experiments. Data are separated in the effects of purine nucleosides (adenosine, inosine and guanosine) on (i) viability and (ii) neurite outgrowth. 
PAH trans -dihydrodiols ARK1A1 ARK1B1 ARK1B10 ARK1C1 ARK1C2 ARK1C3 ARK1C4 AKR7A2 AKR7A3    kcat/ K m (mM?1?min?1). 
Oxidation of PAH trans -dihydrodiols by human AKRs . 
aPalackal et al., 2001 , b 2002 , cShultz et al., 2011 , dQuinn et al., 2008 ; ND: not detected; + or – in parenthesis, stereospecificity of AKR to the PAH trans -dihydrodiols where no parenthesis exist the AKR isoform oxidizes both isomers of the racemic mixture . 
AKR B[ a ]P-7,8-dione reduction (nmol/min/mg). 
Reduction of B[ a ]P-7,8-dione by human AKRs . 
Data from: Shultz et al., 2011 . 
Quinone k cat/ K m Substrate inhibition M1a M2b  (min?1 ?M?1)  (%) (%). 
O -methylation of PAH catechols by COMT . 
a%, Product as isomer 1; b%, Product as isomer 2 . 
+, Where substrate inhibition is observed; ?, substrate inhibition is not observed . 
Data from: Zhang et al., 2011 . 
Mass spectrometry based proteomic approaches Main applications in virology Relevant reference. 
A summary of proteomic techniques and their applications in virology . 
CD4 + T cells HIV-1 RNA target site References showing downregulation after infection Other relevant targets Notes. 
MiRNAs down-regulated after CD4+ T cell activation or monocyte-macrophage differentiation. All miRNAs have also been shown to inhibit HIV-1 replication when overexpressed, and some have also been shown to undergo downregulation following in vitro HIV-1 infection. For other relevant targets, gene name followed by question mark indicates a possible indirect target. 
Gene symbol Gene name (b) Log2 ratioAmela/Mela (c) Log2 ratioAmela/Line. 
Genes characterizing angiogenesis, proliferation and invasion, immune response components or chemotaxis that show higher expression in Amela versus Mela primary tumors and are expressed at similar level in Amela primary tumors and Amela lines in culture. 
Ratio of gene expression as Log2 primary Amela/primary Mela > 1 with p value < 0.001;. 
Ratio of gene expression as Log2 primary Amela/cultured Amela line < 1 or with p value n.s.). 
Gene symbol Gene name (b) Log2 ratio Amela/Mela (c) Log2 ratio Amela/Lines. 
Genes known to be involved in EMT that show higher expression in Amela versus Mela primary tumors and are expressed at similar level in Amela primary tumors and Amela lines in culture. 
Ratio of gene expression as log2 primary Amela/primary Mela > 1 with p values < 0.05;. 
Ratio of gene expression as log2 primary Amela/primary Mela between 0 and 1 with p values < 0.05;. 
Ratio of gene expression as Log2 (primary Amela-/cultured Amela line) < 1 and/or with p value > 0.05 (ns). Log2 (primary Amela /cultured Amela line) < - 1 corresponds to higher expression in cultured Amela line than in primary Amela. 
Genes known to be involved in EMT that show lower expression in primary Amela versus Mela tumors. 
TGF? related genes  (a) Gene symbol Gene name (b) log2 ratioAmela/Mela (c) log2 ratioAmela /Lines (d) References. 
Genes known to be TGF? responsive that show higher expression in Amela versus Mela primary tumors and are expressed at similar level in Amela primary tumors and in Amela lines in culture. 
Ratio of gene expression as log2 primary Amela/primary Mela > 1 with p values < 0.05;. 
Ratio of gene expression as log2 primary Amela/primary Mela between 0 and 1 with p values < 0.05;. 
Ratio of gene expression as Log2 (primary Amela/cultured Amela line) < 1 and/or with p value > 0.05 (ns). Log2 (primary Amela/cultured Amela line) < - 1 corresponds to higher expression in cultured Amela lines than in primary tumor. 
Numbered references can be found in Text S1. 
  N = 202 b N = 90 b variables median range r s c median range r s c. 
Also, associations of each variable (Spearman correlation, r s) with the telomere length are shown. 
N = 202 whole study population, and N = 90 subgroup analyzed for expression of telomere-related genes in whole blood. 
* p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01. 
Adjusted for the specific gravity of urine (1.020 g/mL). 
    relative telomere length     ?-coefficient 95% CI p value. 
Linear regression analysis of urinary arsenic (?g/L) vs telomere length, adjusted for age and BMI. 
Linear regression analysis of urinary arsenic vs telomere length, stratified for the median of fractions of iAs, MMA, or DMA. The analyses were adjusted for age and BMI. 
haplotype a N copies N ind. ? 95% CI p value. 
Two major AS3MT haplotypes are present in this population: (1) AAGGTTGT (associated with a high fraction of MMA and a low fraction of DMA, that is, a slower and more toxic metabolism and (2) GCCATCAC (i.e., low % MMA and high DMA). The order of the polymorphisms in the haplotypes is according to the 5? to 3? direction of AS3MT : rs7085104, rs3740400, rs3740393, rs3740390, rs11191439, rs11191453, rs10748835, and rs1046778. 
    telomere urinary arsenic gene b transcript r s P value, unadjusted P value, FDR adjusted r s P P value, FDR adjusted. 
Note: The ILMN_2373119 was a component of the TERT transcript NM_198253.2, which represents the longer transcript and encodes the longer isoform (isoform 1), while ILMN_1796005 was a component of the TERT transcript NM_001193376.1, which lacks an alternate in-frame exon in the middle portion of the coding region as compared to NM_198253.2. This results in a shorter protein (isoform 2) as compared to isoform 1 (ref: www.ncbi/nih/gov/gene ). 
Abbreviations: FDR, false discovery rate; SCYL1 , SCY1-like 1; RPA1 , replication protein A1; RAD1 , RAD1 homologue; MUS81 , replication protein A2; RIF1 , RAP1 interacting factor homologue; HUS1 , HUS1 checkpoint homologue; SCYL3 , SCY1-like 3; CDK2 , cyclin-dependent kinase 2; RAP1B , RAP1B, member of RAS oncogene family; GORAB , golgin, RAB6-interacting; TOP2A , topoisomerase (DNA) II ?; and TERT , telomerase reverse transcriptase. 
Row Genotype Induction±s.e. n. 
Induction indicates the average number of induced VPCs (1° or 2° fate) per animal and s.e. the standard error determined by bootstrapping (see Materials and methods). ***Indicates a significance of P <0.001 and n the number of animals scored for each genotype. For cye-1(ku256) , the homozygous mutants were compared with their heterozygous siblings on the same plates. Source data is available for this table in the Supplementary Information. 
dATP pmol/106 cells (±SEM) dGTP pmol/106 cells (±SEM). 
dATP and dGTP pools (pmol/106 cells) in WT and dCK ?/? cells. 
DN Thy, CD4/CD8 double-negative thymocytes; B cells, BM-resident B-cell progenitors; Eryth, BM-resident erythroid progenitors. Data are mean values ±SEM for three independent measurements generated from four pooled mice per genotype during each independent measurement. 
IL-15—IL-15R?—IL-2R?—?c complex. 
Data collection and refinement statistics. 
Highest resolution shell is shown in parenthesis. 
Dataset ArrayExpress ID Array type Number of samples. 
The number of excluded arrays for each dataset using the standardized QC procedure is indicated in brackets. Abbreviations: NP: normal prostate, pPC: primary prostate cancer, mPC: metastatic prostate cancer, AI: androgen independent, AD: androgen dependent. 
Pathway Z Score (ArrayExpress) Z Score (Standardized processing). 
Pathway analysis is based on a comparison between benign prostate tissue and primary prostate cancer. Only significant pathways with a Z-score >1.9 in at least one of the two analyses are included. Significant Z-scores are depicted in bold; matches in pathways between the analyses are in italics. 
Pathway Z Score (ArrayExpress) Z Score (Standardized processing). 
Pathway analysis is based on a comparison between primary prostate cancer and metastatic prostate cancer. Only significant pathways with a Z-score >1.9 in at least one of the two analyses are included. Significant Z-scores are depicted in bold; matches in pathways between the analyses are in italics. 
Pathway Z Score (ArrayExpress) Z Score (Standardized processing). 
Pathway analysis is based on a comparison between normal prostate tissue and prostatic adenocarcinoma. Only significant pathways with a Z-score >1.9 in at least one of the two analyses are included. Significant Z-scores are depicted in bold; matches between the analyses are in italics. 
Pathway Z Score (ArrayExpress) Z Score (Standardized processing). 
Pathway analysis is based on a comparison between recurrent and non-recurrent prostate cancer. Only significant pathways with a Z-score >1.9 in at least one of the two analyses are included. Significant Z-scores are depicted in bold. A NaN value commonly occurs when none of the genes in the pathway is present in the dataset. 
Pathway Z Score (ArrayExpress) Z Score (Standardized processing). 
Pathway analysis is based on a comparison between androgen-dependent and androgen-independent prostate cancer. Only significant pathways with a Z-score >1.9 in at least one of the two analyses are included. Significant Z-scores are depicted in bold; matches between the analyses are in italics. 
Molecular Forward primers (5?–3?) Reverse primers (5?–3?). 
Protein target Cat. number. 
Drug Type Target(s) Development phase Sponsor. 
HER3-targeted drugs under development. 
Subtype AT1 AT2 AT4 c-Met. 
Predominant distributions of the three angiotensin receptor subtypes and the HGF/c-Met receptor identified in mammalian brains. 
Adapted from [ 15 , 22 , 30 – 33 ]; +: moderate levels of the receptor subtype; ++: high levels of the receptor subtype. 
Ligand activation of the AT1, AT2, and AT4 receptor subtypes influence the following functions. 
Function AngIV/AT4? receptor subtype HGF/c-Met? receptor. 
Summary of overlapping functions associated with the AngIV/AT4 receptor subtype and the HGF/c-Met receptor. 
Response Definitions. 
Response criteria for patients treated with imatinib. 
Abbreviations: WBC, white blood cells; BCR, breakpoint cluster region; ABL1, Abelson murine leukemia viral oncogene homolog 1; RT, reverse transcription; PCR, polymerase chain reaction. 
Hematologic Cytogenetic Molecular. 
The definitions of response criteria for patients with CML 63. 
Abbreviations: CML, chronic myeloid leukemia; CBC, complete blood count; BCR, breakpoint cluster region; ABL1, Abelson murine leukemia viral oncogene homolog 1; RT, reverse transcription; PCR, polymerase chain reaction. 
Recommendations for monitoring patients with CML 63. 
Abbreviations: CML, chronic myeloid leukemia; CBC, complete blood count; CHR, complete hematologic response; CCyR, complete cytogenetic response; MMR, major molecular response; mo, months; TKIs, tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
PTM Modified sites Modified enzymes Functions Ref. 
Post-translational modification of Sp1. 
ND: non-determine. 
Drugs Effect on Sp1 Cancer type Ref. 
Compounds affected Sp1. 
ND: non-determine. 
rs17849071G/T, n/N (%) Odds Ratio (95% CI) P Value. 
Binding affinities (ED50 in nM) against RARs and RXRs Retinoid analog RAR ? RAR ? RAR ? RXRs. 
Preferential binding of synthetic retinoid analogs to subtypes of RAR. The equilibrium binding affinities of each retinoid analog were determined against baculovirus expressed RAR or RXR isoforms by displacement of [3H]-ATRA. 
Target names Target gene symbol Cells Effects Possible clinical applications References. 
Potential targets of berberine. 
Target names Target gene symbol PANTHER molecular function Biological process Pathway categories. 
Berberine's target classification based on PANTHER. 
PANTHER molecular function Number of targets. 
Distribution of berberine's targets in vitro according to molecular functions. 
PANTHER biological functions Number of targets. 
Distribution of berberine's targets in vitro according to biological functions. 
PANTHER pathway categories Number of targets. 
Distribution of berberine's targets in vitro according to pathway categories. 
Study type Study subjects Berberine dosage Control treatment Major findings Side effects Reference. 
Comparison of clinical studies of berberine in diabetes patients. 
b.i.d: twice daily; t.i.d: three times daily; FBG: fasting blood glucose; HOMA-IR: homeostasis model of assessment—insulin resistance; PBG: postprandial blood glucose. 
AJCC/TNM Dukes Astler-Coller. 
Stage systems AJCC, Dukes, and Astler-Coller. AJCC system is the most used and precise staging system for CRC and combines three letters (T: for the primary tumour, N: for spread to lymph nodes, and M: for metastasis) and numbers from 0 to 4 (indicating more severity for a higher number). 
Molecule Distribution Specific functions in immune responses Reference. 
Src family kinases and their functions in immune responses. 
?Data from http://www.proteinkinase.de. G: granulocyte, Mo: monocyte, Ma: macrophage, B: B cell, T: T cell, and P: platelet. 
Domain Interacting molecules Reference. 
Src-interacting molecules corresponding to SH2 or SH3. 
Receptor Ligand Adapter molecules Location Cell type. 
The classification of TLR family. 
Plant Target Src pathway Reference. 
Plant extracts inhibiting Src activation in macrophages. 
Compound Action target of Src Reference. 
Naturally occurring compounds inhibiting Src pathway activation in macrophages. 
    H3K4me3   H3K27me3     Samples SERs (%) Genes SERs (%) Genes. 
Significantly enriched regions (SERs) and associated genes in each sample. 
63I: line 63 infected, 63N: line 63 control, 72I: line 72 infected, 72N: line 72 control. 
  H3K4me3 H3K27me3 Comparison Differential SERs* Genes Differential SERs* Genes. 
Differential SERs identified in thymus. 
*FDR < 0.4. † Some genes are shared between different comparisons. 63I: line 63 infected, 63N: line 63 control, 72I: line 72 infected, 72N: line 72 control. 
Source GEO GEO GEO GEO TCGA TCGA TCGA TCGA TCGA TCGA 17648 21304 22867 26126. 
Description of datasets used in the study GEO identifiers indicate the GSE ID for the study. 
Biological knowledge type Concept type Number of concepts. 
Biological concepts represented in the LRpath database. 
probeid COS-5.44 (91.1??g/ml) (log2ratio) Gene SGD_description Fitness score (avg) 2 Deletion pool source 3. 
Top 39 characterized sensitive deletion strains found in the HIP-HOP assays above 3.5 log 2 ratio. 
1 COS-5.44 log2 ratio is calculated from tag4 array data for each tag of each deletion strain. COS-5.44 log2 ratio?=?log2 (?c - bg )/(?t - bg ), where ?c is the mean intensity of the control sample, ?t is the mean intensity of the treated samples, and bg is the mean intensity of the unassigned probes. This score is proportional to the log2 ratio of cells present in the control sample versus the treatment sample (i.e. deletion strains exposed to 91.1??g/ml of COS) [ 24 ]. 
2 Fitness score (W ) is estimated from the average growth curves (as measured by optical density) of a given strain in the presence and absence of COS after 20 h. The fitness scores from three individual colonies of each deletion strain grown in triplicate (i.e. 9 cultures for each strain) were used to calculate the average. This score takes into account the growth of the wild type and deletion strain in control conditions as well as treatment conditions. W c ?=?wtc/stc; Wt?=?wtt/stt, where W c is the fitness score under control (no drug) conditions, W t is the fitness score after treatment, wt is doubling time of wild type strain, st is doubling time of the deletion strain, c is control conditions, t is treatment (COS) conditions. Normalized fitness ( W )?=?avg Wt/avg Wc[ 24 ]. A fitness score less than 1 indicates that the strain is sensitive [ 24 ]. A minimum difference of 0.1 (10%) was used as a cut-off to consider a strain sensitive. 
3 Deletion pool source identifies which pool of deletion strains the deleted strain came from. HET - heterozygous essential deletions strains, HOM - homozygous deletion strains. 
ORF Gene Resistance confirmed Fitness score of resistance (avg) 3 Sensitivity confirmed (HET deletion strain) Fitness score of sensitivity (avg) 4 Description from SGD. 
Twenty-one yeast overexpression strains confirmed as suppresors of sensitivity to COS-5.44. 
1 Genes selected for transcriptomic analysis. 
2 Overexpressing strains confirmed as suppressors when overexpressed and sensitive when tested as deletion strains. 
3–4 Fitness score (W ) is estimated from the average growth curves (as measured by optical density) of a given strain in the presence and absence of COS after 20 h. Data shown corresponds to deletion strains exposed to 91.1??g/ml and overexpressing strains to 112.5??g/ml of chitosan oligosaccharide. The fitness scores from three individual colonies of each overexpressing or deletion strain grown in triplicate (i.e. 9 cultures for each strain) were used to calculate the average. This score takes into account the growth of the wild type and overexpressing or deletion strain in control conditions as well as treatment conditions. W c ?=?wtc/stc; Wt?=?wtt/stt, where W c is the fitness score under control (no drug) conditions, W t is the fitness score after treatment, wt is doubling time of wild type strain, st is doubling time of the overexpressing or deletion strain, c is control conditions, t is treatment (COS) conditions. Normalized fitness ( W )?=?avg Wt/avg Wc[ 24 ]. A fitness score less than 1 indicates that the strain is sensitive, a fitness score above 1 indicates that the strain is resistant [ 24 ]. Means that the strain has a treatment induced growth defect, a minimum difference of 0.1 (10%) was used as a cut-off to consider a strain sensitive. 
Drug or therapy Protein(s) targeted Signaling pathways affected. 
Anticancer drugs sensitize CML cells by targeting IAPs, drug transporters, NF ? B and FoxO proteins. 
AML: acute myeloid leukemia, CML: chronic myeloid leukemia; IAPs: inhibitor apoptosis proteins. 
Compound Mechanism of action References Side effects SE references. 
Notch signaling inhibitors. 
Compound Mechanism of action References Side effects SE references. 
Reactive oxygen species inhibitors. 
Compound Mechanism of action References Side effects SE references. 
Apoptosis inhibitors. 
Compound Mechanism of action References Side effects SE references. 
Autophagy activators. 
Compound Mechanism of action References Side effects SE references. 
Methyl transferase inhibitors. 
Parameter Number of cases Percent of cases. 
biomarker  min 25th centile median 75th centile max IQR p-value †. 
Abbreviations: IQR, Interquartile range (75th centile – 25th centile). 
p-value of the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test by comparing the distribution of cases and controls. 
biomarker OR a OR 95%CI p-value † AUC AUC 95%CI p-value. 
Abbreviations: OR, Odds Ratio; CI, Confidence Interval; AUC, area under the ROC curve. 
Odds Ratio for any increase of one unit. 
p-value of the Wald statistic. 
biomarker OR a OR 95%CI p-value † AUC AUC 95%CI p-value. 
Abbreviations: OR, Odds Ratio; CI, Confidence Interval; AUC, area under the ROC curve. 
Odds Ratio for any increase of one unit. 
p-value of the Wald statistic. 
AUC AUC 95%CI p-value. 
Abbreviations: AUC, area under the ROC curve; CI, Confidence Interval. 
Cell Line MYCN Status p53 Mut p53 Mut Codon MDM2 Amp p14 ARF Deln p14 ARF Meth Diagnosis/ Relapse§ Reference. 
MYCN status and aberrations in the p53/MDM2/p14 ARF pathway in neuroblastoma cell lines . 
Mut, mutation; Amp, amplification; Deln, deletion; Meth, methylation; MNA, MYCN amplified; nMNA, non- MYCN amplified . 
§Any cell line established prior to chemo/radiotherapy was classified as established at diagnosis and any cell lines established post-treatment was classified as established at relapse . 
1Personal communication with P. Reynolds, 2Personal communication with T. Sugimoto, 3Personal communication with S. Ragsdale, 4Personal communication with G. Brodeur, 5Personal communication with L. Helson, 6Personal communication with P. Ambros . 
aDuplication of exons 7–9 between exons 9 and 10 resulting in an extra ~321nts, bDeletion of codons 105-125, cDeletion of codons 126–132, dDeletion of exons 10 and 11 resulting in truncated product ~369nts, e104?bp deletion . 
Study Tumors Cell Lines Methods Evidence. 
Summary of studies which have shown increased SKP2 expression in the presence of MYCN and/or MYCN amplification in neuroblastoma . 
1SHEP cells transfected with retroviral control vector or vector containing MYCN; 2GIMEN, NB69, LAN-6, NBL-S, PER-108, SMSKCNR, NBLW, CHLA-136, and NGP were analyzed for SKP2 protein expression using WB, however no correlation between SKP2 protein expression and MYCN protein expression or MYCN amplification was observed; 3Microarray analysis performed on IMR32 and SKNBE2C cells treated with scrambled or MYCN siRNA for 16 and 48?h; 4IMR5-75 cells with inducible stably transfected short hairpin RNAs against MYCN . 
WB, Western blotting; IHC, immunohistochemistry; R, reporter gene assays; Si, differential expression following MYCN siRNA; Sh, differential expression following MYCN shRNA; E, differential expression/correlation in ectopic MYCN expression systems; T, correlation in tumors with MYCN amplification . 
Study Tumors Cell Lines Methods Evidence. 
Summary of studies which have observed an inverse relationship between DKK3 expression and MYCN expression and/or MYCN amplification in neuroblastoma . 
1Microarray analysis performed on IMR32 and SKNBE2C cells treated with scrambled or MYCN siRNA for 16 and 48?h; 2see publication for full list of cell lines used; 3performed on 12/22 neuroblastoma cell lines . 
MNA; MYCN amplified; NB, neuroblastoma; IHC, immunohistochemistry; Si, differential expression following MYCN siRNA; Sh, differential expression following MYCN shRNA; E, differential expression/correlation in ectopic MYCN expression systems; T, differential expression/correlation in tumors with MYCN amplification; C, differential expression/correlation in cell lines with/without MYCN amplification . 
Functional group Gene name Gene symbol Different expression CO treatment vs. control. 
Differentially expressed genes (fold change more than 1.5) between SMC and CO-treated SMC. 
Functional group Gene name Gene symbol Different expression CO treatment vs. control. 
Differentially expressed genes (fold change more than 1.5) between HuVEC and CO-treated HuVEC. 
Sequence. 
Primers. 
Quantification of tRNAMet and tRNASer in pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell lines and the pancreatic ductal epithelia H6c7 by real-time PCR. Each value represents the mean relative tRNA level ± s.e.m. in the cell line as compared with that in the H6c7 cells. This experiment was repeated 3 times. Each sample of real-time PCR was performed in triplicates. Note that POLR3-mediated transcription has been shown to be cell cycle-dependent ( White et al., 1995 ; Scott et al., 2001 ), and each tRNA level represents the outcome of an asynchronous population of cells. * P <0.05, statistically significant. # P <0.1, trend of statistical significance. NS, not statistically significant. 
Normoxic regions Hypoxic regions Necrotic regions  HIF-1?+/pimo? Pimo+/HIF-1??. 
Hypoxia-inducible factor 1? (HIF-1?) Expression and the Pimonidazole Reaction in Each Layer of a Micro Tumor Cord. 
Normoxic regions Hypoxic regions Necrotic regions  HIF-1?+/Pimo? Pimo+/HIF-1??. 
Oxygen Concentrations in Each Layer of a Micro Tumor Cord. 
Normoxic regions Hypoxic regions Necrotic regions  HIF-1?+/Pimo? Pimo+/HIF-1??. 
Glucose Concentrations in Each Layer of a Micro Tumor Cord. 
Normoxic regions Hypoxic regions Necrotic regions  HIF-1?+/Pimo? Pimo+/HIF-1??. 
The pH in Each Layer of a Micro Tumor Cord. 
WE: Warburg effect. 
Normoxic regions Hypoxic regions Necrotic regions  HIF-1?+/Pimo? Pimo+/HIF-1??. 
Proliferative Activity of Cancer Cells in Each Layer of a Micro Tumor Cord. 
Normoxic regions Hypoxic regions Necrotic regions  HIF-1?+/Pimo? Pimo+/HIF-1??. 
Radioresistance of Cancer Cells in Each Layer of a Micro Tumor Cord. 
Category Compound. 
Phenolic compounds found in honey. 
Abscisic acid doesn’t completely fit in to phenolic acids category; it however exhibits a lot of chromatographic similarity with the phenolic acids in honey. 
Phenolic compound Cell line Mechanism of action (s). 
Summary of anti-leukemic effects of phenolic constituents of honey in various cell lines. 
siRNA GENEID Entrez Gene Name Function AVG a SE b. 
Average percent suppression of caspase activation is shown. A value of 1 indicates no change relative to control. 
Standard error of the mean is shown. 
Functional Category p-value b Genes. 
The top 25 of 79 enriched functional categories are shown. 
Benjamini-Hochberg adjusted p-values were back calculated from ?log values given by IPA by using those values as exponents to ?10 (i.e. ?100.05). 
Library Number of sequences Number of singletons Number of clusters Redundancy Library specific clusters Average length of sequences (bp). 
Clusters including 3?ESTs (1740 sequences): 143 singletons; and 717 clusters (of which 694 also contain 5?ESTs, and 23 3?ESTs only). 
Clusters including ESTs from libraries of only one stage (‘stage-specific clusters’): CW-specific clusters, 226; PS-specific clusters, 173; PSP-specific clusters, 189. 
Stage Cluster ID – Blast similarity to UniProt/EMBL No ESTs Library CW PS PSP. 
cDNA includes the SL at the 5?end. 
SL AUG is:. 
in frame with predicted ORF;. 
not in frame with predicted ORF ( Table S1 ). 
Cestoda Trematoda Tricladida     Cluster Em Ts Cs Fh Ov Sj Sm Dj Dr ScM Ml Domain? Protein ID E-value BLASTX results against NR Description. 
Pan-Platyhelminth genes were defined as Platyhelminth specific sequences with significant BLAST scores (bit score ?50) to four or more other platyhelminth EST datasets. The highest BLAST bit scores for each of 11 platyhelminth datasets is shown (consider that a bit score of 50 is roughly equivalent to an e-value of e-5, 100?e-8, 200?e-20, etc): Em - Echinococcus multilocularis ; Ts - Taenia solium ; Cs - Clonorchis sinesis ; Fh - Fasciola hepatica ; Ov - Opisthorchis viverrini ; Sj - Schistosoma japonicum ; Sm - Schistosoma mansoni ; Dj - Dugesia japonica ; Dr - Dugesia ryukuensis ; ScM - Schmidtea mediterranea ; Ml - Macrostomum lignano . Clusters with predicted secretory leaders (bold) or signal anchors (underlined) are indicated. 
Enzyme Cluster ID ESTs % SL CW PS PSP. 
Some enzymes of the TCA cycle (e.g. fumarase) and mitochondrial complex I can also be considered as part of the fermentation pathways (see the text and legend to Figure 6 ); for simplicity, they are included in the former category only. 
Cluster EGC00753 (CW: 16; PSP: 5) encodes a mitochondrial citrate lyase beta-like protein, which could be involved in citrate fermentation. 
Clusters corresponding to incompletely processed transcripts ( i.e. they contain non-removed introns). 
Also participates in gluconeogenesis. 
Enzyme Function Cluster ID No ESTs % SL CW PS PSP. 
EGC00084 and EGC02722 encode the same protein (there is a difference in one nucleotide between them, most likely due to an artifact); the number of ESTs provided is the total from both clusters. 
Clusters corresponding to incompletely processed transcripts ( i.e. they contain non-removed introns). 
Cluster ID No. ESTs Mature apomucin O -Glyc Specific features   N-term Core C-term  . 
An additional cluster contains ESTs from CW only (EGC01419, 2 CWSL); it is not included because the available sequence lacks its N- and C-terminus. 
Clusters with ESTs from PSGR: EGC03003; EGC03208; EGC03329; EGC04734; EGC04753; EGC04824. Clusters with ESTs from PSPGR: EGC02726; EGC02761; EGC02775 (includes 1 EST from CWGR); EGC03388; EGC03397; EGC03487. 
Most likely, 7 C-terminal amino acids (see Figure 7B ). 
ESTs from these clusters are forward and reverse sequences of the same clone. 
Cluster ID No. ESTs Predicted function (from blast similarity). 
Already characterized: Eg-ppGalNAc-T1 [151] . 
Also contains ESTs from PSSL (7) and PSPSL (6) libraries. 
Cluster ID – Blast similarity to UniProt/EMBL No. ESTs CW PS PSP Length (aa) Cys in LEL *. 
Number of Cys residues in LEL (large extracellular loop; see Figure 8B ). 
The sequence reported for EmTSP-3 [119] is only 148 aa-long and lacks the canonical TM domains 1 and 2 of the TSP family. The residue assigned as initiation methionine corresponds to Met present between TM2 and TM3 in EmTSP-5 (see Figure S2 ). 
Sj-TSP-26, according to Wu et al. [121] . 
Retention time (min) Mono-isotopic Mass (m/z) P-Value Ratio Fertile/Infertile Max. Intensity ObservedMass Charge MS/MS Match Sequence (Coverage) MascotScore. 
SNP Chr. Position (bp) GWAS P-value (meta) Immunochip p-value (meta) Combined P-value Risk/ Non-risk allele RAF (Case) RAF (Ctrls) OR a (meta) Notable genes No. of genes +/? 500kb. 
Meta-analysis results for psoriasis loci. For known loci, the most significant SNP within 500kb (3Mb for MHC region) of the previously published SNP is shown. rs34536443 was the most strongly associated SNP in the TYK2 region, but found to be independent of the previously published SNP (rs12720356). ‘GWAS P value’: P value from the meta-analysis of the 3 GWAS datasets. ‘Immunochip P value’: the result of the meta-analysis of the two Immunochip datasets. ‘Combined P-value’: the P-value from the meta-analysis including all 5 datasets, RAF: Risk allele frequency, ‘Notable genes’: genes most likely to have an effect on the development of psoriasis. 
The overall OR was calculated using the effective sample size-weighted approach. 
Index SNP Potential Causal SNP Combined P-value Marker a RAF Annotation Marker c RAF Gene with variant Amino acid substitution (Damaging effect d ) r2 Index SNP Potential causal SNP Index SNP (conditioning on causal SNP). 
SNPs that are missense mutations from the 1000 Genome Project and that are in LD (r2>=0.9) with primary signals from the known and newly identified loci that achieve genomewide significance in the meta-analysis, or with secondary signals from the conditional analysis (“Index SNP”). The “Index SNP” columns show the information of SNPs with the most significant P-value in our analysis, and the “Potential causal SNP” columns show the information for the SNPs that have high LD with our strongest signal. The “Combined p-value” column shows the meta-analysis P-value for the index SNP, potential causal SNP, and the P-values for the index SNPs while conditioning on the potential causal SNPs, respectively. Note the potential causal SNP rs7199949 is not present in our meta-analysis study therefore its P-value is not shown. 
SNPs with the most significant p-value in our analysis. 
The meta-analysis p-value from the conditional analysis is shown. 
SNPs that are missense mutations and have high LD with our strongest signal. 
High confidence damaging effect predicted by SIFT (S) or Polyphen (P). RAF: Risk Allele Frequency. For the potential causal SNP rs7199949, the P value is ‘NA’ as the SNP was not included on the Immunochip. 
Cell line A431 D247 MG   Mean SE ( n = 3) Mean SE ( n = 2). 
Cytotoxicity of [ 125 I]SGMIB-MNT expressed as decays per cell or per nucleus. 
N/D, not determined. 
Condition t-BHP * (nmol). 
The amount of t-BHP reduced was calculated from the amount NADPH oxidized after 6 min. All experiments were performed in TE-buffer with human Trx (2 µM), TrxR (50 nM), and NADPH (500 µM). Final concentration of selenite was 5 µM and 4 mM for SAM. 
Condition t-BHP * (nmol). 
The amount of t-BHP reduced was calculated from the amount NADPH oxidized after 6 min. The mixture contained 50 µM GSH, 0.2 mM NADPH, 2 mM EDTA, 0.1 mg/mL BSA, and 6 µg/mL yGR and 1 µM Grx in 100 mM Tris-HCl. Selenite and SAM were added to a final concentration of 5 µM and 4 mM respectively. 
name  sequence . 
AGE (in years). 
NCI CTCAE 3.0 Category/Term Grade 3 Number Grade 4 Number. 
Abbreviations : ANC, Absolute Neutrophil Count; CTCAE, Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events; NCI, National Cancer Institute. 
Group LVDd(mm) LVSd(mm) IVSd(mm) IVSs(mm) FS (%) EF (%). 
EF, eject fraction; FS, fractional shortening; LVDd, left ventricle diastolic diameter; LVSd, left ventricle systolic diameter; IVSd, interventricular septum diastolic thickness; IVSs interventricular septum systolic thickness. Data are expressed as mean±SD; n?=?6 for each group. 
Drug Trastuzumab Lapatinib Pertuzumab. 
Proposed mechanisms of action of HER2-targeted therapies. 
Cell Cycle and Growth  . 
List of selected novel RASSF1C target genes identified in NSCLC (NCI-H1299) cells. 
A B. 
(A) Selected RASSF1C target genes validated in the NCI-H1299 lung cancer cell line over-expression RASSF1C using RT-PCR. (B) Silencing of endogenous RASSF1C expression had an opposite effect on the expression of RASSF1C target genes. 
Major genetic alterations in primary and secondary GBM initiation and progression. 
Some authors consider pilocytic astrocytoma as a distinct tumor that does not transform to higher grade astrocytomas (dotted arrow);. 
Some authors describe low-grade astrocytoma as WHO I or WHO II. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; IDH, isocitrate dehydrogenase; LOH, loss of heterozygosity; MGMT, O6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; RB1, retinoblastoma 1. 
Target Agent. 
Small molecule targets for investigational agents. 
Abbreviations: EGF, epidermal growth factor; FTI, farnesyltransferase inhibitor; HDAC, histone deacetylase; LDL, low-density lipoprotein; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; PKC, protein kinase C; RTK, receptor tyrosine kinase; STK, Src tyrosine kinase; TGF, transforming growth factor; TK, tyrosine kinase; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Agent Target(s). 
Molecularly targeted agents in antiangiogenic therapy. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HER, human epidermal receptor; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; SF, scatter factor; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
MicroRNA Expression Function Target(s). 
MicroRNAs implicated in GBM and their role in tumor development. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HGS, hepatocyte growth factor-regulated tyrosine kinase substrate. 
Study (reference) Treatment N Progression-free survival (months) Hazard ratio (95% CI) Overall survival (months) Gefitinib Chemotherapy Gefitinib Chemotherapy. 
Phase III clinical trials of gefitinib versus chemotherapy in non-small-cell lung cancer patients harboring epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations. 
Adverse event (all grade) Frequency a (%). 
Most frequent adverse events observed in non-small-cell lung cancer patients treated with gefitinib. 
Notes:. 
Data from IPASS, INTEREST, ISEL, NEJ002, and WJTOG3405 studies. 6 , 21 , 30 , 33 , 34 Range of reported frequency. 
Study Treatment N Grade 1/4 (%) Grade 3/4 (%) Treatment discontinuation (%). 
Frequency of adverse events occurring in non-small-cell lung cancer patients treated with gefitinib 250 mg/day in randomized Phase III clinical trials. 
Mechanism of action Drug name Clinical trial Tumor characteristics. 
Proposed mechanisms of action of drugs in clinical trials addressing K-RAS mutated tumors. 
Study Population studied Treatment arms Results. 
Phase III studies with EGFR TKIs in the first-line setting in advanced NSCLC. 
Current ALK inhibitors in clinical trials in various tumor types. 
Molecular mechanisms implicated by mutation Gene/mutation* Neurodevelopmental step (from Figure 1 ). 
Study Patients Controls Array Candidate region/ Genetic result region/ Other results ref    gene identified gene . 
Author Population N (M/F) Intervention ?FFM† ?Fat mass† ?Total body weight†. 
Change (?) in fat free mass (FFM), fat mass and total body weight?±?standard error of the mean in women from previous studies examining the effects of increased dietary protein intake and weight loss on body composition (Farnsworth et al. [ [ 28 ] ]; Luscombe-Marsh et al. [ [ 65 ] ]; Noakes et al. [ [ 25 ]]; Layman et al. [ [ 29 ] ]; Piatti et al ., 1994 [ [ 31 ]]). 
†Data from women only. 
**Indicates a significant retention of lean mass in the HP diet group and *indicates a trend. 
Targets Agents Clinical development in different tumour types Osteosarcoma Ewing sarcoma. 
Molecular targets according to malignant characteristics and current development of targeted therapies in osteosarcomas and Ewing sarcomas. 
CNS: central nervous system; GFR: growth factor receptor; P: preclinical studies; I: phase Itrial; II: phase IItrial; III: phase IIItrial; ped: paediatric; ad: adult; CT: chemotherapy; CGT: giant cell tumour. 
Evaluation time Response Optimal Suboptimal Failure. 
Definition of response to imatinib in chronic phase chronic myeloid leukemia *. 
Note:. 
European LeukemiaNet guidelines. 
Abbreviations: CHR, complete hematologic response; CCyR, complete cytogenetic response; CyR, cytogenetic response; MMR, major molecular response. 
Clinical phase Patients (n) Dose ¥ CCyR (%) MMR (%) Reference. 
Response rates with nilotinib as first-line treatment for chronic myeloid leukemia in chronic phase. 
Notes:. 
Twice daily;. 
24 months;. 
12 months. 
Abbreviations: CCyR, complete cytogenetic response; MMR, major molecular response. 
Nilotinib 300 mg BID % of patients (n = 282) Nilotinib 400 mg BID % of patients (n = 281) Imatinib 400 mg QD % of patients (n = 283) P value (nilotinib arms versus imatinib). 
Response rates with nilotinib or imatinib in the ENESTnd trial. 
Notes: Adapted from Lancet Oncol , 12, Kantarjian HM, Hochhaus A, Saglio G, et al, Nilotinib versus imatinib for the treatment of patients with newly diagnosed chronic phase, Philadelphia chromosome-positive, chronic myeloid leukaemia: 24-month minimum follow-up of the phase 3 randomised ENESTnd trial, 841–851, Copyright 2011, with permission from Elsevier 36 and Saglio G, Kim DW, Issaragrisil S, et al. Nilotinib versus imatinib for newly diagnosed chronic myeloid leukemia. N Engl J Med . 2010;362:2251–2259. 35. 
Abbreviations: ENESTnd, Evaluating Nilotinib Efficacy and Safety in Clinical Trials Newly Diagnosed Philadelphia Chromosome Positive; BID, twice daily; QD, once daily; CCyR, complete cytogenetic response; MMR, major molecular response; CMR, complete molecular response. 
PKF115-584 + FTS Pyrvinium + FTS  Ls174T HCT116 DLD1 SW480 HT29 Ls174T HCT116 DLD1 SW480 HT29. 
Gt # ADM P-1 P-2 P-3 PDAC mm tumor cysts. 
Definitions: Gt = genotype; ADM = acinar-to-ductal metaplasia; P-1 = mouse pancreatic intraepithelial neoplasia (mPanIN)1; P-2 = mPanIN2; P-3 = mPanIN3; PDAC = pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; mm tumor = widest measurement, in mm, of PDAC; “×” indicates the presence of; PKSL/L = Pdx1-Cre/LSLKras G12D/+/Smad4 lox/lox ; PKS L/LA +/? = Pdx1-Cre/LSL-Kras G12D/+/Smad4 lox/lox/Agr2 +/? ; PKSL/LA?/? = Pdx1-Cre/LSL-Kras G12D/+/Smad4 lox/lox/Agr2 ?/?. 
Author (reference) Country Study design Summary of reported findings. 
Effect of prematurity alone or prematurity with IUGR on postnatal kidney growth, morphology, and programming of renal dysfunction and blood pressure. 
RGC: radial glomerular count, RF: renal failure, GA: gestational age, SGA: small for GA, AGA: appropriate for GA, GFR: glomerular filtration rate, EUGR: extrauterine growth retardation. 
Factors Phenotype References. 
Effect of environmental factors on kidney development and programming of renal dysfunction and blood pressure. 
LBW: low birth weight, GFR: glomerular filtration rate, NSAIDS: nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, ACEi: angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, ARBs: angiotensin receptor blockers, COX-2: cyclooxygenase-2, and GR: glucocorticoid receptor. 
Viruses and their proteins having ability to modulate apoptosis …. 
Protein VDAC conductance PTP opening Cyto c release Cell death Interaction demonstrated by. 
Modulation of VDAC conductance and mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis by VDAC-associated proteins. 
Bax oligomerizes with VDAC ( Adachi et al., 2004 ) . 
Ca2+-dependent binding to VDAC. 
Agents VDAC-mediated cytotoxic Reference. 
Reagents proposed to act via VDAC (for details, see VDAC as a Pharmacological Target for Compounds Affecting Cell Proliferation or Apoptosis). 
Outputs       Ligand Abbrev. Ligand name Receptor type activated NF- B CREB AP-1 ROS IRF-7 * IRF-3 First model absent. 
IRF7 can only be produced after stimulation of combinations of TLR receptors, TLR3 or TLR4 combined with either TLR7, TLR8 or TLR9. 
Groups of Chemical compounds Chemical compounds (n) Genes assigned (n) Unique genes (n) Redundant genes (n). 
Redundant genes comprise of all genes, which are associated with chemical compounds having isoforms. 
Output ihsTLRv2 ihsMonoTLR draft p ihsMonoTLR draft p final ihsMonoTLR ihsMonoTLR_LPS. 
Fluxes are given in ( ). 
Chemical compound Genes absent in hMonoTLR Genes encoding chemical compound Group of chemical compound. 
Metabolite transporter did not have a chemical compound as the genes were only added to the transport reaction. 
Tibetans 1 Amhara Oromo Ethiopians SNP Gene ? 2 MAF ? 2 p Power 3 MAF ? 2 p Power 3 MAF ? 2 p Power 3. 
Genotype-phenotype association ? coefficients for EGLN1 were obtained from Simonson et al [16] while those for EPAS1 were obtained from Beall et al [17] . 
? indicates the observed linear coefficient for the relationship between SNP genotype and Hb levels. 
Power refers to the probability of detecting a significant association (p<0.05) between SNP genotype and Hb level given the MAF and the sample size in the Ethiopian populations assuming that the ? coefficient is as high or higher as that observed in Tibetans. 
Amhara PBS tail cut-off Amhara High PBS tail cut-off Amhara High MR tail cut-off Classification Gene Set 0.01 0.01 0.05 0.01 0.01 0.05 0.01 0.01 0.05. 
denote support from ?95% and 99% of bootstrap replicates, respectively. 
Variable Amplified, n (%) Not amplified, n (%) P -value a. 
Abbreviations: BMI=body mass index; ER=oestrogen receptor; FIGO=International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics; FISH=fluorescence in situ hybridisation; KRAS= Homo sapiens v-Ki-ras2 Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogenes homologue; N.m.d=no mutations detected; PR=progesterone receptor. 
Data missing: b54, d8, e3, f74, g127, h4, i7, j199, k81. 
Fisher's exact test. 
FIGO 2009 Criteria. 
Variable High expression, n (%) Low expression, n (%) P -value. 
Abbreviations: BMI=body mass index; ER=oestrogen receptor; FIGO=International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics; KRAS= Homo sapiens v-Ki-ras2 Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogenes homologue; N.m.d=no mutations detected; PR=progesterone receptor. 
The P -value was based on the ? 2-test or Fisher's exact test as indicated. 
Data missing: a10, c1, d16, e26, f3, g3, h11, i23. 
FIGO 2009 criteria. 
Variable KRAS mutated, n (%) KRAS wt, n (%) P -value a. 
Abbreviations: BMI=body mass index; ER=oestrogen receptor; FIGO=International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics; KRAS= Homo sapiens v-Ki-ras2 Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogenes homologue; N.m.d=no mutations detected; PR=progesterone receptor. 
Data missing: c42, d2, e48, f25, g26, h23, i16, j59. 
? 2-test. 
FIGO 2009 criteria. 
Gene name Description Fold change. 
  Oxaliplatin free, n =21 (%) Oxaliplatin treated, n =24 (%) P- value a. 
Abbreviations: 5-FU/LV=fluorouracil/leucovorin; IRIS=irinotecan and S-1; mFOLFOX6=modified FOLFOX6. 
The P -values for gender were calculated using ? 2 test. The P- values for age, tumour location, differentiation, and prior chemotherapy were calculated using the Wilcoxon test. 
microRNAs References/Methods. 
microRNAs that are differentially expressed in human retinoblastoma . 
A, microarray analysis; B, semiquantitative RT-PCR; C, real-time qPCR . 
Age-related disease EGF/EGFR signaling pathway. 
Alterations of components of the EGFR signaling pathway in age-related diseases . 
Discovery (UMU) Validation (TCGA) Risk variant Chr Position Gene Major allele Risk allele Ref. Surrogate Position LD (r?2) Major allele Risk allele n (major) n (rare+hz) Surrogate Position LD (r?2) Major allele Risk allele n (major) n (rare+hz). 
LD(r?2) HapMap linkage disequilibrium (r2) data between used surrogate marker and original risk variant, n number, major samples homozygous for the major allele, rare+hz samples homozygous for the rare allele plus heterozygous samples. 
All samples Solved by ASCAT. 
Genomic events Definition a. 
nTot?=?nA + nB, where nA and nB represent calculated copy numbers for the separate alleles at a given probe. 
Gene Locus. 
UMU TCGA  Risk variant Region Cytoband Gene Event Variant n (major) a n (major) event a n(rare+hz) a n(rare+hz) event a P Variant n (major) n (major) event n(rare+hz) n(rare+hz) event P Approach. 
n number, major samples homozygous for the major allele, rare+hz samples homozygous for the rare allele plus heterozygous samples, event samples positive for given event, GOI genes of interest. 
total number of samples (glioblastoma samples/non-glioblastoma samples). 
Gene Exon Primer sequence Tm,. 
Primer sequences and annealing temperatures for direct sequencing. 
F, forward primer R, reverse primer Tm, annealing temparature. 
We used DNA sequencing to detect mutations in the clinical HNSCC specimens. KRAS (exons 1 and 2), BRAF (exon 15) and PIK3CA (exons 9 and 20) were analyzed for mutations. 
Gene Primer sequence Tm,. 
Primer sequences and annealing temperatures for copy number analysis by qPCR. 
The copy number changes in KRAS, BRAF and PIK3CA were evaluated by qPCR. DNA from the normal tissue from each sample was used as the control; each gene copy number in the normal tissue was set as 2, and a copy number more than 4 was considered to be a gain. 
Variable Total (n = 115). 
Patients’ characteristics. 
115 patients were obtained in this study. The patient characteristics are listed. 
No Nucleotide change Amino acid Change Primary tumor Exon Smoking (pack/year) Age/Sex. 
HNSCC gene mutations. 
We sequenced KRAS exon 1, BRAF exon 15 and PIK3CA exon 9 and exon 20 and identified mutations in six of the 115 patients (5.2%). 
  Not Amplified Amplification Deletion. 
Copy number alteration of K-RAS, PI3CA, BRAF. 
We identified copy number changes in PIK3CA, K-RAS and BRAF. PIK3CA copy number amplification was found in 37 cases (32.2%). 
Variable Copy number of PIK3CA (Not Amplified n = 78) Copy number of PIK3CA (Amplification n = 37) P value. 
Patients’ characteristics stratified by Copy number alternation of PIC3CA. 
* Student t test † Chi-square test ‡ Fisher test. 
The patients’ characteristics stratified by the PIK3CA copy number alteration. There was no significant association. 
Variable Crude HR 95% CI P value AHR 95% CI P value. 
Cox proportional hazard models (59 patients without lymph node metastasis). 
Adjusted for age, gender, smoking status, mutation status. 
HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; AHR, adjusted hazard ratio. 
Cox proportional hazard models were computed to determine the significance of PIK3CA amplification with adjustment for age, gender, smoking status and mutation status. 
No. Age Sex Pathologic Diagnosis pT Stage Grade. 
Patients and tumor characteristics (n = 40; 2005–2007). 
Gene Forward (5?–3?) Reverse (5?–3?). 
Primer sequences used in this study. 
IRF Molecular Size (a.a) Chromosome Functions associated with oncogenesis Aberrant expression References (Human) (Mouse) (Human). 
Strain Relevant properties Source or references. 
Bacterial strains and plasmids used in this study . 
The native virulence plasmids of Y. pestis are the 9.6 kb pPCP (encodes the protease Pla), the 70.3 kb Lcr plasmid pCD (encodes the Ysc T3SS and Yops), and the 96.2 kb pFra (also called pMT; encodes the capsular fibril F1) (Perry and Fetherston, 1997 ) . 
Treatment MO/M? PMN Other Lymphocytes. 
Distribution of cell types among splenic CD11b + cells analyzed by multiplex chemokine/cytokine array . 
Cytokine/chemokine concentration, pg ml ?1 Treatment G-CSF GM-CSF TNF? IL-1? IL-6 CXCL1 IFN?. 
Control tests for multiplex analysis of chemokines and cytokines a , b . 
<signifies that data from all three experiments were below the detection limit. Other values without a superscript are average ± SD based on data that were above the detection limit in all three experiments . 
Results for IL-4, IL-12(p40), IL-12(p70), IL-15, Eotaxin, CXCL5, CCL2, and M-CSF are not listed because all samples returned responses below the detection limit for these chemokines/cytokines . 
–denotes that there was only one response above the detection limit; the other two experiments returned data that were below the detection limit . 
Average ± the range from two experiments; the third experiment returned data that were below the detection limit . 
Cytokine/chemokine concentration, pg ml ?1 Treatment G-CSF GM-CSF TNF? IL-1? IL-6 CXCL1 IFN? . 
Chemokines and cytokines from sera and splenic CD11b + cells of mice infected with YopM + and ? yopM-1 Y . pestis a . 
<signifies that data from all three experiments were below the detection limit. Other values without a superscript are average ± SD based on data that were above the detection limit in all three experiments . 
–denotes that there was only one response above the detection limit; the other two experiments returned data that were below the detection limit . 
Average ± the range from two experiments; the third experiment returned data that were below the detection limit . 
CD11b + cells from all treatment groups returned responses below the detection limit for this set of genes, with the exception of mice infected for 16 h with parent Y. pestis, for which a single experiment returned a value of 670 pg ml ?1 for CXCL5 . 
Significantly greater than the response from CD11b + cells from non-infected mice (P < 0.05) . 
Data from mice infected with the two Y. pestis strains differed significantly at P < 0.05 . 
Treatment MO/M? PMN Other Lymphocytes. 
Distribution of morphological types among the CD11b + cells used for transcriptional analysis . 
Data from one of the experiments done to obtain RNA for microarray analysis; data for ?yopM-1 Y. pestis were pooled from three experiments. The 1-h data came from three experiments for ?yopM-1 Y. pestis and 2 for the parent Y. pestis KIM5 . 
GenBank accession Symbol Name Fold change, parent/? yopM-1. 
Microarray results for 1-h infection, analyzed two ways a . 
Data for ?2-fold differences between responses to parent and ?yopM-1 Y. pestis; current gene symbols and names obtained at MGI (Mouse Genome Informatics, http://www.informatics.jax.org/ ). The complete normalized log ratio data as analyzed by GeneSpring X are available at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/query/acc.cgi?acc=GSE41564. 
GenBank accession Symbol Name Fold change, parent/? yopM-1. 
Microarray results for 18-h infection, analyzed two ways a . 
Data for ?2-fold differences between responses to parent and ?yopM-1 Y. pestis; current gene symbols and names obtained at MGI (Mouse Genome Informatics, http://www.informatics.jax.org/ ). The complete normalized log ratio data as analyzed by GeneSpring X are available at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/query/acc.cgi?acc=GSE41564. 
Egr1 Tnf ? Ccl2 Ccl3 IL1 ?. 
Relative transcript levels a for a set of inflammation-related genes in splenic CD11b + cells from infected mice . 
The data are the expression values normalized to that for Ubc calculated as 100(2 ?(CPgene?CPUbc)), where CP Ubc is the geometric mean from all experiments. Each experiment was carried out at least twice, and the data are the averages ± SD . 
The confirmation tests for 1 h infections were done by qRT-PCR on the RNA that was used for microarray. The data for non-infected and 18-h infected splenic CD11b + cells used RNA from independent sets of replicate experiments . 
Ratio P/M is the ratio of average relative gene expression for mice infected by parent Y. pestis to that for mice infected with the ?yopM-1strain . 
Data for parent differed significantly from those for ?yopM-1 at p < 0.05 . 
Data for parent differed significantly from those for ?yopM-1 at p < 0.005 . 
Data for parent differed significantly from those for ?yopM-1 at p < 5 × 10 ?6 . 
BMMs b Egr1 Tnf ? Ccl2 Ccl3 IL1 ? C xcl1. 
Relative gene expression a in cultured M?s . 
The data are the expression values for the indicated genes normalized to that for Ubc calculated as 100(2 ?(CPgene?CPUbc)), where CP Ubc is the geometric mean from all experiments. Each experiment was carried out at least twice, and the data are the averages ± SD . 
BMMs were infected with parent or ?yopM-1 Y. pestis at an MOI of 10 in replicate experiments with at least duplicate infected cultures analyzed separately. In these experiments, the medium was replaced after 2 h of infection with medium containing 5% FBS + 50 ?g mL ?1 gentamicin and 40 ?g mL ?1 chloramphenicol to kill both extracellular and intracellular bacteria . 
BMMs were infected with parent or ?yopM-1 Y. pestis at an MOI of 10 in replicate experiments with quadruplicate infected cultures analyzed separately. The cells were pretreated with, and infected in the presence of, cytochalasin D to prevent engulfment of the bacteria and maximize delivery of YopM . 
BMMs and J774A.1 cells were infected at an MOI of 30–40 with Y. pestis KIM8-3003.12 containing pYopM or the vector as indicated. The cells were pretreated with, and infected in the presence of, cytochalasin D to prevent engulfment of the bacteria and maximize delivery of YopM. Gene expression in BMMs was assayed in two to three experiments with two to four replicate cultures analyzed separately. For J774A.1 cells at 1 h, Egr1 and Ccl3 were measured in triplicate in seven experiments and Ccl3 was measured in six experiments; the data for 3 h came from three experiments. At 6 h, numbers of experiments were 5 (Ccl3), 3 (Il6), and 2 (Cxcl10). Genes in non-infected J77A.1 cells were measured in 8 (Egr1), 8 (Il6), 5 (Cxcl10), 7 (Tnf?), 6 (Ccl2), and 10 (Ccl3) experiments . 
Data for vector vs. pYopM infections differed significantly at p < 0.05 . 
Accession HGNC Name 6h L:H ratio b 24h L:H ratio b. 
Protein is included if at least half of the biologic z-score values are ?1.960? (indicated by bolding) and there are no major disagreements between biological replicates. 
L/H ratio refers to the geometric mean of all log2 L/H values for each given gi number, expressed as relative protein quantity in infected cultures. 
Accession HGNC Name 6h L:H ratio b 24h L:H ratio b. 
Protein is included if at least half of the biologic z-score values are ?1.960? (indicated by bolding) and there are no major disagreements between biological replicates. 
L/H ratio refers to the geometric mean of all log2 L/H values for each given gi number, expressed as relative protein quantity in infected cultures. 
Characteristic Sirolimus Everolimus. 
Summary of the Key Pharmacokinetic Parameters of Oral Sirolimus and Everolimus. Reproduced from Expert Review of Anticancer Therapy, August 2011, Vol. 11, No. 8, Pages 1181-1192 with permission of Expert Reviews Ltd [ 19 ]. 
Varies with formulation, dose and comedications. 
Ratio of drug concentration in brain (ng/g)/ drug concentration in blood (ng/mL) following 6 days of oral dosing at 3 mg/kg in rats. 
Trial (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier) Patient Population Planned Enrolment Study Design Dosing Regimen Primary Endpoint(s). 
Ongoing Studies of mTOR Inhibitors in Tuberous Sclerosis Complex (TSC) [ 19 ]. 
AML, angiomyolipoma; LAM, lymphangioleiomyomatosis; SEGA, subependymal giant-cell astrocytoma; TSC, tuberous sclerosis complex. 
Name Stage Screening of patients 1st-line or treated Comparison Result. 
Large-scale clinical studies of gefitinib. 
Abbreviations: GEM, gemcitabine; CDDP, cisplatin; PTX, paclitaxel; CBDCA, carboplatin; DTX, docetaxel. 
Study ISEL INTEREST     Gefitinib Placebo Gefitinib Placebo       n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%). 
Summary of patient demographics, characteristics, and ADR in the ISEL and INTEREST studies. 
Abbreviation: ND, not detected. 
Molecule Case Immuno-positivity (number, %)  No. Tumor Ductal epithelia. 
Paired t -test,. 
: P <0.0001. 
Cells IC50 (µM) (24 h) IC50 (µM) (48 h). 
The IC50 values were obtained by triplicate from each sample (pre-B and T-ALL). The values in parentheses represent the 95% confidence interval. 
Aging Neurodegeneration Can the longevity pathway confer Neuroprotection?. 
Molecular pathways affecting aging and neurodegeneration. 
Genotype Corpses ± s.d. n p- Value. 
First larval stage (L1) worms were anaesthetized and viewed using DIC microscopy. The numbers of cell corpses in the heads were counted. s.d., standard deviation. 
sli-1 mutation does not block cell death in the pharynx Genotype Extra cells ± s.d. n p -Value. 
Third larval stage (L3) worms were anaesthetized and viewed using DIC microscopy. The numbers of extra cell nuclei in the anterior pharynges were counted. 
These strains contained nIs96 [ lin-11p::gfp ] V. 
Transgene Heat Shock Corpses ± s.d. n p -Value. 
ced-10(n1993); sli-1(sy143) embryos containing the transgenes indicated above were heat shocked at 33°C for 1 hour and then allowed to recover for 3–3.5 hours at 20° C. The numbers of cell corpses in the heads of anaesthetized first larval stage (L1) worms were counted using DIC microscopy within 0.5 h of hatching. The number of persistent corpses was determined from two independent transgenic lines for each transgene except for P hspsli-1?RING (see text for explanation). s.d., standard deviation. 
Genotype Corpses ± s.d. n p- Value. 
First larval stage (L1) worms were anaesthetized and viewed using DIC microscopy. The numbers of cell corpses in the heads were counted. s.d., standard deviation. p- Values refer to comparisons between the double mutant and accompanying triple mutant strains. 
BAIT (USPs) PREY (BRAP) Full-length ?NT (141–592) CC (393–592). 
The USP15 and USP4 DUSP-UBL mediates binding to the BRAP C-terminal coiled coil region. 
Fragments of USP4, USP15, USP11, and BRAP were inserted into bait (USPs) and prey (BRAP) Y2H vectors and tested for interaction by directed Y2H. +, interaction seen with HIS3 reporter only; ++, interaction shown with HIS3 and ADE2 reporters. ND, not determined. Cat. domain, catalytic domain; ?NT, N-terminal deletion mutant; CC, coiled coil. 
Modification E2F1 Status Peptide Sequence a Measureda ( m/z ) Theoreticala ( m/z ) Controlb TMCG/DIPYb(Intensity)c TMCG/DIPY/2PCPAb. 
The characteristics peptides involving posttranslational modifications of E2F1 (methylation ?=? Me, acetylation ?=? Ac, and phosphorylation ?=?P), as well as their measured and theoretical m/z are shown; bPeptides were analyzed in untreated MDA-MB-231 cells (control), treated for 3-days with 10 ?M TMCG plus 5 ?M DIPY (TMCG/DIPY) or treated for 3-days with 10 ?M TMCG plus 5 ?M DIPY in the presence of 50 ?M 2PCPA (TMCG/DIPY/2PCPA); cRelative intensities of specific tryptic peptides were normalized with respect to an internal matrix control. 
Variable SIRT3 protein  All cases Low expression High expression ?2 P value a. 
Chi-square test;. 
Mean age;. 
AFP, alpha-fetoprotein; HBsAg, hepatitis B surface antigen. 
Variable All cases Overall survival (months) Recurrence-free survival (months)   Mean Median P value Mean Median P value. 
Mean age;. 
NR, not reached; HbsAg, hepatitis B surface antigen; AFP, alpha-fetoprotein. 
Variable ? SE Hazard ratio (95%CI) P value. 
?, Regression coefficient; SE, standard error; CI, confidence interval; AFP, alpha-fetoprotein. 
Variables HNSCC ( n ?=?273) Control ( n ?=?122). 
The tumor staging was according to American Joint Committee on Caner (AJCC) TNM staging system. The T represents tumor size and the N represents lymph node metastasis. T1: tumor size less than 2 cm; T2: tumor size between 2 to 4 cm; T3: tumor size larger than 4 cm; T4: tumor invading to adjacent tissues or spaces. 
(c): Polymorphism site. 
HNSCC susceptibility and pre-mir-149 polymorphism Genotype C/C C/T T/T p value. 
Chi-square analysis. 
Fisher’s exact test. 
Logistic regression model for HNSCC susceptibility (dominant model) # Variables OR 95% CI p value. 
OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
All predictor variables are adjusted. 
Variables C/C C/T T/T p value. 
Chi-square analysis. 
Logistic regression for prediction of neck nodal metastasis # Variables Subgroups ( n ) OR 95% CI p value. 
OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
All predictor variables are adjusted. 
Cox-proportional hazard model for prediction of patient’s survival # Variables Subgroups ( n ) HR 95% CI p value. 
HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
All predictor variables are adjusted. 
The impact of the polymorphism on survival is no longer significant when adjusting for tumor size or nodal status. 
Logistic regression for prediction of neck nodal metastasis # Variables Subgroups ( n) OR 95% CI p value. 
OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
All predictor variables are adjusted. 
Cox-proportional hazard model for prediction of patient’s survival # Variables Subgroups ( n ) HR 95% CI p value. 
HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
All predictor variables are adjusted. 
The impact of the polymorphism on survival is no longer significant when adjusting for tumor size or nodal status. 
Low P90RSK High P90RSK . 
Comparison of clinical and pathologic characteristics of breast cancer patients according to the phospho-p90RSK expression. 
List of drugs and agents as candidates for the treatment of NAFLD. 
Drug Clinical trials a. 
Summary of BRAF inhibitors in development. 
Notes:. 
Only single-agent clinical trials are shown – clinical trials of RAF inhibitors (vemurafenib, dabrafenib, BMS908662, RAF265, and sorafenib) combined with other systemic therapies are complete or under way;. 
phase I and III clinical trials of single-agent sorafenib were conducted in nonmelanoma solid tumors. 
Abbreviation: NR, not reported. 
Variable BREAK-1 54 BREAK-2 69 BREAK-3 3 BREAK-MB 70. 
Summary of dabrafenib trial results. 
Notes:. 
Number of melanoma patients treated;. 
number of dabrafenib patients treated;. 
investigator-assessed intracranial RR;. 
grade 3 pyrexia or pyrexia defined as a serious adverse event. 
Abbreviations: RR, response rate; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; N/A, not available; cuSCC, cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma; KA, cutaneous keratoacanthoma. 
Toxicity (all grades) Vemurafenib Dabrafenib. 
Comparative toxicities of vemurafenib and dabrafenib. 
Notes:. 
Data from the phase II vemurafenib trial; 60. 
data from the phase II dabrafenib trial; 69. 
only dose reduction data presented. Toxicity data are from phase III clinical trials. 3 , 61 , 62 , 122 Hyperkeratosis and rash have been poorly defined or classified in trials, making comparisons difficult. 
Abbreviations: cuSCC, cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma; KA, cutaneous keratoacanthoma; NR, not reported. 
Vemurafenib 61 , 62 Dabrafenib 3 Trametinib 105 CombiDT (150/2) 106. 
Outcome measures and grade 3/4 toxicities with BRAF and MEK inhibitors. 
Note:. 
cuSCC and KA combined; only vemurafenib has mature outcome data at this stage. 
Abbreviations: CombiDT, combined dabrafenib and trametinib; 150/2, dose of dabrafenib 150 mg BID and trametinib 2 mg daily; RR, response rate (complete + partial response); DCR, disease control rate (complete + partial response + stable disease); PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; NA, not assessable; cuSCC, cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma; KA, cutaneous keratoacanthoma. 
List of 32 acupuncture-specific differentially expressed proteins in asthma onset. 
The 32 acupuncture-specific differentially expressed protein spots in asthma onset can be divided into six different categories according to their expression patterns on 2DE gels (NC: normal control, AS: asthma model, AA: asthma model treated with acupuncture, and NA: normal rats treated with acupuncture). Patterns I and II, proteins that exhibited either increased or decreased levels in AS compared with NC that were restored to normal expression levels by acupuncture; Patterns III and IV, proteins that did not exhibit changed levels in AS compared with NC but did exhibit either increased or decreased levels after acupuncture; Patterns V and VI, proteins that exhibited either increased or decreased levels in AS compared with NC and exhibited similar expression patterns after acupuncture in AA compared with NC. 
aThe spot number from 2DE gel analysis ( Figure 3 ); bthe number of matching peptides (Pept.) and percentage of the total amino acid sequence covered by the peptides (% Seq.Cov) from the mass mapping experiments; cprotein spot 24 is actually the soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE), which corresponds to the extracellular domain of full-length RAGE lacking the cytosolic and transmembrane domains, as revealed by BLAST and verified by western blot analysis; dspot not detected in gels from the NC and NA samples; espot not detected in gels from the NC samples; fspot not detected in gels from the AS samples; gspot not detected in gels from the AA samples; hspot detected only in the AA samples. 
Asymmetric division protein Protein function Phenotype associated with mutation References. 
Key players in asymmetric cell division. 
Cells are colored based on localization. Green denotes basal localization, blue denotes apical localization, and purple indicates nuclear localization. 
Characteristic HGSC (n) LGSC (n). 
Clinical characteristics of the patients. 
HGSC, high-grade serous carcinoma; LGSC, low-grade serous carcinoma. 
Country (Total no. of nodes) USA (7811) CHN (7830) SA (7182). 
Node similarity across population. 
Network No. of interactions Degree diameter Av. Path length. 
Comparison of population networks with HPRD network. 
HPRD had the highest number of interactions. This illustrates that all four population networks are sub-networks within HPRD. 
Clique Enriched GOTerms Processes(p-value) Literature of CRC. 
Common cliques across the four population datasets. 
GO TERM FINDER AND DAVID level 3 (biological processes) were considered for analysis. 
Cliques Country GOTerm, DAVID-level3 Genes Identified in GO Terms. 
Top scored cliques in each population network. 
CliqueStrength of each clique was represented in brackets with respect to the population in which it was identified. 
Population Result of GO TERMFINDER & DAVID level 3 Pathways (p-value). 
Analysis of clique connectivity profile MaxCliques. 
Clinicopathological parameters Benign Malignant. 
Study population characteristics. 
N/A: not applicable;. 
Percentages in parentheses correspond to the number of malignant thyroid cases. 
Clinicopathological characteristics MSH2 expression MLH1 expression MGMT expression Negative/weak (%) Moderate/strong (%) p-value Negative/weak (%) Moderate/ strong (%) p-value Negative/weak (%) Moderate/ strong (%) p-value. 
Associations of MSH2, MLH1 and MGMT expression with patients’ age and gender, type of histopathology (Benign vs Malignant thyroid lesions and Hyperplasic nodules vs Papillary carcinomas) and Ki-67 protein statement in 90 thyroid lesions cases. 
Thyroid lesions N MSH2 expression MLH1 expression MGMT expression Negative/ Weak (%) Moderate/ Strong (%) Negative/ Weak (%) Moderate/ Strong (%) Negative/ Weak (%) Moderate/ Strong (%). 
MSH2, MLH1 and MGMT immunoreactivity in the distinct subgroup of benign and malignant thyroid lesions. 
Clinicopathological Characteristics MSH2 expression MLH1 expression MGMT expression Negative/Weak (%) Moderate/ Strong (%) p-value Negative/Weak (%) Moderate/ Strong (%) p-value Negative/Weak (%) Moderate/ Strong (%) p-value. 
Associations of MSH2, MLH1 and MGMT expression with clinicopathological characteristics in 54 patients with malignant thyroid lesions. 
Tumour type LOH Point mutations Total. 
Contribution of LOH and NF1 micro-lesions to the somatic NF1 mutational spectrum in different types of NF1-associated tumour. 
* Compound heterozygous NF1 mutations were identified in five of six haemopoietic tumours analysed. As no other normal tissues were available in these five cases, it was not possible to distinguish between the associated germline and somatic NF1 mutations. 
Tumour type Tumour showing mitotic recombination (number & percentile) Tumours with genomic deletions (number & percentile). 
Mechanistic basis of the NF1 gene-associated LOH identified in different NF1-associated tumours. 
Tabulated information only given for tumours in which the precise LOH mechanism was identifiable. 
Tumour type Mutation type    Deletion Insertion Indel Nonsense Splice site Missense Truncating Total. 
The spectrum and percentile distribution of somatic NF1 micro-lesions reported in different NF1-associated tumours. 
* Compound heterozygosity of NF1 mutations in several JMML tumours cases meant it was not possible to distinguish between associated germline and somatic NF1 mutations. 
Patient ID Germline mutation Type of germline mutation LOH LOH markers Predicted extent of LOH Evidence for genomic deletion? MLPA/CGHarrayCGH/FISH Probable mechanism No. samples with LOH Reference. 
Summary of germline mutations and loss of heterozygosity (LOH) in NF1-associated tumours. 
CGH, comparative genomic hybridisation; array CGH, high resolution CGH; FS, frame shift; NI, not informative; WG, whole gene; NA, not available; UPD, uniparental disomy; MLPA, multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification; FISH, fluorescent in situ hybridisation. 
Supplementary Table References. 
1. Spurlock, G., Griffiths, S., Uff, J. and Upadhyaya, M. (2007), 'Somatic alterations of the NF1 gene in an NF1 individual with multiple benign tumours (internal and external) and malignant tumour types', Fam. Cancer Vol. 6, pp. 463-471. 
2. De Raedt, T., Maertens, O., Chmara, M., Brems, H. et al. (2006), 'Somatic loss of wild type NF1 allele in neurofibromas: Comparison of NF1 microdeletion and non-microdeletion patients', Genes Chromosomes Cancer Vol. 45, pp. 893-904. 
3. Maertens, O., Brems, H., Vandesompele, J., De Raedt, T. et al. (2006), 'Comprehensive NF1 screening on cultured Schwann cells from neurofi-bromas', Hum. Mutat . Vol. 27, pp. 1030-1040. 
4. Thomas, L., Kluwe, L., Chuzhanova, N., Mautner, V. et al. (2010), 'Analysis of NF1 somatic mutations in cutaneous neurofibromas from patients with high tumor burden', Neurogenetics Vol. 11, pp. 391-400. 
5. Serra, E., Puig, S., Otero, D., Gaona, A. et al. (1997), 'Confirmation of a double-hit model for the NF1 gene in benign neurofibromas', Am. J. Hum. Genet . Vol. 61, pp. 512-519. 
6. Serra, E., Ars, E., Ravella, A., Sánchez, A. et al. (2001), 'Somatic NF1 mutational spectrum in benign neurofibromas: mRNA splice defects are common among point mutations', Hum. Genet . Vol. 108, pp. 416-429. 
7. Serra, E., Rosenbaum, T., Nadal, M., Winner, U. et al. (2001), 'Mitotic recombination effects homozygosity for NF1 germline mutations in neu-rofibromas', Nat. Genet . Vol. 28, pp. 294-296. 
8. Eisenbarth, I., Beyer, K., Krone, W. and Assum, G. (2000), 'Toward a survey of somatic mutation of the NF1 gene in benign neurofibromas of patients with neurofibromatosis type 1', Am. J. Hum. Genet . Vol. 66, pp. 393-401. 
9. Rasmussen, S., Overman, J., Thomson, S., Colman, S. et al. (2000), 'Chromosome 17 loss-of-heterozygosity studies in benign and malignant tumors in neurofibromatosis type 1', Genes Chromosomes Cancer Vol. 28, pp. 425-431. 
10. Upadhyaya, M., Spurlock, G., Monem, B., Thomas, N. et al. (2008), 'Germline and somatic NF1 gene mutations in plexiform neurofibromas', Hum. Mutat . Vol. 29, pp. E103-E111. 
11. Steinmann, K., Kluwe, L., Friedrich, R., Mautner, V. et al. (2009), 'Mechanisms of loss of heterozygosity in neurofibromatosis type 1-associated plexiform neurofibromas', J. Invest. Dermatol . Vol. 129, pp. 615-621. 
12. Däschner, K., Assum, G., Eisenbarth, I., Krone, W. et al. (1997), 'Clonal origin of tumor cells in a plexiform neurofibroma with LOH in NF1 intron 38 and in dermal neurofibromas without LOH of the NF1 gene', Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun . Vol. 234, pp. 346-350. 
13. Frahm, S., Mautner, V., Brems, H., Legius, E. et al. (2004), 'Genetic and phenotypic characterization of tumor cells derived from malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors of neurofibromatosis type 1 patients', Neurobiol. Dis . Vol. 16, pp. 85-91. 
14. Kluwe, L., Friedrich, R. and Mautner, V. (1999), 'Allelic loss of the NF1 gene in NF1-associated plexiform neurofibromas', Cancer Genet. Cytogenet . Vol. 113, pp. 65-69. 
15. De Luca, A., Buccino, A., Gianni, D., Mangino, M. et al. (2003), 'NF1 gene analysis based on DHPLC', Hum. Mutat . Vol. 21, pp. 171-172. 
16. Upadhyaya, M., Spurlock, G., Kluwe, L., Chuzhanova, N. et al. (2009), 'The spectrum of somatic and germline NF1 mutations in NF1 patients with spinal neurofibromas', Neurogenetics Vol. 10, pp. 251-263. 
17. Upadhyaya, M., Kluwe, L., Spurlock, G., Monem, B. et al. (2008), 'Germline and somatic NF1 gene mutation spectrum in NF1-associated malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors (MPNSTs)', Hum. Mutat . Vol. 29, pp. 74-82. 
18. Bottillo, I., Ahlquist, T., Brekke, H., Danielsen, S. et al. (2009), 'Germline and somatic NF1 mutations in sporadic and NF1-associated malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumours', J. Pathol . Vol. 217, pp. 693-701. 
19. Skuse, G., Kosciolek, B. and Rowley, P. (1989), 'Molecular genetic analysis of tumors in von Recklinghausen neurofibromatosis: Loss of het-erozygosity for chromosome 17', Genes Chromosomes Cancer Vol. 1, pp. 36-41. 
20. Menon, A., Anderson, K., Riccardi, V., Chung, R. et al. (1990), 'Chromosome 17p deletions and p53 gene mutations associated with the formation of malignant neurofibrosarcomas in von Recklinghausen neu-rofibromatosis', Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA Vol. 87, pp. 5435-5439. 
21. Glover, T., Stein, C., Legius, E., Andersen, L. et al. (1991), 'Molecular and cytogenetic analysis of tumors in von Recklinghausen neurofibroma-tosis', Genes Chromosomes Cancer Vol. 3, pp. 62-70. 
22. Xu, W., Mulligan, L.M., Ponder, M.A., Liu, L. et al. (1992), 'Loss of NF1 alleles in phaeochromocytomas from patients with type I neurofi-bromatosis', Genes Chromosomes Cancer Vol. 4, pp. 337-342. 
23. Legius, E., Marchuk, D., Collins, F. and Glover, T. (1993), 'Somatic deletion of the neurofibromatosis type 1 gene in a neurofibrosarcoma supports a tumour suppressor gene hypothesis', Nat. Genet . Vol. 3, pp. 122-126. 
24. Lothe, R., Slettan, A., Saeter, G., Brøgger, A. et al. (1995), 'Alterations at chromosome 17 loci in peripheral nerve sheath tumors', J. Neuropathol. Exp. Neurol . Vol. 54, pp. 65-73. 
25. Upadhyaya, M., Han, S., Consoli, C., Majounie, E. et al. (2004), 'Characterization of the somatic mutational spectrum of the neurofibro-matosis type 1 (NF1) gene in neurofibromatosis patients with benign and malignant tumors', Hum. Mutat . Vol. 23, pp. 134-146. 
26. Gutmann, D., Donahoe, J., Brown, T., James, C. et al. (2000), 'Loss of neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) gene expression in NF1-associated pilocytic astrocytomas', Neuropathol. Appl. Neurobiol . Vol. 26, pp. 361-367. 
27. Kluwe, L., Hagel, C., Tatagiba, M., Thomas, S. et al. (2001), 'Loss of NF1 alleles distinguish sporadic from NF1-associated pilocytic astrocyto-mas', J. Neuropathol. Exp. Neurol . Vol. 60, pp. 917-920. 
28. Gutmann, D., James, C., Poyhonen, M., Louis, D. et al. (2003), 'Molecular analysis of astrocytomas presenting after age 10 in individuals with NF1', Neurology Vol. 61, pp. 1397-1400. 
29. Stewart, W., Traynor, J.P., Cooke, A., Griffiths, S. et al. (2007), 'Gastric carcinoid: Germline and somatic mutation of the neurofibromatosis type 1 Gene', Fam. Cancer Vol. 6, pp. 147-152. 
30. Stewart, D., Corless, C., Rubin, B., Heinrich, M. et al. (2007), 'Mitotic recombination as evidence of alternative pathogenesis of gastrointestinal stromal tumours in neurofibromatosis type 1', J. Med. Genet . Vol. 44, p. e61. 
31. Flotho, C., Steinemann, D., Mullighan, C., Neale, G. et al. (2007), 'Genome-wide single-nucleotide polymorphism analysis in juvenile mye-lomonocytic leukemia identifies uniparental disomy surrounding the NF1 locus in cases associated with neurofibromatosis but not in cases with mutant RAS or PTPN11', Oncogene Vol. 26, pp. 5816-5821. 
32. Stephens, K., Weaver, M., Leppig, K., Maruyama, K. et al. (2006), 'Interstitial uniparental isodisomy at clustered breakpoint intervals is a frequent mechanism of NF1 inactivation in myeloid malignancies', Blood Vol. 108, pp. 1684-1689. 
33. Steinemann, D., Arning, L., Praulich, I., Stuhrmann, M. et al. (2010), 'Mitotic recombination and compound-heterozygous mutations are predominant NF1-inactivating mechanisms in children with juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia and neurofibromatosis type 1', Haematologica Vol. 95, pp. 320-323. 
34. Gutmann, D.H., Cole, J.L., Stone, W.J., Ponder, B.A. et al. (1994), 'Loss of neurofibromin in adrenal gland tumors from patients with neurofibro-matosis type I', Genes Chromosomes Cancer Vol. 10, pp. 55-58. 
35. Bausch, B., Borozdin, W., Mautner, V.F., Hoffmann, M.M. et al. (2007), 'Germline NF1 mutational spectra and loss-of-heterozygosity analyses in patients with pheochromocytoma and neurofibromatosis type 1', J. Clin. Endocrinol. Metab . Vol. 92, pp. 2784-2792. 
36. Brems, H., Park, C., Maertens, O., Pemov, A. et al. (2009), 'Glomus tumors in neurofibromatosis type 1: Genetic, functional, and clinical evidence of a novel association', Cancer Res . Vol. 69, pp. 7393-7401. 
37. Wiest, V., Eisenbarth, I., Schmegner, C., Krone, W. et al. (2003), 'Somatic NF1 mutation spectra in a family with neurofibromatosis type 1: Toward a theory of genetic modifiers', Hum. Mutat . Vol. 22, pp. 423-427. 
38. Sawada, S., Florell, S., Purandare, S., Ota, M. et al. (1996), 'Identification of NF1 mutations in both alleles of a dermal neurofibroma', Nat. Genet . Vol. 14, pp. 110-112. 
39. John, A., Ruggieri, M., Ferner, R. and Upadhyaya, M. (2000), 'A search for evidence of somatic mutations in the NF1 gene', J. Med. Genet . Vol. 37, pp. 44-49. 
Patient ID Germline point mutation Type of germline mutation Somatic point mutation Effect of somatic mutation Source. 
Summary of germline and somatic point mutations in NF1-associated tumours. 
FS, frame shift; NI, no information; R, recurrent. 
Gene Amplicon Primer sequence Amplicon size (bp) Annealing temperature (°C). 
Primer sequences used for the mutational analysis of ?-catenin and APC genes in the Wnt pathway. 
Gene Amplicon Primer sequence Amplicon size (bp) Annealing temperature (°C). 
Primer sequences used for hypermethylation analysis of the promoter region of the APC gene. 
Variable Total n = 86 Mutantsa n = 11 (12.79%) Methylatedb n = 47 (54.65%) p valuec. 
Clinico-epidemiological variables of the 86 CRC patients versus 47 hypermethylated phenotypes of APC (1A and 1B promoter) gene. 
aOther than G > A transition at codon 1492 of APC . 
bEither 1A or 1B promoter hypermethylation. 
cFisher's two-tailed test for hypermethylation status of APC . 
Patient ID Mutationa Amino acid change Affected codon Effect. 
Nature of APC mutation cluster region mutations in 11 CRC patients from the Kashmir valley. 
aMutated, deleted or inserted nucleotide underlined. 
bXX refers to any general tumour sample. 
Abbreviations: MS, missense mutation; NS, nonsense mutation; S, silent mutation; FS, Frameshift mutation. 
APC codon 1492 status Cases ( n = 86). 
Codon 1492 status of APC gene in 86 colorectal carcinoma cases in Kashmiri population. 
Patient ID Mutationa Amino acid change Affected codon Effect. 
Nature of ?-catenin gene in seven colorectal cancer patients from the Kashmir valley. 
aMutated, deleted or inserted nucleotide underlined. 
Abbreviations: MS, missense mutation; NS, nonsense mutation. 
APC promoter status Cases ( n = 86). 
APC gene methylation status in 86 CRC cases in the Kashmiri population. 
APC status OR; 95% CI; p value. 
Correlation of APC mutation status versus APC methylation status. 
aOther than G > A transition at codon 1492. 
bEither 1A or 1B promoter hypermethylation. 
Abbreviations: OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
Physiologic and metabolic parameters of mice. 
Trait Source df a MS b F P-value ? 2 c. 
Analysis of Variance of the mitochondrial traits for the 40 DGRP core lines. 
a Degrees of freedom. b Mean Squares computed from Type III Sums of Squares. c Restricted maximum likelihood estimates of variance component. 
  BW a GLY TAG GLYC MR LC FT CL SR CC LS. 
Phenotypic correlations between energy metabolism and life-history traits averaged across sexes (A), for females (B), and for males (C). 
aPearson correlation coefficients. ST3, mitochondrial State 3 respiration; ST4, mitochondrial State 4 respiration; BW, body weight; GLY, glycogen; TAG, triacylglycerol; GLYC, glycerol; MR, metabolic rate; LC, Locomotion; FT, competitive fitness; CL, copulation latency; SR, starvation resistance; CC, chill-coma recovery; LS, lifespan. * P ?0.05; ** P ?0.01. 
Trait Analysis Variable SNP Location Estimate t P -value. 
Multiple regression predictive models (A) and analyses of variance of haplotypes (B). 
Markers are listed in the order in which they are entered in the model. Estimates of effects are for (Minor allele – Major allele). ST3, mitochondrial State 3 respiration; ST4, mitochondrial State 4 respiration. In, intronic; cds, coding sequence; #, missense; u3, 3’ UTR. a Degrees of freedom. b Mean Squares computed from Type III Sums of Squares. c Restricted maximum likelihood estimates of variance component . * ? 2 multiplied by 103. 
Top 18 Th0 specific genes Top 49 Th1 specific genes Top 50 Th2 specific genes Affymetrix probe ID Gene symbol P(“Th0 specific”) Affymetrix probe ID Gene symbol P(“Th1 specific”) Affymetrix probe ID Gene symbol P(“Th2 specific”). 
Differentially expressed genes in T cells polarized towards the Th0, Th1 and Th2 subsets. 
Probe sets that fulfill the two-fold change criterion are marked based on the direction of the expression (+ denotes up-regulation and - denotes down-regulation) in the given condition. For example, IFN? expression is enhanced in Th1 compared to Th0 and Th2, whereas expression of SLC27A2 is decreased in Th2 compared to Th0 and Th1. In addition, probe sets that do not fulfill the fold change criterion are marked in the lists with “<2”. All genes from Th0 and Th1 conditions as well as the top 50 of the Th2 specific genes are shown. 
Affymetrix probe ID Gene symbol Functional annotation* Known characteristics in CD4+ T helper cells. 
The genes whose expression time-courses differ between all the lineages. 
Probe sets that fulfill the two-fold change criterion are marked with the + and - signs following the gene symbols based on the direction of the expression where + denotes up-regulation and - denotes down-regulation of Th1 specific genes. In addition, probe sets that do not fulfill the fold change criterion are marked in the lists with “<2”. The known associations of genes in Th cell functions or subset specific gene expressions are listed in the table. * ) Annotation based on Ingenuity Pathway Analysis ® by Ingenuity Systems. NR, not reported. 
Parameter n a Upstream > Downstream b Upstream < Downstream c P. 
Paired tests comparing upstream genes with their downstream targets. 
*, P <0.05; **, P <0.01, ***, P <0.001. 
aNumber of genes with at least one direct downstream target (out-degree>0). Only genes with available information for the parameter of interest were considered. 
bNumber of genes with a higher value than the central value of its downstream targets. 
cNumber of genes with a lower value than the central value of its downstream targets. 
Parameter Upstream Downstream P n Median Average n Median Average. 
Comparison of genes occupying extreme upstream and downstream positions in the signaling network. 
P -values were obtained from the Mann–Whitney U test. *, P ?<?0.05. 
?Variable 1 Variable 2 n ? P. 
Bivariate correlations between parameters of interest and measures of hierarchical positions of genes in the network. 
*, P ?<?0.05; ***, P ?<?0.001. 
Variable 1 ?Variable 2 ? P. 
Correlates of evolutionary rates. 
**, P <0.01, ***, P <0.001. 
Clone n° Substitutions (and their score in the Blosum62 matrix). 
Distribution of substitutions in the mutated RicA clones interacting with Rab2 in a Y2H assay. 
Clones 27 and 30 did not contain substitutions. Clones 1 and 12 contained the same substitutions.'. 
Clone n° X 70 G X 72 P sequence Y2H assay with Rab2. 
Sequenced IGFP replacements that disrupted (clones 1 to 12) or not (clones 13 to 15) RicA-Rab2 interaction. 
The * indicates a stop codon. His- and His+ refer to the phenotype generated by the HIS3 reporter, and LacZ- and LacZ+ to the phenotype generated by the lacZ reporter. 
Constructs % of cytoplasmic small aggregates % of perinuclear aggregates. 
Numbers in the table represent the mean ± standard deviation. 
Cells were co-transfected with HcRed-synphilin-1, FLAG-kalirin-7 and RhoG F37A/Rac1 T17N/Rheb D60K (dominant negative RhoG/Rac1/Rheb constructs). 
Cells were co-transfected with HcRed-synphilin-1 and an inactivated GEF domain of kalirin-7. 
Process/Pathway Database number of genes (expected number) P-value. 
P-value adjusted for multiple testing using the Bonferroni method. 
Accession Gene Name Fold Change Total mRNAin NMuMG Fold Induction Polysomal mRNAin NMuMG Fold ChangeTotal mRNAin E1KD Fold Induction Polysomal mRNAin E1KD Fold Change in hnRNP E1 binding. 
Despite minor changes in total RNA levels, the target mRNAs display a >5 fold increase in polyribosome association in NMuMG cells post TGF? treatment compared to E1KD cells where the target mRNAs display constitutive translational activation. Target mRNAs display a decrease in temporal association with hnRNP E1 following TGF? stimulation for 24 hr. 
Scaffold Comments. 
Overview of scaffolds for MAPK signaling in mammalian cells and their functions and locations . 
X-ray data collection and structure determination. 
R work and R free were calculated from working and test set reflections. 
a Values in parentheses account for the highest resolution shell. 
b R merge = ?| I o ? I | /? I o . 
c R p.i.m. = ?hkl[1/ N ? 1]1/2? i | I i (hkl) ? I(hkl) |/?hkl? iI i (hkl). 
Protein domain Binding curve fit Scatchard analysis. 
Affinity for Ins(3,4,5)P 3 in HEPES buffer, K D values in ? m. 
See Fig. 5 for data relating to this table. Note the agreement between binding curve and Scatchard analyses. 
Protein domain Ins(3,4,5)P3 binding curve fit Ins(3,4,5)P3 Scatchard Ins(3,5)P2 Binding curve fit. 
Affinity for Ins(3,5)P 2 and Ins(3,4,5)P 3 in PBS, K D values in ? m. 
See Fig. 5 for data relating to this Table. Note the agreement between binding curve and Scatchard analyses. 
Down-regulated genes Up-regulated genes. 
Genes identified as differentially expressed by microarray analysis in the IL mPFC of rats submitted to sub-chronic restraint stress when compared to non-stress control (p?0.05; 1.2 fold-change cut-off). 
KEGG pathway pvalue* Fold Enrichment Benjamini FDR Genes. 
Over-represented KEGG pathways in the ILmPFC, 24h post stress according to DAVID. 
* = p < 0.05 FDR = false discovery rate. 
Gene ID Symbol Sense (5 ?- 3 ? ) Antisense (5 ?- 3 ? ) Amplicon size (bp). 
Primers used for validation of stress-responsive genes by RT-qPCR. 
Compound Absorbance maximum (?max), nm Emission maximum (?em), nm  Ethanol Acetonitrile Hexane Water Ethanol Acetonitrile Hexane Water. 
Category Mature sequence Length Known miRNA Mature sequence Length. 
Compounds active in the fascin bioassay. 
Gene name – species Cellular function Associated disease Molecular characteristics Vertebrate Fly Worm . 
Genes regulating spindle orientation and mutated in diseases. 
In many cases genes mutated in these pathologies control spindle orientation at the cellular level. ACD, asymmetric cell division. 
The function of the genes has not been characterized. 
Construct Primer Sequence 5??3?. 
GENES UPREGULATION DOWNREGULATION  >2-fold >5-fold >10-fold >2-fold >5-fold >10-fold. 
Analysis is based on log10 transformed data for all tissue types and time points. Each regulation category represents the entire, inclusive data set with percent values derived from dividing the number of genes in each category by the total 1,860 genes represented on the array. Selected differentially expressed genes correlate to the subset of genes and/or gene families that are specifically discussed in the text. 
GeneS TissueS  Forelimb Hindlimb Tail S. Cord Brain Heart. 
Select annotated genes with differential expression during early regeneration were grouped according to their primary in vivo function. Upregulation for at least one time point in the designated tissue is indicated by ? (?2-fold), ? (?5-fold), and ? (?10-fold). Downregulation for at least one time point in the designated tissue is indicated by ? (?2-fold), ? (?5-fold), and ?(?10-fold). Up- and down-ward arrowheads in a given tissue column for the same gene indicate changes in expression direction over the investigated time course. 
GO Term EASE Score Associated Genes. 
DAVID bioinformatics software was utilized to perform gene ontology (GO) term enrichment analysis for those annotated genes that exhibited ?5-fold upregulation in at least one tissue type for at least one time point during the early regenerative response. Shown are the top 15 most significantly enriched, non-redundant GO_FAT terms associated with those genes. Terms are sorted by the EASE score, which represents a modified, more stringent Fisher Exact P-value. EASE scores ?0.01 were considered significant. 
GO Term EASE Score Associated Genes. 
DAVID bioinformatics software was utilized to perform gene ontology (GO) term enrichment analysis for those annotated genes that exhibited ?5-fold downregulation in at least one tissue type for at least one time point during the early regenerative response. Shown are the top 15 most significantly enriched, non-redundant GO_FAT terms associated with those genes. Terms are sorted by the EASE score, which represents a modified, more stringent Fisher Exact P-value. EASE scores ?0.01 were considered significant. 
Factor/molecule Functional role Role in dendrite morphogenesis Components of pathway References. 
Summary of molecules regulating dendritic morphogenesis . 
Production of anti-dsDNA and deposition of IgG in renal glomeruli in CpG-DNA treated Carabin ?/? and B-cell specific Carabin ?/? mice. 
Eight to ten-week-old mice of the indicated genotypes were treated with 40 µg of CpG-DNA intraperitoneally every other day for 2 weeks. Left: serum was collected before treatment (day 0), and at day 14, 28, 49 after the first injection. Anti-dsDNA IgG titers were determined by ELISA. The percentages of mice presenting an anti-dsDNA titer inferior to 40 and superior to 40 are represented in each group. Results obtained at day 14, 28 and 49 were identical. Middle and Right: immunofluorescent analyses of glomerular deposition of IgG (middle) and C3 (Right) after CpG-DNA treatment. Mice were analyzed 6 weeks after start of treatment. The intensity of renal IgG and C3 deposits was scored. The percentages of mice presenting a score of 0/+ and a score of ++ (for IgG) or ++/+++ (for C3) are represented in each group. * p < 0.05, Fisher exact's test. 
Positivity (%) Range (pg/ml) Mean concentration (pg/ml) P value ( vs. benign meningioma). 
M1 M2 M3 M4 M5. 
R2HBJJ (µM) ACh (µM)  0 1 10 100. 
Two-way ANOVA was used to compare the interaction of two treatment factors. Post-hoc analyses were performed with Bonferroni's tests. 
P <0.01, compared with the cells treated with 10 µM R2HBJJ alone. 
P <0.05,. 
P <0.01, compared with the cells treated with 20 µM R2HBJJ alone. 
Gene Primers Length (bp). 
characteristic SLE patients healthy controls. 
Pathway Gene count P value. 
transcript fold change description . 
Table 1 . mRNA transcripts significantly changed 36 h after adenoviral infection of HUVEC with DLL1-ICD, DLL4-ICD or JAG1-ICD. Adenoviral GFP expression served as control. 
Experimental design of the current study. 
Preventive and therapeutic effect of DPE on NMU induced chromosomal aberrations (CAs) in mouse bone marrow cells. 
Preventive and therapeutic effect of DPE on NMU induced Micronucleated polychromatic erythrocytes (MNPCE) in mouse bone marrow cells. 
Preventive and therapeutic effect of DPE on NMU induced genomic DNA fragmentation in mouse hepatocytes. 
Post-translational modifiers in PML-NBs . 
A comprehensive list of PTM-regulating proteins and enzymes contained in PML-NBs. Based on a published and manually curated network of the PML-NB interactome (Van Damme et al., 2010 ) and an updated literature review the PTM-regulating proteins are grouped according to the type of protein modification. 
Phosphorylation site Kinase PML domain Biological effect Conserved in mouse. 
List of PML phosphorylation sites retrieved from published literature and the public PhosphoSitePlus © database . 
The list also indicates the involved kinases, evolutionary conservation to mouse and the modified domain. Enhanced and diminished biological functions are indicated by + and ?. The numbering of amino acids refers to full-length human PML-I. 
Name Technique Residues Reference Website. 
Bioinformatics tools used for prediction. 
Techniques: ANN : Artificial neural network; LR : Logistic regression; SVM : Support vector machine;. 
PSSM : Position-specific scoring matrix; BP : Bayesian probability; GA: Genetic algorithm. 
Conserved residues NetPhos 2.0 DISPHOS 1.3 PPRED Phos3D NetSurfP 1.1 NetPhosK 1.0 KinasePhos PPSP GPS 2.1 YinOYang 1.2. 
Phosphorylation prediction on HBx. 
Netphos: threshold > 0.5; DISPHOS: threshold >0.5; PPRED, Phos3D: parameters as default; NetSufP: E: exposed surface;. 
B : buried surface; O-?-GlcNAc: threshold as default. 
Hallmark Candidate agent Description References. 
Candidate small-molecule compounds targeting hallmarks in multiple myeloma. 
CCR1, chemokine (c-c motif) receptor-1; IKK?, IKB kinase ?; IL-2, interleukin-2; IMiDs, immunomodulatory drugs; NF?B, nuclear factor ?B; PARP, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Classification Candidate agent Description References. 
Functionally multitargeting agents in multiple myeloma. 
HDAC, histone deacetylase; HSP, heat shock protein; IMiDs, immunomodulatory drugs; LPAAT?, lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase ?. 
Gene Chromosomal location Function References. 
Genes epigenetically silenced in multiple myeloma. 
    Gefitinib N?=?28 Erlotinib N?=?31. 
Selected patient and tumor characteristics. 
    Total Gefitinib Erlotinib     N % N % N %. 
Biomarker evaluation in total population and according to treatment. 
  Age Gender Histology Smoking status Treatment Line cMET (IHC) EGFR (HIRSCH) EGFR (FISH) MET (FISH) D7S486 (FISH) Best Response PFS (months) Survival (months). 
Selected clinicopathological characteristics, gene profiling and survival data for patients harboring EGFR mutations. 
ND: not done; NE: non-evaluable. 
    Response     Disease control Disease progression p-value     N (%) N (%)  . 
Association of disease control rate (DCR) with examined biomarkers. 
Name Website Description. 
Sources of information on environmental carcinogens associated with lung cancer. 
CNA * at Locus Carcinogen References. 
Genetic alterations occurring in environmentally induced lung cancer. 
* CNA?=?copy number alteration. 
** Sequence mutation. 
References include both smokers and non smokers except if indicated (S: smokers only, CL: Cell Lines, R: rat). 
Type of alteration Carcinogen Gene References. 
Epigenetic alterations occurring in environmentally induced lung cancer. 
Studies concern both smokers and non smokers except if indicated (S: smokers only, CL: Cell Lines). 
Tumor-ID Age/Gender Tumor location TNM-Stage Tumor type Molecular type ?-Catenin translocation MLH1IHC Corresponding xenograft Direct cell line establishment Cell line from xenograft Paired B-LCL. 
m – male, f – female, spMMR-D – sporadic mismatch repair deficient, HNPCC – hereditary non-polyposis colorectal carcinoma, B-LCL – B lymphoid cell line,+– positive, ? – negative; IHC – immunohistochemistry; n.d. – not done. 
Cell line (HROC.) Mutation MMR-D status  p53 APC K-Ras B-Raf BAT25 BAT26 CAT26 D5S346 D17S250 D2S123  ex 5 ex 6 ex 7 ex 8 ex 15 cd 12 cd13 V600E      . 
wt – wildtype, mut – mutated, ex – exon, cd – codon. 
Cell line DNA-methylation  MLH1 CDKN2A NEUROG1 CRABP1 CACNA1G MGMT. 
+ – methylated; ? – not methylated. 
Antigen HROC24P HROC87X HROC113P. 
Data are given from one representative experiment out of four replicates. 
Cell line IC50 value  irinotecan [µM] cisplatin [µg/ml] 5-FU [µg/ml] paclitaxel [µM] gemcitabine [µg/ml]. 
Values are given as mean, resulting from at least three independent experiments each performed in triplicates. 
Characteristic N (%) EZH2-dCt_Normal EZH2-dCt_Tumor EZH2-fold change   median (range) P median (range) P median (range) P. 
GAPDH normalized EZH2 expression in tumor or adjacent normal lung tissue were represented by dCt_Tumor and dCt_Normal respectively. Higher resulted in smaller dCt value. EZH2-fold change represent expression change in tumor relative to normal lung tissue. 
These p value were from male vs female. 
These p value were from adenocarcinoma vs the others combined. 
These p values were from no metastasis vs all the other with metastasis. 
Covariate Hazard Ratio 95% CI P value. 
Treatment CDDP OHP ADR 5-FU BCNU. 
Text in bold indicates the repair activities significantly inhibited. 
Text in italics indicates the repair activities significantly stimulated. 
For the two clusters composed of three cell lines, the Wilcoxon test was used to investigate if repair toward the different lesions was either stimulated or inhibited. Results with P value<0.05 (noted **) or <0.1 (noted *) are reported. For RPMI-8226 cluster, as only two data by treatment and lesion type were available, repair was considered either stimulated (positive value) or inhibited (negative value) when |mean|>3×standard error. For each cluster and treatment, lesions exhibiting significant repair inhibition after treatment were displayed in bold, and lesions exhibiting significant repair stimulation after treatment were displayed in italics. 
Gene name Nucleotide sequence (5??3?) sense/anti-sense Annealing temperature (°C) Product size (bp) PCR cycles. 
In the table, hARF1 indicates human ARF1. GAPDH indicates human/mouse GAPDH primer. 
  ????Trop-2 protein expression     Variable n Score?1 n (%) Score=2 n (%) Score=3 n(%) p value*. 
Clinical and pathologic characteristics of 118 endometrioid endometrial cancer patients and their association to Trop-2 protein expression. 
* Exact Wilcoxon-Mann–Whitney test. 
$ Non-parametric ANOVA. 
Unknown values were considered as missing and therefore excluded from the statistical analysis. 
  OS DFS PFS Variables N=97 HR 95%CI p N=93 HR 95%CI p N=97 HR 95%CI p. 
Univariate and multivariate analyses of OS, DFS and PFS in relation to clinical parameters and Trop-2 protein expression. 
*Because of the small number of events (deaths and progressions) in the G1 EEC category, the confidence interval was not reliable. 
LINE-1 methylation level (%). 
LINE-1 methylation level in the primary tumor and in synchronous metastases of CRC. 
The LINE-1 methylation level at the primary tumor site is the mean value of assay results from multiple areas including the tumor center and invasion front. 
NA, samples were not available or no metastasis was found at the indicated site. 
    n LINE-1 methylation p-value. 
Associations between LINE-1 methylation in primary CRC and clinicopathological features. 
n, number of patients. 
LINE-1 methylation levels are shown as the median (25th percentile – 75th percentile). 
Histology of adenocarcinoma was sub-classified into well- and moderately-differentiated adenocarcinoma according to their grading. 
TNM factors and stage were defined according to the International Union Against Cancer (UICC) TNM system. 
Factor 1960–1989 1990–2008 1960–2008 Men Women Men Women Men Women r ?? ( P value) r ?? ( P value) r ( P value) r ? ( P value) r ?? ( P value) r ?? ( P value). 
Correlations between dietary factors and pancreatic cancer morbidity rates, 1960–1989, 1990–2008, 1960–2008, by sex. 
DUB Neuronal localization and function References. 
Summary of DUBs at the synapse. 
Abbreviations: PD: Parkinson's Disease; AD: Alzheimer's Disease; gad: gracile axonal dystrophy; PSD: postsynaptic density. 
Name Size/genes Effects in host cell Reference. 
Major H. pylori virulence factors and their functions. 
CagA cytotoxin-associated antigen A; cagPAI cag -pathogenicity island; VacA vacuolating cytotoxin; PGN peptidoglycan; OMPs outer membrane proteins. 
Name Location Function Reference. 
Gastric stem and progenitor cell markers. 
Lgr5 leucine-rich repeat-containing G protein-coupled receptor5 (Lgr5); Villin-promoter Villin-promoter marked stem cells; Tff2 mRNA , Trifold factor 2 mRNA marked stem cells; Mist1 (BHLHA15) , basic helix-loop-helix family, member a15. 
Name Location Self-renewal Xenograft Reference. 
Putative gastric stem cell and cancer stem cell markers. 
CD Cluster of differentiation; n/t not tested; pSmad2/3L-Thr Smad2/3 phosphorylated at specific linker threonine. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Antibody name Supplier Product number Dilution. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse Primer. 
Gene Name Fold Change P value. 
Transcription factors are indicated in bold. 
Hybridization # Hybridized Templates Target genes. 
For each primary sample four hybridizations were carried out. IgG-enriched DNA was paired with input-DNA and ERG-enriched with input-DNA. DNA-mixtures were hybridized to a promoter chip array. Thus, genes identified as enriched in the IgG/input hybridizations (hybridization 1 and 2) were treated as unspecifically enriched genes and those identified in the ERG/input hybridizations (hybridization 3 and 4) were regarded as ERG-enriched genes. Finally, only those genes that were enriched in hybridization 3 and 4 only were regarded as putative ERG target genes. 
AML A AML B AML C AML D AML E T-ALL nBM HL60. 
Displayed are 8 ChIP-chip samples with the ERG mRNA expression measured by quantitative real-time PCR as well as the number of significantly enriched single genes, identified by ChIP-chip using BRB Array Tools (fold enrichment >1.25, p<0.05), for primary AML samples (AML A through AML E), for T-ALL (T-ALL), a normal bone marrow sample (nBM) and the cell line HL60. 
ChIP Significantly enriched motifs P-Value. 
The table represents significantly enriched transcription factor binding motifs, with the P-Value and the Bonferroni P-Value. Gene lists from ChIP-chip analyses were analyzed for enrichment of transcription factor binding sites (motifs) using Pscan [22] . The analysis of promoters of enriched genes showed an enrichment of the ETS binding motif GGAA/T in the primary samples for the region ?950 to +50 bp with regard to the transcription start site (TSS). AML B and the HL60 negative control were not enriched for ETS binding motifs. Furthermore, AML D and T-ALL showed an additional enrichment for further TF binding motifs. 
Genes   Oligonucleotide sequences (5²-3²) AT a Cycles Amplicon size (bp) Reference. 
Conditions of PCR reactions: oligonucleotide sequences, annealing temperatures, number of cycles of the reactions, and amplicon size. 
ª Annealing Temperature. 
b Designed by authors. 
  Controls Patients. 
Characteristics of the individuals included in this study (% of the total of patients). 
*Number of patients may vary due to missing data. 
G2361A EGFR polymorphism Patients Controls. 
Genotype frequencies of EGFR polymorphism G2607A in ESCC patients and control group. 
Trial ClinicalTrials . gov identifier. 
Recent and ongoing phase 3 trials of antiangiogenic agents for the treatment of mCRC. 
*Note that there are additional phase 3 studies of bevacizumab for the treatment of mCRC. 
TKIs = tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
miRNA Change in expression in MPNSTs Tumour suppressor or oncogene role Reference. 
Functionally characterised miRNAs identified in NF1 - MPNSTs. 
p-value all (n?=?223) 1 (n?=?76) 2A (n?=?37) 2B (n?=?43) cell lines (n?=?33). 
significant p-value (p<0.05). 
“all” includes also unclassified tumor samples (n?=?34). 
chromosome start deletion end deletion gene t-test (MNA vs MNSC) lower in MNA Nr of miRNAs with ?7meR seeds and negative correlation Nr of miRNAs with seeds and negative correlation SHEP Tet21- N-MYC SHEP-TR- miR-17-92. 
homozygous deletions. 
NC: not conclusive. 
NA: no data available. 
WT RenTgMK+/? RenTgMK+/+ P value. 
Serum metabolic markers in male wild-type and RenTgMK mice . 
Values are means?±?SE. Animals were 21?weeks old. Initial body weight measurements were taken at 10?weeks. Blood was collected after fasting overnight and metabolic parameters were measured from serum. n ?=?6 For WT; n ?=?5 for RenTgMK +/?; n ?=?4 for RenTgMK +/+. C-peptide, connecting peptide; FFA, free fatty acid . 
Means in a row with superscripts without a common letter differ, P ?<?0.05 . 
Numbers in bold indicate a significance of P<0.05 . 
WT RenTgMK+/? P value. 
Metabolic characteristics and accumulation of [2- 3H]DG during the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp experiments in male wild-type and RenTgMK +/? mice . 
Values are means?±?SE. Animals were approximately 9?months old. n ?=?8–9 For WT; n ?=?7 for RenTgMK +/?. GTR, glucose turnover rate; endoGTR, endogenous glucose turnover rate; GIR, glucose infusion rate; [2- 3H]DG, 2-deoxy-[ 3H]glucose; Gastro, gastrocnemius; Vastus l., vastus lateralis; WAT, white adipose tissue . 
WT RenTgMK+/? P value  LF HF LF HF Geno Diet Geno X diet. 
Effects of high-fat diet on body weight and metabolic characteristics in male wild-type and RenTgMK +/? mice . 
Values are means?±?SE. Animals were fed a high-fat or low-fat diet for 19?weeks. Initial body weight measurements were taken at the beginning of the study. Mice were 3–5?months old. Blood was collected after fasting overnight and metabolic parameters were measured from serum. n ?=?3 For each group. LF, low-fat; HF, high-fat; MCP-1, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1; PAI-1, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; C-peptide, connecting peptide; FFA, free fatty acid . 
Means in a row with superscripts without a common letter differ, P ?<?0.05 . 
Numbers in bold indicate a significance of P<0.05 . 
Target Forward Primer Reverse Primer Temp. Cyc. 
Gene EX (lsd kd) Fold increase AccessionNo. Full Name/Brief description. 
Increase in mRNA levels of Gfi1b and Meis1 (fold increase) in LSD1 depleted MEL cells relative to controls. 
Recurrence tamoxifen versus no tamoxifen Decrease in absolute risk at 15 years (%) NNTT at 15 years HR (95 % CI) P P interactiona. 
Percent decrease with tamoxifen treatment in absolute risk at 15 years and numbers needed to treat (NNTT) to prevent one recurrence. 
Cox proportional hazard analysis of the benefit from tamoxifen in patients with ER-positive tumors in relation to p-mTOR-s2488 expression, p-Akt-s473 nuclear expression, p-ER-s167, p-ER-s167, and/or p-ER-s305 (p-ER), and biomarkers in combination. Significant P values are shown in bold. 
* Test for trend. 
aAdjusted for established prognostic factors; size and HER2-status. 
Primers used for the PCR amplifications. 
The sense primer is listed first and the antisense primer second. 
PCR, polymerase chain reaction; OPN , osteopontin. 
Osteopontin (OPN) mRNA expression level in thyroid lesions. 
SD, standard deviation. 
a)P = 0.011 vs. nonpapillary carcinoma, P = 0.002 vs. follicular neoplasm. 
Results of the molecular genetic analysis of histologic subtypes of PTC. 
PTC, papillary thyroid cancer; OPN , osteopontin; SD, standard deviation. 
a)P = 0.024 vs. nonfollicular variant subtypes. b)P = 0.002 according to the nonarametric Kruskal-Wallis test. 
Associations between osteopontin mRNA expression level and clinicopathologic factors. 
OPN, osteopontin; SD, standard deviation. 
a)Student's t-test. b)One-way analysis of variance. c)Logistic regression analysis. d)Bivariate correlation analysis using Spearman's correlation coefficient. 
Associations between the BRAFV599E mutation and clinicopathological factors. 
Values are presented as mean ± standard deviation or number (%). 
a)Fisher's exact test. b)Student's t-test. c)Linear-by-linear association test. d)pN1b vs. pN0 or pN1a, logistic regression analysis. 
Peptide Sequence comparison Indications. 
LHRH agonists and new generation antagonists available in the market. 
Peptide receptors Receptor subtypes Expressing tumor type Targeting agents. 
Peptide receptors which have potential in cancer therapy. 
Type of tissue protection Possible mechanisms of action. 
Non-hematopoietic mechanism of tissue protection by erythropoietin. 
Cancer types Resistant to Abnormal genetic/epigenetic events involved Reference. 
Bcl-2 and Ras family members’ crosstalks in drug-resistant cancers and immortalized cells. 
Studies Downredulated miRNAs in CRC tissue Upregulated miRNAs in CRC tissue. 
Summary of dysregulated miRNAs in CRC compared to adjacent normal mucosa. 
*Over expressed or under expressed miRNAs identified by two or more than two studies are underlined whereas the miRNAs with conflicting expression levels in different studies are identified in Bold. 
Tissue type Studies Participants Target MiRNAs Diagnostic accuracy         Sensitivity% Specificity%. 
Summary of sensitivity and specificity of different diagnostic circulating miRNAs. 
*Adenoma cases. 
miRNA Cell line Target Method Reported effects of miRNA manipulation References. 
Summary of in vitro effects of antisense oligonucleotides and locked nucleic acid based oncogenic miRNA manipulation in colorectal cell lines. 
miRNAs Cell Line Target Method Reported effects of miRNA manipulation References. 
Summary of studies involving the restoration of silenced miRNAs in CRC cell lines. 
microRNAs Function Targets Reference. 
miRNAs: functions and targets in ovarian cancer. 
miRNAs in ovarian carcinoma can either be oncogenic or tumor suppressor. Tumor suppressor miRNAs suppress oncogenes resulting in either loss of EMT (Epithelial Mesenchymal Transition), chemosensitization or tumor suppression. Whereas, oncogenic miRNAs target tumor suppressor genes leading to chemo resistance and reduced survival. 
Type of ovarian cancer Up-regulated miRNA Down-regulated miRNA References. 
miRNA profile of subtypes of ovarian cancer. 
Most of the miRNA profiling has been done on the serous and clear cell ovarian carcinoma. miR-200 family stands out as the up-regulated miRNA in most types of ovarian cancer. miR-100 plays a specific role in clear cell ovarian carcinoma. 
Specimen Category Age (years) Gender Cytogenetics FLT3 Mutational Status Tissue Source % Blasts 1. 
Abbreviations: BM, bone marrow; ITD, internal tandem duplication; NK, normal karyotype; PB, peripheral blood; WT, wild-type. 
% Blasts among viable mononuclear cells. 
Specimen CD33 (MFI) * GO-induced ?H2AX (%) GO-inducedApoptosis/Cell Death (%) CytotoxicResponse  6 hours 6 hours 24 hours 24 hours 48 hours . 
Abbreviations: MFI, mean fluorescence intensity; NA, not available (insufficient sample material). 
CD33 MFI are shown for the Qdot605 fluorophore scale. For AML-11, this value was converted from CD33-PE expression due to insufficient sample for CD33-Qdot605 assessment (see “ Materials and Methods ”). 
Accessionnumber(gi) Protein Name Commonname/Abbreviation Molecularweight(Kda) Gene ArrayT24T/T24Ratio SILACT24T/T24Ratio SD1. 
All proteins were identified at >99% confidence (corresponding to a Mascot score >46). The table includes the accession number (gi), protein name, molecular weight (in kD), gene array ratio, SILAC ratios (T24T/T24), and the standard deviation (SD, n?=?2). All proteins were identified in the two SILAC replicates with at least two unique peptides. Proteins previously described to be involved in cancer metastases are highlighted in italics, while those reported to be related to bladder cancer metastases are highlighted in bold. Proteins validated in immunoblots are highlighted with an asterisk. The absence of values in the "Gene Array Ratio" column, highlighted as "-", indicates absence of the specific probe on the array. The complete set of differentially expressed proteins identified is provided in Table S1 . 
Antibody Host Dilution Source/Catalogue# Recognition Sequence. 
Brain Region Gene Name Description p-value Fold Change Mean ND Mean AD. 
mRNA data from all three brain regions show a significant decreases in RAN and RAN binding proteins, with lesser amounts in the visual cortex, an area with only modest AD pathology [16] . With the exception of RANBP6 in the hippocampus, all other RAN binding proteins were significantly down in AD compared to controls. 
Published GWAS in hepatocellular carcinoma (Adapted from Villanueva A, et al. J Hepatol 2012;57:213-214) 78. 
HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; HCV, hepatitis C virus; HBV, hepatitis B virus; Chr, chromosome; MICA, MHC class I polypeptide-related sequence A gene. 
Selected examples of reported alterations in miRNA expression in HCV infection and their proposed role in Hepatocellular carcinoma (Adapted from Kumar A, et al. Biochimica et biophysica acta 2011;1809:694-699). 84. 
HCV, hepatitis C virus; UTR, untranslated region; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; Inf., infected; CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; DLC-1, a Rho GTPase-activating protein. 
Biomarker Early detection biomarkers: ovarian cancer (sensitivity and specificity) Source n (Total) Specificity Sensitivity Levels Benign ( n ) Other malignancies ( n ) Ovarian ( n ) Reference. 
Specificity and sensitivity of early detection biomarkers for ovarian cancer from various studies. 
n : number of patients. 
Biomarker Clinical trials for evaluating early detection biomarkers in ovarian cancer (USA) Condition Phase n Status Clinical trial no. Reference Primary outcome measure. 
Clinical trials (currently active or completed) for evaluating novel biomarkers of ovarian cancer. 
TVU: transvaginal ultrasonography. (w): women, (E): estimated enrollment, IOI: intraoperative imaging. Source: http://clinicaltrials.gov/. 
Biomarker Expression pattern on tumors Category N Positive rates (levels of expression) References. 
Levels of expression of biomarker ALDH1 in various stages of ovarian cancer. 
Biomarker Expression pattern Category N Positive rates (levels of expression) References. 
Levels of expression of biomarker FOLR1 in various stages of ovarian cancer. 
Target Cabozantinib IC50 (nM) 21 Vandetanib IC50 (nM) 32 Motesanib IC50 (nM) 33 Sunitinib IC50 (nM) 34 Axitinib IC50 (nM) 35. 
Inhibitory activity of cabozantinib in comparison with other tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
Notes: Where a range is cited, this indicates that IC50 varies according to receptor mutation status. Where a hyphen is shown, no IC50 was reported for that receptor tyrosine kinase. 
Abbreviations: VEGFR-2, Vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2; IC50, concentration at which 50% of maximal inhibition occurs; nM, nanomolar. 
Preinvasive lesions Patient Age Sex Colon segment Diameter (mm) Stage † Histologic grade ‡. 
Characteristics of the 59 colorectal tumors included in the study data set. 
* Two lesions were analyzed from this patient. 
† Paris Endoscopic Classification of Superficial Neoplastic Lesions (Gastrointest Endoscopy 2003;58[suppl.]:S3-S27). 
‡ Preinvasive lesions were classified as tubular adenomas (TA), tubulovillous adenomas (TVA), villous adenomas (VA), microvescicular serrated polyps (MVSP), serrated adenomas (SA), sessile serrated adenomas (SSA). In parentheses, the degree of dysplasia (none, low, high) is reported based on the WHO classification of tumors of the digestive system (Editorial and consensus conference in Lyon, France, November 6–9, 1999 [IARC]). 
§ Sobin LH, Wittekind C. TNM classification of malignant tumours. 6th ed. New York, NY: Wiley-Liss, 2002. 
    Nominal p-values of enrichment scores † Pathways n * N vs SPL N vs LPL N vs CRC. 
Biological pathways displaying up-regulation (versus normal mucosa) in SPLs, LPLs, and CRCs. 
* n = number of RefSeqs in the pathway. 
† measured by RS analysis; only significant p-values (< 0.05) are shown. 
    Nominal p-values of enrichment scores † Pathways n * N vs SPL N vs LPL N vs CRC. 
Biological pathways displaying down-regulation (compared with normal mucosa) in SPLs, LPLs, and CRCs. 
* n = number of RefSeqs in the pathway. 
† measured by RS analysis; only significant p-values (< 0.05) are shown. 
Differential regulation in tumors † RS GSEA Overlap ‡. 
Numbers of pathways displaying significant tumor-associated dysregulation in RS analysis and GSEA of the N vs SPL, N vs LPL, and N vs. CRC data sets. 
† No. of pathways found dysregulated by RS and GSEA with p-values < 0.05. 
‡ No. (%) of pathways identified as dysregulated in RS analysis that were found to be similarly dysregulated in GSEA; asterisks indicate p-values computed by Fisher’s exact test: *p=0; **p=1.1x10.-12. 
Differential regulation in CRCs † N vs CRC V-set I V-set II Overlap‡         N vs CRC and V-set I N vs CRC and V-set II. 
Numbers of pathways displaying significant tumor-associated dysregulation in RS analysis of the N vs CRC data set and in independent validation data sets I and II. 
† No. of pathways found dysregulated by RS with p-values < 0.05. 
‡ No. (%) of pathways dysregulated in N vs. CRC data set that were similarly dysregulated in the indicated V-set. 
* p-values computed by Fisher’s exact test. 
Signaling component Mouse model Study details Phenotype Reference. 
Skin and oral carcinogenesis studies with mouse models of TGF ? 1 signaling. 
*Unless otherwise indicated TGF ? 1 transgene used was TGF ? 1S223/S225 constitutively active mutant. 
fl/fl: floxed alleles. 
?: truncation of cytoplasmic domain generating dominant negative receptor. 
DMBA/TPA indicates 2-stage chemical carcinogenesis protocol. 
CreER: tamoxifen-inducible Cre recombinase. 
CrePr1: rU486 inducible Cre recombinase. 
  Stage 9-10 Stage 11. 
Neurectodermal expression of ac under different Dichaete mutant conditions at two different stages of CNS development. 
Intermediate ?=?fraction of hemisegments expressing ac in the intermediate column. Medial down ?=?fraction of hemisegments showing loss of ac expression in the medial column. Medial up/extra?= ?fraction of hemisegments showing stronger ac expression or extra ac expressing cells in the medial column. In all cases n?>?40 embryos. ND?=?not done. 
Genotype Upregulated Downregulated Total. 
Number of upregulated and downregulated genes detected by microarray analysis using the indicated genotypes. 
The thresholds used to identify differentially expressed genes were average M-value of?<??0.5 or?>?0.5, p-value?<?0.05. 
Name Genotype Source. 
Yeast strains used in this study. 
Name Marker Description Promoter Copy number Source. 
Plasmids used in this study. 
Glucose-limited medium Phosphate-limited medium Nitrogen-limited medium. 
Composition of synthetic medium used in continuous cultures. 
The limiting nutrient is shown in bold. See Table 4 for asterisk descriptions. 
* 1X vitamins (prepared as 1000X stock) ** 1X metals (prepared as 1000X stock). 
Composition of vitamins or metals used in continuous cultures. 
RTK Primary AGASACA n (%) Metastatic AGASACA n (%) Thyroid carcinoma n (%). 
Phosphoprotein screening results from AGASACA and TC tumor samples. 
RTK Primary AGASACA n (%) Metastatic AGASACA n (%). 
Phosphoprotein screening results from paired AGASACA samples. 
RTK Negative + ++ +++ Predominant localization. 
RTK expression in primary AGASACA samples by IHC. 
C: cytoplasmic; M: membranous; N: nuclear. 
RTK Negative + ++ +++ Predominant localization. 
RTK expression in metastatic AGASACA samples by IHC. 
C: cytoplasmic; M: membranous; N: nuclear. 
RTK Negative + ++ +++ Predominant localization. 
RTK expression in TC samples by IHC. 
C: cytoplasmic; M: membranous; N: nuclear. 
RTK Primary AGASACA n (%) Metastatic AGASACA n (%) Thyroid carcinoma n (%). 
Stromal RTK expression in AGASAC and TC samples by IHC. 
RTK Primers Product size (bp). 
RT-PCR primer sets for canine RTKs. 
ID Genotype * Grade + MITOSES NECROSIS HYPOCELLULARITY/ ALCIAN BLUE SQUAMOUS DIFFERENTIATION. 
Histopathological characteristics of Schwannomas in this study. 
SKO: Single KO (T3;R1aKO;Rac1WT); Het: T3;R1aKO;Rac1Het; DKO: Double KO (T3;R1aKO;Rac1KO); N = no; Y = yes. 
Grade according to ( 19 ). 
  Neurotrophic factor Target neurons Current status. 
Neurotrophic factors that are currently under study for treatment of various disorders. 
Current status defines Phase trials that have either been completed or are underway [ 32 ]. Pre-clinical status was assigned to each if the neurotrophic factor has been shown to rescue neuronal functioning in target neurons in rodent and primate models of disease. 
  VE-822 Kinase Ki (?M) Cell IC50 (?M). 
GO ID Term (GO hierarchy level) No. genes in the GO term Expected no. significant genes Actual no. significant genes q -Value. 
Biological process terms significantly overrepresented with genes statistically associated with bull fertility . 
GO ID Term (GO hierarchy level) No. genes in the GO term Expected no. significant genes Actual no. significant genes q -Value. 
Molecular function and cellular component terms significantly overrepresented with genes statistically associated with bull fertility . 
  Grade of Adverse Event 2 3 4 5 n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%). 
Toxicities associated with administration of R115777. 
Disease Study type NGF type and dosage Delivery route Outcome Side effects References. 
Summary of clinical trials with NGF on peripheral neuropathies. 
Disease Study type NGF type and dosage Delivery route Outcome Side effects References. 
Summary of clinical trials with NGF on central nervous system’s diseases. 
Disease Study type NGF type and dosage Delivery route Outcome Side effects References. 
Summary of clinical trials with NGF on skin ulcers. 
Disease Study type NGF type and dosage Delivery route Outcome Side effects References. 
Summary of clinical trials with NGF in ophthalmology. 
Adverse effect IGF-I doses (?g/Kg/day) References. 
Reported adverse effect during IGF-I treatment. 
Subcutaneously, daily, for at least 1 year. 
Pathological condition References. 
Current proposed IGF-I treatments. 
rhIGF-I replacement therapy may be recommended only to restore IGF-I deficiency conditions. In consequence, despite the number of proposed pathological conditions that may benefit from rhIGF-I treatment, up to date, only those in the white have been well characterized. Conditions in clear grey are supported by a wide body of evidence which render these circunstances prone to be classified as the first group. Dark grey are conditions that may need more research in order to adequately propose the IGF-I treatment as a proper strategy. 
Details of patients and redifferentiation therapy. 
Patient characteristics. 
Label/time point Ctrl. 72 h 10d 24d. 
Morphometric analysis of ECs apoptosis, proliferation and microvessel density in the lungs of KDITSN mouse. The number of lung microvessels labeled by AQP-1 and GS-1 lectin was normalized per 30,000 ?m2 surface area. 
Method Vector PDGF Strain Age Target Cell Histology Reference(s). 
  Gene Symbol +DMSO +YM155 Ratio P value. 
Genes up regulated in SK-NEP-1 cells treated with YM155 compared with DMSO control group. 
  Gene Symbol +DMSO +YM155 Ratio P value. 
Genes down regulated in SK-NEP-1 cells treated with YM155 compared with DMSO control group. 
Variable Value Count. 
Characteristics of the tumors contained in set AZTS. 
iNMF step 1 Molecular feature Type 1 Type 2. 
Comparison of clinical and molecular characteristics of identified CRC subtypes. 
Differences in these characteristics were assessed using all datasets with available annotation. 
GO ID GO Term P - value BH adj . 
Protein enrichment analysis. 
Top 10 most significantly enriched GO categories for DE proteins. See Additional file 5 for complete DAVID output. 
GO ID GO Term P - value BH adj . 
mRNA enrichment analysis. 
Enriched GO categories for DE mRNAs. See Additional file 5 for complete DAVID output. 
Cytokine Untreated Inflamed. 
Expression of cytokines in rat lymph node lysates draining normal (untreated) and inflamed (2 h CFA-treated) paws. 
*, unpaired t test with Welch’s correction (P < 0.05). 
Data are expressed as percentages of IgG expression in mean ± SD,. 
n = 3 animals per group. 
Animal Group Diet and treatment a Prevention rate (%) TVb (mm3 mean ± SD) RTVc (mean ) IRd (%). 
a. Prevention rate ?=? tumor-free mice number/total mice number; b. Tumor volume (TV) ?=? (length × width2) ×0.532; c. Relative Tumor volume (RTV) ?=? (TV on sacrificing day)/(TV on day 1 of injection); d. Inhibition rate on tumor growth (IR) ?=? {1 – (mean RTV of the treatment group)/(mean RTV of the control group)} 100. 
Laminin a3 LG45 heparin binding sites Method used for identification Binding partner References. 
Tg line 1 Tg line 2 Tg line 3 Tg line 4. 
The fish were subjected to heat treatment by incubation at 37°C for 30 minutes at 4 wpf and examined at 6 mpf. 
Patient ID PI3KR1 PI3KCA mTOR AKT1 AKT2 AKT3. 
Mutation analysis of genes encoding PI3K, mTOR and AKT isoforms in primary HCC samples. 
Gene symbol Correlation RE1 Site ChiP Summary. 
Glioma tumor suppressors [Roopra]. 
REST ChIP Data are cited from either Abrajano et al [ (2009), ] Johnson et al [ (2007) ] or Conaro et al (2006) [ [27] ]. 
Spot number Protein name Accession number Mw (kDa) pI Coverage (score) Matched peptide MS/MS fragment Ratioa P valueb Biological function. 
Differentially expressed proteins of hepatic stellate cells follow tanshinone IIA treated. 
aRatios indicated the fold changes of protein volume between Tan-IIA-treated and -untreated cells for each specific protein spot. The higher ratios (>2.0) mean the proteins whose expression levels were increased upon treatment of Tan-IIA, while lower ratios (<?2.0) indicate the proteins were downregulated under the exposure to Tan-IIA. 
b P values were generated by analyzing the gel images using Prodigy SameSpots software. Differences were considered significant at P < 0.05. 
Gene Forward primer (5?-3?) Reverse primer (5?-3?) Product size (bp). 
Primer sequences for the methylated and unmethylated sequences. 
miRNA Total targets in mouse KEGG pathway Targets in pathway p -Value Total counts in hippo-campus [ 18 ]. 
The main function predicted by bioinformatics analysis of deregulated microRNAs in mouse primary hippocampal neurons after H2O2 stimulation. 
miR-135 targets GO-term Analysis p -Value. 
Functional analysis of miR-135 targets. 
miR-708 targets GO-term Analysis p -Value. 
Functional analysis of miR-708 targets. 
  Wild type E545K H1047R. 
Kinetic analysis of in vitro lipid kinase activity of p110 ? EE WT / p85 ?, p110 ? EE E545K / p85 ? and p110 ? EE H1047R / p85 ?. 
aPI or PI-(4,5)-P2 were used as substrates to generate PI-3-P or PI-(3,4,5)-P3. 
bMichaelis-Menten kinetic parameters (substrate affinity (Km) and maximum reaction velocity (Vmax)) for the production of PI-3-P or PI-(3,4,5)-P3 were calculated from assays in which the concentration of ATP was varied. 
cKm and Vmax are shown as mean?±?SEM, n?=?4. 
Gene Probe Set Gene Title Cytoband. 
Overall death OSCC-specific death  HR (95% CI) * p-value HR (95% CI) * p-value. 
HR: hazard ratios; CI: 95% confidence interval. 
Reference (study design) Location, subjects Diabetes diagnosis Main findinga,b Exposurec Factors considered in analysis. 
Association between arsenic and diabetes in areas of relatively high exposure (? 150 µg/L drinking water). 
Reference (study design) Location, subjects Diabetes diagnosis Main findinga,b Exposurec Factors considered in analysis. 
Association between arsenic and diabetes-related measures in areas of relatively low-to-moderate exposures (< 150 µg/L drinking water) and NHANES. 
Research needs. 
Parameter (no.of patients, %) EGFR mutation pTyr1068 pTyr1173     + - p + - p + - p. 
Baseline demographic characteristics and clinical outcomes for each biomaker. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; pTyr, phophorylated tyrosine; CR, complete remission; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; ORR, objective response rate; DCR, disease control rate; PFS, progression-free survival; *Never-smoker refers to patients had never smoked in their lifetime. 
Parameter (no.of patients, %) EGFR mutation     Positive Negative. 
Correlation between pTyr1068 expression and clinical outcomes stratified by EGFR mutational status. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; pTyr, phophorylated tyrosine; CR, complete remission; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; ORR, objective response rate; DCR, disease control rate; PFS, progression-free survival. 
Variables (no.of patients, %) EGFR mutation pTyr1068 pTyr1173     + - p + - p + - p. 
Association between EGFR mutation and EGFR phosphorylations. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; pTyr, phophorylated tyrosine. 
Variables Combinations Mutation+ Mutation- Mutation+ Mutation- Mutation+ Mutation- Mutation+ Mutation- P 1068+ 1068+ 1068- 1068- 1068+ 1068+ 1068- 1068- - 1173+ 1173+ 1173+ 1173+ 1173- 1173- 1173- 1173- -. 
Analysis for combinational biomarkers. 
Abbreviations: pTyr, phophorylated tyrosine; CR, complete remission; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; ORR, objective response rate; DCR, disease control rate; PFS, progression-free survival, 1068 pTyr1068, 1173 pTyr1173. 
Gene Forward primer (5?->3?) Reverse primer (5?->3?). 
siRNA Sense strand (5?->3?). 
Primers used for PCR amplification to construct EGFP-Rheb and DsRed-Rheb (5' – 3' direction; restriction sites underlined). 
Primers used for PCR amplification to construct EGFP-mTOR and mTOR-EGFP (5' – 3' direction; restriction sites underlined). 
Primers used for PCR amplification to construct DsRed-Raptor (5' – 3' direction; restriction sites underlined). 
Compound MIA PaCa-2 BxPC-3 PANC-1 HPAC HFF-1. 
Incubation time (h) Cell line TP421 exposure (h) 24 48 72. 
24 h 48 h 72 h 96 h Cell line Sample G0/G1 S G2/M G0/G1 S G2/M G0/G1 S G2/M G0/G1 S G2/M. 
ENETS UICC. 
Comparison of T stage of gastric NENs between ENETS and UICC . 
ENETS UICC. 
Comparison of T stage of appendiceal NENs between ENETS and UICC . 
Sequence Chromosomal Location. 
Parametr As Pb Cd Cr Cu Zn. 
MytArray 1.0 ID Mytibase ID GenBank ID Transcript Forward primer (5?– 3?) Reverse primer (5?– 3?) Amplicon       size (bp). 
Abbreviations: gadd, growth arrest and DNA damage inducible; hsp/hsc, heat shock protein/cognate;. 
mt , metallothionein; sqstm , sequestosome. 
Element Dose unit Mean St. Dev BCF. 
Triplicate analysis of three tissue pools, each one composed by the whole flesh of four mussels. Mean and standard deviation are reported in ww and dw; BCF, bioconcentration factor. 
Gene Oligonucleotide Primers Annealing temp. (°C) Product (bp)  Forward 5?-3? Reverse 5?-3?  . 
Antigen Host Dilution Catalog number Source. 
Enzyme Abrev. K eq Fold change     12°C 30°C  . 
Thermodynamic equilibrium constants (K eq ) of selected glycolytic reactions at 12 and 30°C. 
Keq values were calculated from [ 24 ] considering a reference condition of 298.15 K, I = 0.25M and pH 7.0. The fold change refers to the ratio Keq 12°C/Keq 30°C. 
Cell Lines BRAF NRAS KRAS HRAS PTEN CDKN2A CDK4 TP53 p16INK4A p14ARF. 
Mutational Analysis of a Melanoma Cell Line Panel. 
wt?=?wildtype, *?=?homozygous, nd?=?not determined. 
microRNA Role Target(s) References. 
Summary of different miRs and their roles in vascular cells. 
Reagent Description. 
Different strategies to inhibit miR function in vivo. 
miRNA ID log2(fold change)* Up/down expression P - value adjusted miRNA ID log2(fold change)* Up/down expression P - value adjusted. 
Note: *fold change?=?(HepG2/DOX)/HepG2. 
miRNA ID log2(fold change)* Up/down expRession P - value miRNA ID log2(fold change)* Up/down expRession P - value. 
Note: *fold-change?=?(HepG2/DOX)/HepG2. 
GO ID GO term Gene count Percentage (%) Bonferroni correction. 
Pathway ID Pathway Gene count Percentage (%) Bonferroni correction. 
Variable N?=?289. 
IGF1R-alpha cytoplasm or membrane IHC expression   <3 ?3 P-value. 
ID Specific Biosystem Network Topology Dynamic Behaviors   Upstream pathway Feedback Ultrasensitivity Transient Activation Oscillation Bistability. 
Field description:. 
ID : Numeric IDs of the models as they are referred in the text. 
Specific Biosystem : Biosystem mapped by the model. 
Network Topology : Upstream pathway or feedback involved in the model. 
Dynamic Behaviors : MAPK dynamic behaviors emerged in the model. 
ID MAPKK a MAPK a M2KP a MKP a r EA (%) b r SU (%) b r BI (%) b. 
Total concentrations of components. 
Percentages of parameter sets that can induce effective activation ( O max>0.1, r EA ), significant ultrasensitivity ( Gradient >1.0, r SU ) and bistability ( Bistability >1.5, r BI ), respectively. 
Concentration Vectors Number of (absolutely) bistable models under different network topologies  No feedback Positive Feedback Negative Feedback. 
Gradient a Signal Range b Low c Medium c High c Low c Medium c High c. 
Gradient is an indicator for ultrasensitivity (see text). 
Signal range from the beginning to the end (maximum) of MAPKK activation. 
Sample sets grouped by Gradients. Low : samples having Gradients between (1.0, 10.0), representing “low ultrasensitivity”; Medium : samples having Gradients between (10.0, 100.0), representing “medium ultrasensitivity”; High : samples having Gradients larger than 100.0, representing “high ultrasensitivity”. 
Correlation coefficients between [MAPKK]total (total concentration of MAPKK) and Gradient or Signal range. 
Metabolic syndrome characteristic Adverse cardiac remodelling Reference Method of assessment. 
Different disorders in metabolic syndrome are associated with cardiac structural and functional changes. 
Author and reference number Year Experimental model MAPK phosphorylation Cardiac remodeling. 
Role of MAPK activation in metabolic syndrome-associated cardiac hypertrophy. 
Gene name Function Folds difference. 
5-ASA regulated genes and their tumorigenic properties. 
Gene Forward primer (5?–3?) Reverse primer (5?–3?) Tm (°C). 
Primer sequences. 
Cell line Methylation level. 
Methylation levels (ratio methylated vs. unmethylated) of the FAS promoters in the studied cell lines. 
AML sample Disease stage FAB classification WHO classification Cytogenetics. 
Patient Clinical Data. 
AML, acute myeloid leukemia; FAB, French–American–British; NOS, not otherwise specified; NPM, nucleophosmin; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome. 
GO ID Term No. of genes in our list Total no. of genes p Value. 
Order ?Symbol ??Name Similarity Parameter ???Remark. 
Similarity comparison result in EF-hand data set. 
Order ?Symbol ??Name Similarity Parameter ???Remark. 
Similarity comparison result in CC-domain data set. 
Gene N n Untreated n CpG transition Other C:G transition C:G transversion A:T mutation Indel/null p-value q-value. 
Territory (N) refers to total covered territory in bp across 38 sequenced samples. Total numbers of mutations (n) and numbers of mutations occurring in therapy-naïve disease (Untreated n) are shown for each gene. 
Chr Start End Length Muts Samples p-value q-value Separation Gene Coding events. 
Regions of predicted regulatory potential showing mutation frequency beyond that expected by chance are shown (q < 0.25). 
Histoanatomic variant Selected characteristics Disease example/association. 
Macrovascular calcification: a histoanatomic view. 
VSMCs – vascular smooth muscle cells ; CVCs – calcifying vascular cells (adapted from Vattikuti R, Towler DA: Osteogenic regulation of vascular calcification: an early perspective. Am J Physiol Endocrinol Metab, 2004; 286: E686–96). 
Stimulators Inhibitors. 
Factors involved in arterial calcification. 
TGF – Transforming growth factor; cAMP – cyclic adenosine monophosphate; MAP – mitogen-activated protein kinase; LDL – low-density lipoprotein; Pit-1 – sodium dependent phosphate transporter; NPP – nucleotide pyrophosphatase phosphodiesterase; PPi – inorganic pyrophosphate. BMP – bone morphogenic protein; BMP2-Msx2-Wnt – wingless signaling pathway; MMPs – metalloproteinases (adapted from Guzman RJ: Clinical, cellular, and molecular aspects of arterial calcification. J Vasc Surg, 2007; 45: 57A–63A). 
Factor Potential Effect. 
Multiple factors that are deregulated in ESRD and may affect VSMC calcification. 
P – phosphorus; Ca – calcium; PTH – parathormone; PTHrP – parathormone-like proteins; AGEs – glycation end products; VSMCs – vascular smooth muscle cells; ABD – adynamic bone disease. 
microRNAs miRBase analysis Target Scan analysis miR and a analysis PicTar analysis Score Energy Context score Aggregate PCT Score Pearson’s correlation PicTar score Probabilities. 
Predicted microRNAs that targeting ERBB2 * . 
The microRNAs that targeting ERBB2 were predicted using PicTar, miRanda, TargetScan, and miRBase. MicroRNAs that predicted by at least 3 of the 4 methods were indicated with bold font. 
Molecular target Name of inhibitory agent. 
Potential therapeutic strategies targeting altered growth factor and intracellular elements in normoxic and hypoxic cancer- and metastasis-initiating cells and their differentiated progenies. 
Trade name of Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved drug for treating specific cancer(s) and/or other disorder(s). 
c-Fms: transmembrane glycoprotein receptor tyrosine kinase; AS: antisense oligonucleotide; COX-2: clyooxygenase-2; CXCR4: CXC chemokine receptor 4; DAPT: N -(N-3,5-difluorophenacetyl)-L-alanyl]-S-phenylglycine t-butyl ester; EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; G-rich ODNs: guanine-rich oligodeoxynucleotides; FGFR: fibroblast growth factor receptor; IGF-RI: insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor; Itk: interleukin-2 receptor inducible T-cell kinase; KCN1: 3,4-dimethoxy-N-[(2,2-dimethyl-2H-chromen-6-yl)methyl]-N-phenylbenzenesulpfonamide; Lek: leucocyte-specific protein tyrosine kinase; mAb: monoclonal antibody; MKI: multi-targeted kinase inhibitor; NF-?B: nuclear factor-kappaB; PI3K: phosphatidylinositol 3?-kinase; STAT3: signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; TGF-?R: transforming growth factor-? receptor; TKI: tyrosine kinase inhibitor; VEGF: vascular growth factor; Wnt: Wingless ligand. 
Molecular therapeutic target Name of inhibitory agent. 
Potential therapeutic strategies targeting altered metabolic and pH regulatory signalling pathways in normoxic and hypoxic cancer- and metastasis-initiating cells and their differentiated progenies. 
Trade name of Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved drug. 
CAIX: carbonic anhydrase IX; FASN: fatty acid synthase. 
Refseq RNA Gene name Description Log M (Diff expressed)    ESE-16 ESE-16 ESE-16    MCF-7 MDA-MB-231 MCF-12A    200 nM 200 nM 200 nM. 
RefSeq RNA Gene ID Protein ID Description MCF-7 MDA-MB-231     Average Log2 STDEV Average Log2 STDEV. 
Observation References. 
Influence of CD4 +CD25 highT reg cells on anti-tumor immunity . 
Activating receptors Inhibitory receptors Chemotatic receptors Cytokine receptors Adhesion receptors. 
NK cell receptors . 
NK cells use a wide array of activating and inhibitory receptors which recognize specific ligands expressed by target cells. MHC class I molecules expressed on self cells are engaged by NK cell inhibitory receptors such as Ly49 in mice (mInh.Ly49) and killer immunoglobulin-like receptors (KIR) in humans (h). In contrast, expression of stress or pathogen-induced ligands, downregulation of MHC class I on target cells as well as transformation-mediated ligand expression are recognized by NK cell activating receptors (Table adapted from Vivier et al., 2011 , Science 331, 44–49). 
Type Effectiveness Function Reference. 
Mediators involved in eosinophil migration . 
Mediator General function Reference. 
Mediators released by eosinophils . 
Strain WT PtsP PtsO FruB     ( r 1 = r 2 =0) ( r 2 = r 3 =0) ( r 4 = r 5 =0). 
Summary of the restrictions for the determination of the kinetic parameters. 
The conditions that results directly from the mutation are given in the headline. The conditions that results directly from the medium are given in the respective rows. 
  WT a PtsP PtsO FruB PtsN/PtsN 0 0.7 ±0.03 0.34 ±0.02 0.44 ±0.08 0.89 ±0.08. 
Degree of phosphorylation of PtsN grown on CAA plus glucose. 
aValue already published. 
Substrate Oxaloacetat. pyruvate to pyruvate PEP to 2PG   to pyruvate acetylCoA to PEP  . 
Summary of FVA. 
Given are the results of FBA for the main fluxes with PEP or pyruvate as substrate or product (first row) with the respective minimal and maximal values (second row)The third row gives the ratio (max-min)/nominal value (in per cent). 
Gene name Protein description (NCBI Protein) Conserved % of all RNAs significantly bound Domains. 
Common RNA binding proteins and their conserved domains. 
RRM – RNA recognition motif, PCBP_like_KH – Poly r(C) binding protein like K homology domain, KH – K homology RNA binding domain, KH-I – K homology RNA binding domain type I, SF1_like-KH – Splicing factor K homology RNA binding domain, Zf-CCCH – Zinc-finger of CCCH [C-x8-C-x5-Cx3-H] type, DSRM – Double-stranded RNA binding motif, Aldo_ket_red – Aldo-keto reductase, Tas – predicted oxidoreductase, UDG_F1 – family 1 of Uracil-DNA glycosylase, RPA1N – replication protein A N-terminal OB fold domain, RPA1_DBD_C – replication protein ssDNA binding domain DBD-C, PKc_like – Protein Kinase C family, GAGE – GAGE protein family. 
Key message Reference. 
The studies support an overall increase in choline metabolism including metabolites of the Kennedy pathway, such as PC. However, depending on the tumor type, there were variable results with respect to the GPC/PC ratio. To understand this discrepancy, it may be important to differentiate between the metabolic flux through the Kennedy pathway and the concentration of GPC. Increased metabolic flux mediated by for example, EDI3 and CHK may decrease GPC concentrations. However, a tumor may evolve further mechanisms to enhance GPC concentrations. This will, in turn, further increase the metabolic flux through the Kennedy pathway, supporting the need to consider the change to choline metabolism as a whole rather than a single metabolite (from Marchan et al., 2012). 22. 
  PubMed Google scholar. 
? Cell line Cell source Cellular morphology Clinicopathology. 
Cell source and clinicopathological characteristics SUM cell lines provided by Asterand. 
Source: [ 31 – 35 ]; nd = not determined. 
Cell line BRCA1 ER protein PR protein ERBB2 Allelic loss Mutation Protein effect. 
ER, PR, and BRCA1 profile of SUM cell lines. 
Source: [ 36 , 46 , 48 ]; ER: estrogen receptor, PR: progesterone receptor, NA: not applicable; nd: not determined, ?: no expression, +++: overexpression, +: normal expression. 
Cell line 17p allelic loss p53 gene sequence p53 expression p14ARF status Exon Mutation Amino acid change Protein effect Transcript size (kb) Transcript expression Gene Transcript expression. 
p53 profile of the Asterand SUM cell lines. 
Source: [ 36 , 46 , 52 ], +: normal expression, ?: not detectable, nd: not determined, wt: wild type, ±: barely detectable, ++: overexpression. 
Cell line RB1 protein expression Cyclin D1 transcript expression Cyclin D1 protein expression p16 gene sequence p16 transcript expression p16 protein expression. 
Mutational analysis Rb pathway genes for Asterand SUM cell lines. 
Source: [ 48 ]; nd: not determined, +: normal expression, ±: barely detectable, ?: no detectable expression, ++: over expression. 
Cell line PIK3CA status HRAS status KRAS status Gene sequence Amino acid change Gene sequence Amino acid change Gene sequence Amino acid change. 
PIK3CA, HRAS and KRAS mutation status for SUM cell lines. 
Source: [ 69 ]; +: normal expression; —: not detectable, nd: not determined, wt: wild type. 
Cell lines CK5 (KRT5) CK14 (KRT14) CK8-18 CK19 (KRT19) CD49f (ITGA6) CD146 (MCAM) EpCAM (TACSTD1) IHC IHC IHC IHC IHC FACS (s/n)a FACS (s/n)a. 
Protein expression of cytokeratins and CD49f/EPCAM in SUM cells. 
Source: [ 35 , 77 ]. 
Coding mutations listed in COSMIC database Cell line Gene AA mutation CDS mutation Mutation Zygosity Reference. 
Summary of mutations affecting the coding sequence of Asterand breast cancer cell lines. 
Source: [ 83 ]. 
Study Study objective Study details Exercise details Neuropsychological testing Immune testing Results. 
Neuroimmune effects of physical activity in human populations with depressive symptom correlation . 
TREAD, treatment with exercise augmentation for depression; KKW, kilocalories per kilogram of body weight per weeks; HE, health education; PSQI, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index; GDS, Geriatric Depression Scale; PSS, Perceived Stress Scale; CS, Coherence Scale; SPS, Social Previsions Scale; LOT, Life Orientation Test; ?, association with or correlation with; EXC, exercise; IDS-C30, Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology; IL, interleukin; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; IFN, interferon; ELISA, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; CRP, C-reactive protein; CES-D. Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale; NS, non-significant; TCC, Tai Chi Chih . 
Study Study objective Study details Exercise details Immune testing Results. 
Neuroimmune effects of physical activity in human populations without depressive symptom correlation . 
RT, resistance training; ET, endurance training; CT, concurrent training; FFM, free fat mass; VATI, ventilator anaerobic threshold; TCC, Tai Chi Chih; RCT, randomized controlled trial; IL, interleukin; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; IFN, interferon; ELISA, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; CRP, C-reactive protein . 
Study Study objective Animal Exercise type Behavioral assessment Immune measures Results: behavioral Results: neuroimmune. 
Neuroimmunological effects of physical activity in rodent populations: with behavioral correlates . 
IHC, immunohistochemistry; IB, immunoblot; HC, hippocampus; PFC, pre-frontal cortex; SPT, sucrose preference test; dex, dexamethasone; FST, forced-swim test; MIF, macrophage migration inhibitory factor; RT-PCR, reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction; IB, immunoblot; ELISA, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; CTRL, control; BDNF, brain-derived neurotrophic factor; ISH, in situ hybridization . 
Study Study objective Animal Exercise Type Neuroimmune measures Results: immune. 
Neuroimmune effects of physical activity in rodent populations: without behavioral correlates . 
ECN, endothelial cell nuclei; EE, environmental enrichment; IHC, immunohistochemistry; WB, western blot; TCR, T-cell receptor; IL, interleukin; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; IFN, interferon; ELISA, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; CRP, C-reactive protein; EXC, exercise; APP, amyloid precursor protein; TMT, trimethyltin; NGF, nerve growth factor, BDNF, brain-derived neurotrophic factor; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor . 
Reference Drug Phase Response (%). 
IGF-1R inhibitors in Ewing sarcoma (adapted from Maki, 2012 ). 
Trial # Drug Phase Sponsor/PI Status Publication. 
Clinical trials with IGF-1R antagonists including pediatric patients. 
Target cell Global Osteocyte Osteoblast Chondrocyte Hepatic Gene igf-1 ( Baker et al., 1993 ; Liu et al., 1993* Bikle et al., 2001 ; Wang et al., 2006b ^) igf-1 ( Sheng et al., 2013 ) igf-1 ( Govoni et al., 2007b ) igf-1r ( Zhang et al., 2002 ) igf-1 ( Govoni et al., 2007a ) igf-1r ( Wang et al., 2011 ) igf-1 ( Sjogren et al., 1999 ; Sjogren et al., 2002 ) Promoter driving Cre N.A. DMP-1 Col1?2 OCN Col2?1 Col2?1 Mx. 
Summary of skeletal phenotypes of the various igf-1 and igf-1r knockouts. 
Species Optimum Temp (°C) Temp range (°C) Optimum pH pH range Minimal Water activity Optimum Water activity Minimum Relative humidity (%) Optimum Relative humidity (%) References. 
Conditions for vegetative growth of selected Aspergilli . 
Name Description Developmental stage Function Page number. 
Overview of Aspergillus genes involved in the different developmental stages. Functions of genes refer to A. nidulans , unless otherwise indicated. 
Gene (HGNC code) Ensembl Identifier Taxa Number 2 Alignment Length 3 Syndrome Tumor Types Observed Pathway(s) References 4. 
Colon Cancer Gene Set analyzed in this study. 
Each of the 22 genes analyzed in this study are detailed, including their HGNC approved gene symbols, and Ensembl gene IDs. The total number of species analyzed for each gene and the overall length of alignment in base pairs are also given. The syndrome, tumor type observed and pathway involved are detailed. References citing alternative gene names are identified using rounded parentheses. 
Gene Model lnL Parameter Estimates Positive Selection BEB Positively Selected Sites. 
Summary of parameter estimates and likelihood scores for the model of best fit showing evidence of positive selection. 
The model of best fit is summarized below for those genes with evidence of positive selection. The lineage-specific results for each lineage tested from the Euarchontoglires ancestor to modern lineages are shown in the top panel and the site-specific results are shown in the bottom panel. The model abbreviations are as per main text. P refers to the number of free parameters estimated in that model. BEB?=?Bayes Empirical Bayes estimations. The number of positively selected sites identified can be found the final column, sites are separated by the posterior probability cutoffs of 0.50, 0.95, and 0.99. 
Cell line PI3K inhibitor CI (ED50) Average CI Range Significance. 
Combination index analysis. 
miRNA Tissue / cell lines miRNA functions Target gene/Pathway Reference. 
Summary of miRNA regulation in energy metabolism. 
Files Proteins (Uniprot) Proteins (Pfam) HomoloGene datasets. 
Distribution of protein/gene IDs. 
Distribution per species of the number of proteins/genes having Uniprot IDs (left) and at least one Pfam domain (center) or an HomoloGene item with the Bovine species (right). 
Corpus Description PubMed WoS Fusion. 
Number of documents. 
Number of processed documents per corpus and subcorpus. 
Subcorpus name Pfam homologs with synonyms Pfam homologs (without synonyms). 
Number of Pfam homologs per subcorpus. 
Number of Pfam homologs, with and without Uniprot synonyms. 
         . 
Biological gold standard for transcription factors. 
64 genes generating our biological Gold Standard for Transcription Factors identified so far as differentially expressed in bovine embryos during the elongation process [mainly [ 30 , 37 , 42 ]. 
Protein Model ID Z-Score Alignment BLAST E-value. 
Templates sorted by their overall quality Z-scores and E-values. 
Proteins Common functional partners. 
Common functional partners between RB1 and P16-INK4A. 
Receptor protein Functional interactors. 
Proteins and interactors for protein-protein docking. 
Receptor protein Interacting protein Interactions (Receptor residue ?Interacting protein residue) Bond distance. 
Binding interactions for Rb1 and P16-INK4A. 
Parameters Value. 
Parameters selected for YASARA comparative modeling. 
CELL LINE ER? Status Effect of Fulvestrant (200 nM) on Growth ¶ Effect of MEKi (10–0.3 µM) on Growth Effect of Combination (Expected additive) effect)§ Effect of Combination(Observed). 
The predicted additive effect was determined by applying the Bliss additivity model § [25] . A greater than additive or synergistic interaction (observed effect exceeds the expected effect) was noted only in the ER?- expressing cell lines, SKOV3 and Ishikawa. Conversely, A2780, ER?-negative ovarian carcinoma cells exhibited antagonism between MEKi and fulvestrant. 
As determined by SRB assay. 
Malignancy Mouse Strain Age Sex Mode of Induction Latency Spontaneous Frequency Induced Frequency Ref. 
Induction of myeloid leukemia in mice with low-LET ionizing radiation. 
Malignancy Mouse Strain Age Sex Mode of Induction Latency Spontaneous Frequency Induced Frequency Ref. 
Induction of thymic lymphoma in mice with low-LET ionizing radiation. 
Mouse Strain Malignancy Molecular Pathology Role in Cancer Ref. 
Relevant molecular pathologies in murine RI leukemia and lymphoma. 
Malignancy Mouse Strain Age Sex Mode of Induction Latency Spontaneous Frequency Induced Frequency Ref. 
Induction of lung cancer in mice with low-LET ionizing radiation. 
Mouse Strain Malignancy Molecular Pathology Role in Cancer Ref. 
Molecular pathologies associated with radiation-induced lung cancer. 
Malignancy Mouse Strain Age Sex Mode of Induction Latency Spontaneous Frequency Induced Frequency Ref. 
Induction of breast cancer in mice with low-LET ionizing radiation. 
* Dependent on the passage status of the donor cells. 
MouseStrain Malignancy Molecular Pathology Role in Cancer Ref. 
Molecular pathologies associated with radiation-induced breast cancer. 
Treatment MDA-MB-231  MCF-7 G1 S G2/M Sub-G1  G1 S G2/M Sub-G1. 
Analysis of cell cycle distribution. Cells were treated with FE, CDDP, TAM or TAXOL alone or in combination with FE for 48 h. Cells were then measured by flow cytometry as described in the Methods section. The cell distribution was analyzed by flow cytometry analysis software. 
Fraction Yield *, % Mw, kDa Content **, % Monosaccharide composition, mol% Carbohydrate SO3Na? Fuc Man. 
Yields and characteristics of polysaccharides fractions from brown alga Saccharina cichorioides after anion-exchange chromatography on DEAE-cellulose. 
ScF1—fraction of polysaccharide, eluted with 1.0 M NaCl; ScF2—fraction of polysaccharide, eluted with 1.5 M NaCl; Monosaccharide composition: Fuc = fucose, Man = mannose, SO3Na? = sulfate group; *, % of dried defatted algae weight; **, % of sample weight; n.d., not determined. 
PHSte5-domain mutants. 
Protein–protein interaction was assayed using the tailed two-hybrid system as described in the text. The relative amount of cell growth reflects the extent of PHSte5-domain interaction with Ste11. nd, not determined. 
Mutation Mating (% of wild type) HOG pathway. 
RBLSte11-domain mutants. 
Semiquantitative mating assay was performed with yeast cells ( ste11? ) carrying the Ste11 alleles indicated. Mating efficiency is expressed as the percentage of the wild type. The HOG pathway activity was assayed on hyperosmotic medium as described ( Wu et al . 1999 ) for growth of yeast cells ( ste11? ssk2? ssk22? ) carrying the Ste11 alleles. 
Name Alternative names HDACs inhibited # of clinical trials Disease. 
Overview of most frequently used HDAC inhibitors in the currently recruiting clinical trials. 
Table source: clinicaltrials.gov. 
Kinetochore. 
Selection of putative SCD containing Tel1/Mec1 targets. 
Selection of yeast SCD genes with human ortholog SCD genes Yeast Human Function. 
Similarities between yeast and human SCD proteins. 
* Phosphorylated in S/T-Q sites in mass spectrometry searches. 
** Phosphorylated in S/T-Q sites within an SCD in mass spectrometry searches. 
Gene Allele Lesion Proposed Functional Effect Reference. 
Genotype % DTC Defect (N). 
ok448 / + or tm403 / + animals were tested for dominant effects by plating on gfp -directed (control) or max-2 -directed (experimental) RNAi and assessing frequency of DTC migration defects. tm403/+ ; max-2(RNAi) is significantly different than tm403/+ ; gfp(RNAi) ( P < 0.05, Fisher’s exact test). DTC, distal tip cells; N, number of gonad arms scored. 
Row Genotypes % Pathfinding % Truncation N. 
Each gonad arm evaluated was independently scored for defects in pathfinding or truncation, so in principle the pathfinding and truncation columns can total greater than 100% ( e.g. , see row 9). Greater frequency of truncation defects correlates with lower frequency of pathfinding defects, presumably because defects in distal arm migration were more frequent than defective proximal arm migration, and thus truncated DTC migrations obscure underlying pathfinding defects. There is some overlap between categories ( i.e. , truncated gonad arms can be mis-migrated) and thus total percent defect can be greater than 100% ( e.g. , rows 7, 9, 11, 13). DTC, distal tip cells; N, number of gonad arms scored. 
Genotypes + ced-10(n1993) ced-5(n1812) ced-12(n3261) ced-1(e1735). 
Like ced-10(n1993) , ced-5(n1812) and ced-12(n3261) , which encode components of the Dock/Elmo RacGEF complex, caused synthetic DTC migration and fertility defects in combination with pak-1 , but not max-2 . Animals were scored by inspection under dissecting microscope: “Str” is “strong,” “wk” is “weak,” and “Unc” is “uncoordinated.” ced-1(e1735) , which regulates cell corpse engulfment through a different pathway, was included as a negative control. As described, max-2 mutations also cause a severe uncoordinated phenotype in the ced-10(n1993) background ( Lucanic and Cheng 2008 ), but not in ced-5 and ced-12 backgrounds (our observations), arguing that a GEF other than CED-2/5/12 functions to activate CED-10 in neurite outgrowth. ND, not determined. 
Primers used for quantitative real-time PCR and ChIP assays. 
Characteristics of AML patients in the study. 
*Following the French-American-British system (if possible); †Percentage in bone marrow. FISH, fluorescence in situ hybridization; ND, not done. 
Translation initiation factor Modifications of initiation factors involved in inhibition of cap-dependent translation Involvement of modified initiation factors in selective translation dependent on cis-elements. 
Modification of translation initiation factors both prior to and during apoptosis and their involvement in inhibition of general cap-dependent translation (middle column) and selective translation dependent on cis -elements (right column). 
uORF IRES     Function Survival Death Survival Death References. 
List of uORF- or IRES-containing mRNAs that are translated in stressed or apoptotic cells and which encode either cell survival (green) or cell death (red) proteins. 
Name IUPAC name Molecular structure Chemical formula Molecular weight Exp. Log P ow ACD/Pred. Log P ow Pharmaceutical classification. 
Overview of retinoic acid isoform characteristics. 
Note: Log P ow represents the partition coefficient in octanol/water; ACD/Pred. = the predicted Log P ow with ACD software, based on the structural formula. 
Author Year Type of animal/cells Weight of animal/Age Type of RA Dose of RA Effect. 
Characteristics of the studies evaluating the effect of retinoic acid (RA) on liver fibrosis. 
Note: RA = retinoic acid; ATRA = all- trans retinoic acid; PL = P. linteus mycelium, a retinoic acid derivative; NA = relative data were not available in original paper. Effect +: RA plays a protective role against liver fibrosis/extracellular matrix accumulation; Effect ?: RA plays a negative role in liver fibrosis/induces the accumulation of extracellular matrix. 
Author Year Type of animal/cells Weight of animal/Age Type of RA Dose of RA Effect. 
Characteristics of the studies evaluating the effect of RA on pulmonary fibrosis. 
Note: RA = retinoic acid; ATRA = all- trans retinoic acid; Effect +: RA plays a protective role against pulmonary fibrosis/extracellular matrix accumulation. 
Author Year Type of animal/cells Weight of animal/Age Type of RA Dose of RA Effect. 
Characteristics of the studies evaluating the effect of RA on kidney fibrosis. 
Note: RA = retinoic acid; ATRA = all- trans retinoic acid; NA = relative data were not available in original paper. Effect +: RA plays a protective role against kidney fibrosis/extracellular matrix accumulation; Effect ?: RA plays a negative role in kidney fibrosis/induces the accumulation of extracellular matrix. 
BRCA1 BRCA2 RAD51C RAD51D. 
Lifetime risks for ovarian cancer susceptibility genes [ 7 – 11 ]. 
n.s., no significant difference. 
Histological subtype of ovarian cancer Clinicopathological characteristics Associated gene mutations or pathway defects *. 
Overview of the characteristics of the main epithelial ovarian cancer types [ 65 , 67 ]. 
Associated gene mutations or pathway defects that play critical roles in the etiology are described in this table. The table is not intended to be exhaustive because the transition between certain types is fluid. 
Target cells Effect Involved mechanism Reference. 
Biological effects of HGF on intra-tumor cells. 
TH, Helper T-lymphocytes; IFN, Interferon; For other abbreviations see text. 
Tumor diseases Animal model Approach Outcome Reference. 
Representative studies to show beneficial effects of NK4 on distinct types of tumors in animal models. 
Adeno-NK4, adenoviral vector carrying NK4 cDNA; r-NK4, recombinant NK4 protein; sc, subcutaneous; iv, intravenous; ip, intraperitoneal; im, intramuscular; DC, dendritic cells; and CTL, cytotoxic T cells. 
Tumor diseases Animal model Treatment Outcome Reference. 
Therapeutic effects of other HGF-antagonists or MET-inhibitors on experimental tumors in animals. 
TSP-1: thrombospondin-1. EGCG: epigallo-catechin-3-gallate. For abbreviations see text or other tables. 
The safety and efficacy are now being evaluated through clinical studies (phase-I/II) [ 117 ]. 
Protein Function. 
Components of the nucleotide excision repair pathway and their functions. 
SNP Disease association Reported effect on ANRIL expression. 
Disease-associated SNPs correlated with ANRIL expression. 
Exon numbers are based on the 19 exon transcript. 
MSG Chromosome location Molecular alterations Effect of the molecular alterations. 
Metastatic suppressor genes involved in brain metastasis. 
Drug Target Primary tumor Notes. 
Clinical trials * with antiangiogenic agents targeting brain metastasis. * Information obtained from the National Cancer Institute. 
Transcription factor/signaling pathway Tumor type Drug resistance References. 
Summary of chemoresistance-related signaling pathways in this review. 
Cell Line Category Dacom.IC50 g SE Cetux. %Inhib. %SE K-RAS PIK3CA EGFR *. 
Categories encompass the following subsites: oral cavity; front 2/3 of tongue, floor of mouth, alveolar ridge. Hypopharynx; hypopharynx. Larynx; larynx, supraglottis. Oropharynx; base of tongue, tonsil, tonsillar pillar. IC50 g is Dacomitinib IC50 g and Cetux. % Inhib. is Cetuximab percent inhibition. 
EGFR:Centromere 7. Dacom. 
Ploidy and copy number were variable in these cell lines, and in the table we use the most common copy number. 
CD4/CD8 CD4 CD8. 
Note: * P <0.05. 
?-SMA Collagen I Collagen III. 
Note: * P< 0.05,. 
P <0.01. 
?-SMA Collagen I Collagen III. 
Note: * P <0.05,. 
P <0.01. 
Gene Genbank Accession Primer Sequences Annealing Temperature Expected Size. 
Gene Genbank Accession Primer Sequences Annealing Temperature Expected Size. 
Gene Forward primer, 5?–3? Reverse primer, 5?–3? Size(bp) Temp. 
pAKT a  N° Negative Positive P value. 
Patients for which pAKT staining was available (N°). 
Normal vs Tumour Tissue. 
S-OC: S erous O varian C arcinoma. 
E-OC: E ndometrioid O varian C arcinoma. 
CC-OC: C lear C ell O varian C arcinoma. 
Mu-OC: M ucinous O varian C arcinoma. 
M-OC: M ixed O varian C arcinoma. 
NS : not significant. 
pAKT  Negative Positive P value. 
Patients for which pAKT staining was available (N?=?93). 
Patients for which both Grade and pAKT staining were available (N?=?87). 
Patients for which both Figo Stage and pAKT staining were available (N?=?93). 
NS : not significant. 
pAKT     Negative Positive N° P value. 
NS : not significant. 
pAKT    Negative Positive Total. 
Low polisomy and negative samples for which pAKT staining was available. 
High polisomy and amplified samples for which pAKT staining was available. 
Alteration pAKT negative(N?=?20) pAKT positive(N?=?73). 
High AKT1 expression as defined in the manuscript. 
High AKT2 expression as defined in the manuscript. 
High PIK3CA expression as defined in the manuscript. 
PTEN loss as defined in the manuscript. 
PIK3CA pAKT pmTOR   Neg High P Neg Pos P Neg Pos P. 
NS : not significant. 
Experiment Small molecule inhibitor Antibody Target Target rank Target type. 
For cell viability assays, the inhibitors used are listed. Note that some inhibitors have multiple targets. For ChIP-Seq, the antibody used is listed. 
GO Term Description P-value % FDR Official gene symbol. 
1,969 genes within 10 kb of 7,657 high stringency peaks called by MACS (p<1E-07) [112] were input into the DAVID functional annotation tool [120] to identify enriched Biological Process terms with FDR <5%. 
Compound Target Current status. 
  R3616 R7020 Control (n= 7 ) Sham (n= 6 )   10 3 (n= 4 ) 10 5 (n= 3 ) 10 7 (n= 4 ) 10 3 (n= 5 ) 10 5 (n= 4 ) 10 7 (n= 3 )    . 
Indicates statistical significance with respect to control, P <0.05. 
Drug Effect Mechanism of action Target organ Class. 
Possible treatments directly targeting WAT and/or BAT in obesity and type 2 diabetes. 
Molecules in Network P - Value Top Functions. 
IPA analysis was performed in order to identify the molecular pathways and functions of the differentially expressed mRNAs of combined treatment compared to control group in bladder tumor xenografts. Most significantly enriched groups relating to molecular and cellular functions are shown. The networks were generated on the basis of the published literature and ranked by the P-value calculated by Fisher’s exact Test. 
Surface Protein Protein K d (nM). 
Binding of purified human I2PP2A/SET to C18-ceramide, FTY720 and P-FTY720 in vitro , measured using SPR. 
K d values determined with SPR. All data was collected at 1 µM I2PP2A in 20 mM HEPES, pH 7.4 buffer containing 160 mM KCl. 
Liposomes contained POPC:POPE: x at (75:20:5) ratio while control liposomes contained POPC:POPE at a (80:20) ratio. 
N.D. refers to not detectable on the indicated surface. 
TR3-WT TR3-KO     Sham ( n = 15) AngII ( n = 15) Sham ( n = 15) AngII ( n = 15). 
Ecocardiographic paramters from sham-operated and AngII-administrated mice. 
IVSd, indicates diastolic interventricular septum; LVPWd, diastolic left ventricular posterior wall thickness; LVIDd, diastolic left ventricular internal dimension; LVIDs, systolic left ventricular internal dimension; FS, fractional shortening; HR, heart rate; BP, blood pressure; BW, body weight; HW, heart weight; TL, tibial length. 
After AngII administration for 4 weeks, TR3-WT mice exhibited increased length of IVSd and LVPWd and reduced LVIDd and LVIDs. FS in TR3-WT mice decreased to 31.46%, but in TR3-KO mice, FS was not affected (62.42%) by AngII administration. Sham-operated and AngII-operated TR3-WT and TR3-KO mice were weighed, and their hearts were removed and measured. For HW measurement, all hearts were dried at 60°C and weighed. Tibias were dissected and measured. Comparisons were made between TR3-WT and TR3-KO after AngII administration using the ANOVA statistical method. p1, WT versus TR3-KO after AngII administration; p2, sham-operation versus AngII administration in WT mice. *** p < 0.001; ** p < 0.01; * p < 0.05. 
Normal group ( n = 15) Hypertrophic group ( n = 15). 
Echocardiographic parameters of human patients and relative protein levels. 
After Western blotting, the protein levels of TR3 and TSC2 were quantified using Photoshop software. The levels of IVSd and LVPWd and the expression level of TR3 were very significantly elevated in the hypertrophic group compared to the normal group; in contrast, the expression level of TSC2 was significantly decreased in hypertrophic group compared to the normal group (*** p < 0.001; ** p < 0.01). 
S. no Ontomine predicted bioassays Confidence level Compound(s) Reference no. 
Bioassay targets are confirmed as AML active proteins by literature searches and associated binding proteins are predicted by Ontomine. 
S. no Ontomine predicted compound(s) Bioassay targets References no. 
Protein targets for natural products previously reported in the literature. 
Compound Cscore Dscore Combiscore. 
(a) Singlet analysis. 
Compound Cscore Dscore Combiscore. 
(b) List of binary combinations selected by analysis. 
Compound Cscore Dscore Combiscore. 
(c) List of triple combinations selected by analysis. 
Thymocyte population Relative high expression Relative low expression. 
Alterations in microRNA signature during T-cell development in the thymus. (according to Neilson et al. [ 539 ]). 
DN: double negative (CD4?8?). 
DP: double positive (CD4+8+). 
SP: single positive (CD4+8? or CD4?8+). 
Cancer type Increased expression Decreased expression References. 
MicroRNA signature in various lymphoid malignancies. The table shows microRNAs that have been detected at higher or lower levels in lymphoid malignancies according to data in the literature. More detailed description is found in Sections 3 and 4 . It should be emphasized that the table presents microRNAs that are frequently dysregulated, and the microRNA expression pattern may vary during disease progression and depends on the ontogeny and tumor grade. Also, there are variabilities between the different studies which may be due to generalized classification or more specific classification of the given malignancy. Also, the reference gene and cell type used as control may affect the interpretation of microRNA profiling. MicroRNAs that can affect or are related to GC signaling and/or GC-induced apoptosis are highlighted in bold. 
Abbreviations: ALK: anaplastic lymphoma kinase; ALCL: anaplastic large cell lymphoma; C-ALCL: cutaneous large cell lymphoma; cHL: classical Hodgkin's lymphoma; DLBCL: diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; FL: follicular lymphoma; MCL: mantle cell lymphoma. 
*Variation in expression, dependent on the tumor grade. 
miRNA Important target genes Regulation/expression Effect on GC-induced apoptosis References. 
Target genes of prominent microRNAs in lymphoid malignancies and their role in regulating GC-mediated apoptosis. Relations to GC signaling and/or GC-induced apoptosis are highlighten in bold. More detailed description is found in Sections 3 and 4 . 
? upregulated, ? downregulated. 
Abbreviations: AC9: adenylyl cyclase 9; BCL: B-cell lymphoma, Blimp1: B lymphocyte-induced maturity protein 1; cHL: classical Hodgkin's lymphoma; GSI- gamma secretase inhibitor; LMO2: LIM domain only 2; MDR: multidrug resistant gene; Msh2: DNA MutS homolog 2; MTSS1: Metastasis suppressor 1; NHL: non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; NLK: nemo-like kinase; PDCD4: programmed cell death 4; PMA: phorbol myristate acetate; SHIP1: SH2 (Src-homology 2) domain-containing inositol phosphatase 1; SOCS1: suppressor of cytokine signaling; SPRY2: Sprouty2; TPM-1: Tropomyosin 1; TRAF6: TNF receptor-associated factor 6; WTAP: Wilms' tumor-associated protein isoform 1; XIAP: X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein. 
Mediators Model Pathophysiological effect References. 
Mast cell mediators and their roles in gingival tissue. 
Metabolic parameters BM transplantation  WT Abca1 ?/?Abcg1 ?/?. 
Effect of leukocyte ABCA1 and ABCG1 deficiencies on body weight, plasma leptin levels, subcutaneous and retroperitoneal adipose depots, plasma glucose, insulin and TNF levels, epididymal adipose tissue cellularity, and energy metabolism. 
Values are mean ± SEM ( n = 5 per group). *, P < 0.05 versus controls. 
Factor n K-Ras mutation n (%) Pearson’s P-value EGFR mutation n (%) Pearson’s P-value. 
Distribution of clinical parameters in NSCLC patients. 
NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Patient characteristics SCC AK d NS d Peripheral blood Patient Gender a Age b Transplanted organ Drugs c location location location Yes/No. 
Patient and tumor characteristics. 
a F: female; M: male. 
b Age when SCC used for study was diagnosed. 
c Immunosuppresive drugs at time of SCC diagnosis. MMF: mycophenolate mofetil; P: prednisone; Aza: azathioprine. 
d n.a?=?not available for study. 
  Type of aberration Cytoband Mb location Size (Mb)  . 
Overview of chromosomal aberrations in SCCs and AKs. 
* heterogeneous chromosomal aberration: observed in less than 70% of the tumor sample. 
  SCC vs. NS AK vs. NS SCC vs. AK ‘Progression’. 
Overview of differentially expressed probes (DEPs) between the different sample groups. 
* Total number of DEPs (number of upregulated DEPs/number of downregulated DEPs). 
TF TF class Target genes Z-score a Fisher score b. 
Results oPOSSUM analysis of overrepresented transcription factors in the differentially expressed genes from limma (logFC?>?0.5, FDR?<?0.01). 
a The Z-score determines whether a TFBS occurs more frequently in the set of co-expressed genes compared to pre-computed background set provided by the package. 
b The Fisher score (one-tailed Fisher exact) is calculated to determine the probability of non-random association between the co-expressed genes and the TFBS site of interest. 
c The number of genes in the differentially expressed gene set that could be aligned to the pre-computed background. 
For more details on the oPOSSUM analysis: S.J. Ho Sui et al., (2005) Nucleic Acid Res., 33: 3154–64. 
QPCR validation experiment                       Normalized relative expression a     Fold change and P-value Student’s T -test b     NS (n?=?10) AK (n?=?13) SSC (n?=?15) SCC vs NS AK vs NS SCC vs AK Gene Median SE Median SE Median SE log 2 (FC) p-value log 2 (FC) p-value log 2 (FC) p-value. 
Results QPCR validation compared with the results from the genome-wide expression analysis. 
a Relative expression normalized to the expression level of four reference genes. 
b Bold values represent the comparisons that could be statistically confirmed in the QPCR validation experiment. 
c VST transformed RSN normalized data. 
Gene Accession number Forward primer 5 ? ?>?3 ? Reverse primer 5 ? ?>?3 ? Amplicon size (bp). 
QPCR primers. 
ErbB receptor Nomenclature Binding partner Ligand Major signaling molecules Other binding proteins. 
ErbB molecules and their ligands and adaptors/effectors . 
ErbB receptor Tissue Cell type Function. 
Brain distribution and functions of ErbB1-4 . 
Virokine (ErbB-binding proteins) Receptors Related proteins. 
Virokines that bind to ErbB receptors . 
MiRNA Biological Pathway P value <0.05 Genes Fold Enrichment Benjamini FDR. 
FDR?=?False Discovery Rate. 
Ubiquitin-Mediated Proteolysis mRNA-miRNA Pair Predicted pairing of target and miRNA Position in 3? UTR Seed Match PCT. 
PCT – Probability of conserved targeting (Friedman, 2009). 
Endocytosis Pathway mRNA-miRNA Pair Predicted pairing of target and miRNA Position in 3? UTR Seed Match PCT. 
PCT – Probability of conserved targeting [23] . 
Gene Primer name Sequence (5?- 3?) Product size (bp). 
p73 allele Primer pairs. 
Primer sequences for methylated and unmethylated alleles of p73. 
IC50 A549 PC-9. 
IC50 values of sorafenib and gemcitabine were determined by MTT. 
IC50, concentration resulting in inhibition of 50% of the maximal cell growth. 
Gene Role Reference. 
IRF-1 target genes. 
IFN, interferon; IRF, IFN regulatory factor; PKR, RNA-dependent protein kinase; 2?,5?-OAS, 2?,5?-oligo(A) synthesis; Lox, lysol oxidize; TRAIL, TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand; PUMA, p53 unregulated modulator; BRIP1, ATP-dependent RNA helicase; BARD1, BRCA1-associated ring domain protein 1; HPGD, hydroxyprostaglandin; PLAGL1, pleiomorphic adenoma gene-like 1; RASSF5, Ras association domain family 5; AKAP12, a kinase (PRKA) anchor protein 12; LMP-2, low molecular weight protein-2; TAP-1, transporter associated with antigen processing-1; MHC-I, major histocompatibility complex I; IL, interleukin. 
Topical rapamycin used for treatment of facial angiofibromas. 
Symbol Name Cancer a Normal a. 
Lipid metabolic process genes negatively correlated with EGFR or MET. 
Values in the columns show the Pearson correlation coefficients for the respective growth factor genes. 
Symbol Positive Negative. 
Number of genes significantly correlated with lipid metabolism genes. 
Term Count Benjamini. 
Enriched GO biological process terms showing significant correlations with mevalonate and fatty acid synthesis pathway genes. 
Term Count Benjamini. 
Enriched GO biological process terms with the NFY-correlated genes. 
Symbol Name. 
List of genes in subnets 1 and 2 that were positively associated with the NFY-correlated genes. 
PE (microarrays) PE (qPCR) A61603 (qPCR)  0.5 h 1 h 1 h 0.5 h 1 h Gene symbol Mean Mean Mean S.E.M. Mean S.E.M. Mean S.E.M. 
Cardiomyocytes were exposed to PE or A61603 for 0.5 or 1 h. RNA was extracted and analysed using Affymetrix microarrays or by qPCR. Results are expressed relative to the controls. Microarray results are means for n =3. The qPCR data are means±S.E.M. ( n =3). Gene symbols are provided; accession numbers are provided in Supplementary Table S1(B) at http://www.biochemj.org/bj/450/bj4500351add.htm Arc , activity-regulated cytoskeleton-associated protein; Ch25h , cholesterol 25-hydroxylase; Clcf1 , cardiotrophin-like cytokine factor 1; Edn1 , endothelin 1; Gclc , glutamate-cysteine ligase, catalytic subunit; Gpr3 , G-protein-coupled receptor 3; Rasd1 , RAS, dexamethasone-induced 1; Rasl11b , RAS-like, family 11, member B. 
Interacting partners Binding sites * Approach ** Significance Reference. 
A partial list of Filamin-A interacting partners. 
Note:. 
*: This column indicates the domains involved in the respective interactions. Numbers in this column represent the repeat numbers of filamin-A. 
**: The approaches used to demonstrate the interaction including, (a) yeast two-hybrid; (b) in vitro pull-down; (c) co-immunoprecipitation; or (nd), not determined. 
Research system Observations Reference. 
Summary of literature of filamin-A in cancer metastasis. 
Type of tumour Infectious Agent Direct/indirect carcinogenesis* Mechanism of Carcinogenesis. 
Cancer diseases and associated infectious agents. 
*Agents Classified by the IARC Monographs , Volumes 1–106 [ 80 ]. 
Gene   Primer sequence Fragment size (bp). 
Primers used for RT-PCR analysis. 
Female Female  D62–90 D30–90 Gene Vehicle vs TP Vehicle vs TP. 
D30 MI-TP (n?=?6 vehicle, n?=?6 TP) caused increased IGF1R expression in a similar fashion to that observed in female fetuses exposed to MI-TP from d62, but in the case of the other genes measured, there was no response to treatment from d30 in female fetuses, similar to the lack of response observed in d62 MI-TP male fetuses (see Figure 4 ). Asterisks denote significant difference between vehicle and TP treated *P<0.05;. 
P<0.01. 
Female fetuses Vehicle ( in vivo ) D62–D90 TP (in vivo )  In vitro Insulin secreted Insulin secreted   ng/mg tissue (SI) ng/mg tissue (SI) Significance. 
There was no effect of d62 MT-TP on insulin concentrations (d90 female vehicle n?=?6, MI-TP n?=?8). Pancreatic tissue was collected from control and MI-TP-exposed female fetuses, enzymatically dispersed and cultured in vitro. Only tissue from vehicle treated pregnancies was able to mount the expected increase in insulin secretion (*P<0.05) in response to elevated (20 mM) glucose in vitro. Under euglycaemic glucose concentrations (5.5 mM), in vivo MI-TP-exposure lead to a significantly reduced SI (#P<0.05) in female fetuses, however, basal insulin secretion from MI-TP fetal pancreatic tissue was significantly elevated as compared to tissue derived from vehicle treated fetuses (P<0.05), and comparable to maximal secretion of vehicle treated tissue stimulated by 20 mM glucose. 
A. Cells with extensive junctional communication Cell line Treatment ? Src ? (%) Stat3 ? (%) GJIC ?       50% 100+3d 90% 100+3d. 
Effect of Stat3 downregulation upon GJIC. 
? For Stat3 inhibition, cells were treated with 50 ?M CPA7, or the DMSO carrier for 24 hrs, or infected with a lentivirus vector expressing a Stat3-specific, shRNA [ 37 ]. For Stat3 upregulation, cells were infected with a retroviral vector containing Stat3C. Jak inhibitor-1 was used at 5?M [ 16 ]. 
? Stat3-tyr705 or Src-ptyr418 levels were measured by Western blotting. Numbers represent relative values obtained by quantitation analysis. Averages of at least three experiments ±SEM are shown. For Stat3, data from cells grown to 50% confluence or 3 days after confluence are presented [ 15 ], with the average of the values for DMSO-treated, Src-transduced, SK-LuCi6- Src cells grown to 50% confluence taken as 100%. The transcriptional activity values obtained paralleled the Stat3-705 phosphorylation levels indicated (Figure 4 C and D, see Methods). 
? GJIC was assessed by in situ electroporation at the indicated confluences (see Methods, Figure 8 ). Quantitation was achieved by dividing the number of cells into which the dye had transferred through gap junctions (denoted by dots, Figure 1 B and 2 A), by the number of cells at the edge of the electroporated area (denoted by stars). Numbers are averages ±SEM of at least three experiments, where transfer from more than 200 cells was examined. 
N/A: Not applicable. 
  ??Cells ? GJIC ?. 
GJIC in primary lung carcinoma cells ?. 
? Immediately after surgery, cells were placed in culture and GJIC examined (see Methods, Figure 7 ). After 8-10 weeks in culture, most of the tumor cells had died while the fibroblasts present in the initial suspension predominated. These cells did not express cytokeratins, contrary to tumor cells [ 18 ]. The fibroblasts shown were derived from the moderately differentiated adenosquamous carcinoma tumor above (Figure 3 , c-d ). GJIC was examined as in Table 1 , at 3 days after confluence. 
N [M/F] Age(Years) Pack-Years FEV1(% Pred) FEV1/FVC Volume (mL) Volume(% instilled) WCC(x109/L) Mac(%) Lymph(%) Neut(%). 
Data shown as median (range). Abbreviations : COPD: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, FEV1: forced expiratory volume in 1 second, FVC: forced vital capacity. WCC: total leukocyte count, Volume (mL): the recovered volume of BAL, Volume (% instilled): % volume recovered from instillation of 150 mL, Mac: alveolar macrophages, Lymp: lymphocytes, Neut: neutrophils. 
p <0.05;. 
<0.001 vs. control. 
Trial patient selection treatment/number of patients ORR (%) PFS (months) OS (months). 
Summary of first-line efficacy data of TKIs in patients with EGFR-mutated advanced NSCLC (results from randomized phase III trials of gefitinib/erlotinib versus standard chemotherapy). 
EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; ORR: objective response rate; PFS: progression-free survival; OS: overall survival; HR: hazard ratio; OR: odds ratio; NA: not available, NR: not reported. 
miRNA Expression in HCC Regulator Target Involvement in cellular processes References. 
MiRNAs deregulated in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
? Polymorphisms ID Gene Association with HCC Risk. 
SNPs in miRNAs and their target genes and the association with risk of HCC. 
miRNA Expression in HCC Clinical relevance. 
Clinical relevance of deregulated microRNAs in HCC. 
Proportions of Substitutions at the HPRT Locus Observed at Increasing Concentrations of MNU. 
Notes . The values in bold represent the most predominant substitution at each concentration. n = 22 for 0 µg/ml, n = 40 for 0.00075 µg/ml, and n = 36 for 0.025 µg/ml (see text for details). 
* p ? 1×10?60. 
CHIP  Variable Total n=78 LEG (n=57) % HEG (n=21) % P-value. 
Association of CHIP expression with clinicopathological characteristics of gallbladder carcinoma. 
CHIP, carboxyl terminus of Hsp70-interacting protein; LEG, low expression group; HEG, high expression group. 
P values were calculated by pairwise comparisons from ?2 test or Fisher’s exact test. 
P values were calculated by comparisons of four groups from linear-by-linear associations. 
Variables Hazard ratio 95% confidence interval P-value. 
Univariate analysis of the association of prognosis with clinicopatholocal parameters and CHIP expression in patients with gallbladder carcinoma. 
CHIP, carboxyl terminus of Hsp70-interacting protein; LEG, low expression group; HEG, high expression group. 
Variables Hazard ratio 95% confidence interval P-value. 
Multivariate analysis of the association of prognosis with clinicopathological parameters and CHIP expression in patients with gallbladder carcinoma. 
CHIP, carboxyl terminus of Hsp70-interacting protein; LEG, low expression group; HEG, high expression group. 
RBM5 expression KRAS expression Clinicopathological features n Under Over P-value Under Over P-value. 
Correlations between RBM5 and KRAS expression and the clinicopathological features of pancreatic cancer. 
RBM5, RNA binding motif 5; UICC, Union for International Cancer Control. 
Variable HR 95% CI P-value. 
Multivariate analysis of tumor recurrence for pancreatic cancer following radical resection. 
HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; UICC, Union for International Cancer Control. 
Study 1: training Study 2: verification Variable Categories FLT3 ITD? n?=?38 FLT3 ITD+ n?=?8 All (%) n?=?46 P FLT3 ITD? n?=?85 FLT3 ITD+ n?=?19 All (%) n?=?104 P. 
Bold text indicates fields that are significantly different between the training and verification sets. 
WBC indicates white blood cell; NPM1 , nucleophosmin 1; RAEB-t, refractory anemia with excess blasts in transformation; and RAEB, refractory anemia with excess blasts. 
Variable Range FLT3 ITD? FLT3 ITD+ All P. 
Fisher's exact test was applied to categorical variables. 
NR indicates non-responder; and CR, complete responder. 
Variable Categories DFS Less than 1 year n?=?24 DFS 1 year or greater n?=?15 All CR n?=?39 P. 
Modeling of DFS was performed only among patients who achieved CR to induction therapy. Each of the clinical co-variates, demographic characteristics and molecular characterics was tested for association with DFS using logrank test. 
Logrank test was applied to compute p-values. 
Cytogenetics was coded as continuous variable: Favorable?=?1, Intermediate/Unknown?=?2, Unfavorable?=?3. 
DFS indicates disease free survival; CR, complete responder; WBC, white blood cell; NPM1 nucleophosmin 1; RAEB-t, refractory anemia with excess blasts in transformation; and RAEB, refractory anemia with excess blasts. 
Population Modulator Modulation time, minutes Antibody Metric P model * ‡ P node † P FLT3 MUT † P interaction term † ?. 
The table displays the p -values for the models ( P model) as well as the components: node ( P node), FLT3 ITD status ( P FLT3 MUT), and the interaction term ( P interaction term). 
p-S6 indicates phosphorylated S6 ribosomal protein; G.CSF, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; p-STAT3, phosphorylated signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; PMA, phorbol myristate acetate; p-ERK, phosphorylated endoplasmic reticulum kinase; SCF, Skp, Cullin, F-box containing complex; CD34, cluster of differentiation 34; cPARP, cleaved poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; and p-Chk2, phosphorylated checkpoint 2 protein kinase. 
Sample size n?=?39 for each row. 
Wald test used. 
t-test (H0:Slope?=?0). Significant p-value suggests influence of model component on hazard ratio. 
Log of hazard ratio fit of mutation data plus node with interaction term using Cox Proportional -hazards regression model: log h(t)?=??0+?1*FLT3 ITD+?2*node+?2*node*FLT3 ITD. 
Signaling examined in non-apoptotic leukemic cells (cPARP negative). 
Interaction term included in model to evaluate simultaneous influence of mutation and node on hazard ratio. 
Population Modulator Modulation time, minutes Antibody Metric P Model * ‡ P Node † P MolChar † P interaction term † ?. 
The table displays the p -values for the models ( P Model) as well as the components: node ( P Node), molecular characterization ( P MolChar), and the interaction term ( P interaction term). 
p-S6 indicates phosphorylated S6 ribosomal protein; G.CSF, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; p-STAT3, phosphorylated signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; PMA, phorbol myristate acetate; p-ERK, phosphorylated endoplasmic reticulum kinase; SCF, Skp, Cullin, and F-box containing complex; CD34, cluster of differentiation 34; cPARP, cleaved poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; and p-Chk2, phosphorylated checkpoint 2 protein kinase. 
Sample size n?=?39 for each row. 
Wald test used. 
t-test (H0:Slope?=?0). Significant p-value suggests influence of model component on hazard ratio. 
Log of hazard ratio fit of MolChar plus node with interaction term using Cox Proportional -hazards regression: log h(t)?=??0+?1*FLT3 ITD+?2*node+?2*node*FLT3 ITD. 
Signaling examined in non-apoptotic Leukemic cells (cPARP negative). 
Interaction term included in model to evaluate simultaneous influence of MolChar and node on hazard ratio. 
Model Node1 Node2 P Model * P Node1 † P Node2 †. 
log h(t)?=??0+?1*Node1+?2*Node2. 
Sample size n?=?29 for each row. 
Wald test used. 
t-test(H0:Slope?=?0). Significant p-value suggests influence of model component on hazard ratio. 
Chromosomal locus Marker Genetic locus (cM) Physical locus (bp) Configuration 0 Configuration 0 Configuration 2 Mb between markers (total area on Chr)     NPLall Genome-wide p-value NPLall . 
The most significant locus is highlighted in bold. Physical coordinates were mapped against the GRCh37.2 human genome assembly. The deCODE genetic map was used for genetic locations [22] and for markers absent on the deCODE map, genetic coordinates were estimated with linear interpolation using the markers’ physical coordinates. cM?=? centiMorgan. 
NPLall?=?non-parametric linkage score when testing for allele sharing among affected individuals. 
Marker Physicallocus (bp) Candidategenes Mouse GASgenes a. 
The linkage area is marked by asterisks and the highest linkage peaks are highlighted in bold. 
Genes in the mouse quantitative trait locus for susceptibility to group A streptococcal (GAS) infections on chromosome 2 [18] . (?) Genes up regulated and, (?) down regulated in GAS susceptible mouse strains. 
Chromosomal locus Max NPLall Genome-wide p-value Marker(s) Physical locus (bp). 
Max NPLall?=?maximum non-parametric linkage score when testing for allele sharing among affected individuals. 
SNP Physicallocus (bp) Gene; position Haploview Haploview Shared heterozygosity Haplotype pattern mining Haplotype pattern mining    Associated allele p-value  p-value Score. 
The haplotype that was significantly associated to erysipelas in Haploview is marked with bold letters in the “Associated allele” column. Significant p-values in Haploview or Haplotype pattern mining (HPM) for individual SNPs are also highlighted in bold. SNPs belonging to the associated haplotype and a significant p-value in Haploview, and with a significant p-value in HPM, and that showed shared heterozygosity among cases are marked with an asterisk. 
2 h TGF-?1 TNF-? TGF-?1+ TNF-?. 
24 h TGF-?1 TNF-? TGF-?1+ TNF-?. 
Dosage (ng/ml) E2 4-OH-E2 2-OH-E2. 
Anchorage independent growth, an indicator of neoplastic transformation of cells, was assessed as previously described by Zhang et al (31). Briefly, 5000 untreated and estrogen treated cells were seeded in each well and were grown for a minimum of 21 days over agar layer. The frequency of cell transformation was determined by counting the number of colonies that formed in the presence of E2, 4-OH-E2 or 2-OH-E2: (number of colonies formed/the total number of seeded cells) x 100. 
ICI 182780 E2 (100 ng/ml) 4-OH-E2 (100 ng/ml). 
Anchorage independent growth of 5000 untreated and E2 or 4-OH-E2 (100 ng/ml) treated MCF-10A cells in the presence or absence of an equal concentration of ICI 182780 was monitored by growing these cells for a minimum of 21 days over agar layer. The number of colony formed in each well was determined by a count of the number of colonies >63?um in diameter and data expressed as mean of the number of colonies formed in the four wells +/? S.D. 
Experimental Groups # of Mice # of Mice with Tumors (%) Tumor Weight (gm) Duration (Days). 
ND ?=? Not detected. 
Cell Cycle Progression Cell Viability MOLM14-luc+Treatment % G1/G0 % G2M % S % Viable % Apoptotic % Necrotic. 
Details of the assays used for these studies are provided in the Materials and Methods section. 
Cell Cycle Progression Cell Viability MOLM14-luc+ Treatment % G1/G0 % G2M % S % Viable % Apoptotic % Necrotic. 
Details of the assays used for these studies are provided in the Materials and Methods section. 
Drug Combination Cell Line ED25 ED50 ED75 ED90. 
Data shown here correspond to dose-response curves shown in Figures 5 and 6 and Figure S8 . Interpretation of combination indices is provided in the Materials and Methods section. 
ID Gender Age Type of glioma Grade Type ofexperiment. 
Note: RT-qPCR: real-time quantitative PCR. 
Gene Primer Product size (bp) Fold change. 
Note: These primers were designed by using Oligo6. Fold changes were computed by comparing between HGG and LGG. 
Note: L and H stand for LGG and HGG, respectively. 
Gene Description Location Total Gain Loss cnLOH LGG HGG. 
(A) LGG Pathway name Observed number Expected number R FDR. 
Note: R indicates the ratio of enrichment. 
(A) LGG GO term Description NG NGR Hyp*. 
Note:. 
NG?=?Number of annotated genes in the inquired list. 
NGR?=?Number of annotated genes in the reference list. 
Hyp*?=?Corrected hypergeometric P-value. 
miRNAs name Fold-change miRNAs family Seed sequence. 
miRNAs name Fold-change miRNAs family Seed sequence. 
KEGG Pathway Subcategory Observed P-value (FDR adjustment). 
Genome Number of uniquely mapping 50 bp reads Number of uniquely mapping bases Genome coverage Number of germline variants Uniquely mapping tag pairs Read-pair coverage. 
Basic sequencing statistics. 
Read pair coverage = (Number of uniquely mappable tag-pairs) × (Insert length)/Haploid genome size. 
Genomic position and allelesa Gene ID Codon change Amino acid consequence SIFT prediction. 
List of somatic coding point mutations and small indels. 
aReference allele/mutated allele. 
Spot no. Protein identification by MALDI-TOF MS Tryptic fragment coverage/matches MASCOT probability score/expect ( p ) UniProtKB/Swiss -Prot accession Protein mass (Da) p I. 
Protein identification of GW441756-controlled TrkA-dependent targets by MALDI-TOF MS analysis. 
Peptide profiles of the ten protein spots were analyzed by MALDI-TOF MS. The search program MASCOT ( http://www.matrixscience.com ) was used for identification using peptide mass fingerprinting. 
Spot no. Protein identification by MALDI-TOF/TOF MS/MS Tryptic fragment coverage/matches MASCOT probability score/expect ( p ) UniProtKB/ EMBL accession Protein mass (Da) p I. 
Protein identification of GW441756-controlled TrkA-dependent targets by MALDI-TOF/TOF MS/MS analysis. 
The protein spots identified by MALDI-TOF MS were reanalyzed by MALDI-TOF/TOF MS/MS in an independent experiment as described in Section 2. 
Genes Forwardprimer (5?–3?) Reverse primer (5?–3?). 
Primers sequences used for RT-qPCR. 
Contrast Upregulated Downregulated Total. 
Analysis of probesets with differential expression. 
?*Numbers in parenthesis are the number of probesets that were mapped to an NCBI gene database ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gene ). 
Probeset ID Gene symbol Gene entrez ID Gene name Log?FC* FC P value P adj. value. 
Genes upregulated in PBMCs of M. bovis infected and control cells. 
?*FC: fold change; **ND: not defined. 
Progestin Bioeffect and physical response Reference. 
In vitro , in vivo , and clinical effects of progesterone and its related compounds in HCC. 
Phase study Vector Expressed gene Patient number Virus titer used [reference]. 
Clinical gene therapy trials for mesothelioma. 
1Intratumoral injection. The transgene expression was observed despite antivaccinia antibody generated. 
2Twice intrapleural injections of E1/E3-deleted Ad at 3-day interval. One case showed more than 50% tumor reduction which was judged with a radiographic assessment on day 64. vp: virus particle. 
3A single intrapleural injection of either E1/E3-deleted or E1/E4-deleted Ad. Two long-term survivors (more than 6.5 years) were included in the E1/E4-deleted Ad-injected group. 
4A single intrapleural injection of E1/E3-deleted Ad. Maximum tolerance dose was judged as 9 × 1011 vp. Polymerase chain reaction detected the viral shedding in serum up to day 4 and in pleural fluid up to day 42. 
5Twice intrapleural injections of E1/E3-deleted Ad at 7-day interval. No maximum tolerance dose was reached. Neutralizing antibody was generated until day 7. 
Spot number Protein name Abbreviation UniProt accession number PI Mass (Da) MWS No. of peptides matched % seq cover Fold change T -test (p). 
Adolescent hippocampal proteomics comparing adolescent vehicle-treated WT and Nrg1 HET mice . 
Spot number Protein name Abbreviation UniProt accession number PI Mass (Da) MWS No. of peptides matched % seq cover Fold change T -test (p). 
Adolescent hippocampal proteomics comparing adolescent WT mice treated with vehicle and THC . 
Spot number Protein name Abbreviation UniProt accession number PI Mass (Da) MWS No. of peptides matched % seq cover Fold change T -test (p). 
Adolescent hippocampal proteomics comparing adolescent Nrg1 HET mice treated with vehicle and THC . 
Ligands ? Binding affinity (IC50 nM) ? sst1 sst2 sst3 sst4 sst5. 
Binding affinities of native SST and synthetic agonists for SST receptor subtypes. 
High affinity for individual SST receptors is reported in bold. 
D2R IC50: a7.9, b15, c27?nM, ND: not determined. 
? sst1 sst2 sst3 sst4 sst5. 
Main signalling systems regulated by the activation of SST receptors. 
?: activation, ? : inhibition, ?: no effects. 
Thoracic tumor Pleural effusion  Incidence Weight (mg) Incidence Volume ( ? l). 
Effects of U0126, LY294002 and combination therapy on thoracic tumor and pleural effusion produced by MPM cells in SCID mice. 
EHMES-10 cells were inoculated into thoracic cavity of severe combined immunodeficiency mice on day 0, and the mice were treated with U0126 (30 or 40 mg/kg) or LY294002 (25 or 50 mg/kg) or combination with 30 mg/kg U0126 and 25 mg/kg LY294002 i.p. on twice/week. Mice were sacrificed on day 30 and thoracic tumor and pleural effusion were evaluated. Data are median values (ranges). U, U0126; LY, LY294002;. 
P<0.05 compared to control. 
Weight (g) TP (g/dl) BUN (mg/dl) Cre (mg/dl) AST (IU/l) ALT (IU/l). 
Side effects of treatment with U0126 or LY294002 or combination therapy after 30 days. 
Mice were treated with U0126 (30 or 40 mg/kg) or LY294002 (25 or 50 mg/kg) or combination with 30 mg/kg U0126 and 25 mg/kg LY294002 i.p. twice/week, and the body weights, serum levels of total protein (TP), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine (Cre), aspartate amino transferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) were evaluated at the end of therapy on day 30. Data are median values (ranges). U, U0126; LY, LY294002;. 
P<0.05 compared to control. 
Obstructive Azoospermia of Genetic Origin. 
Genetic diseases and abnormalities that result in azoospermia at the post-testicular (obstructive azoospermia), pre-testicular and testicular (non-obstructive azoospermia) levels. 
Phenotype Genetic point of interest Type of testing. 
Table 2 - Genetic testing that is currently available for the investigation of azoospermia. 
CAVD: congenital agenesis of the vas deferens; CFTR: cystic fibrosis transmembrane regulator protein, FISH: fluorescence in situ hybridization; FSH: follicle-stimulating hormone; LH: luteinizing hormone; GnRH: gonadotropin-releasing hormone; HH: hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. 
Genetic test Phenotype Recommendation. 
Table 3 - The current recommendations for genetic testing in azoospermia based on clinical phenotypes. 
(A) Genes contributing to acetylcholine control of proteasome mediated degradation 17. 
(A) Genes that appear to control autophagic degradation 23. 
Tissue Signal Effect. 
Gene Primer sequence PCR product size (bp) GenBank accession no. 
Primer sequences for real-time polymerase chain reaction analysis. 
F, forward; R, reverse. 
Age Gender Site TNM. 
Patient, specimen and cell line characteristics. 
NA, not available. 
RASSF1A methylation MLH1 methylation MGMT methylation MGMT expression (A.U). 
Analysis of RASSF1A , MLH1 and MGMT promoter methylation by MSP in primary HNSCC and cell lines and MGMT expression. 
NA, not available; +, yes; ?, no. A.U., arbitrary units. 
Group miR-1301 p65 ?-catenin p53 Tg737 Bcl-2 Bcl-xL Caspase-3 Caspase-8. 
?Ct values of expression genes between the miR-1301 and the control groups. 
P<0.05 vs. the control group. 
Phase microRNA Expression and role Target Refs. 
microRNAs and their targets in different phases. 
BT-IC, breast cancer-initiating cells; EMT, epithelial-mesenchymal transition. 
Characteristic Patients no. %. 
Patient and tumour characteristics. 
CBDCA, carboplatin; CR, complete remission; ER, estrogen receptor; NA, not assessed; no., number; PD, progressive disease; PgR, progesterone receptor; PR, partial remission; SD, stable disease;. UN, unascertained (including a group of tumours where grading was G2–3). All tumours were IHC 3+ or/and FISH-positive. 
Akt isoform IHC staining No. of patients %. 
Akt isoforms expression and compartmentalization in a group of patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer. 
NA, not assessed; no., number. 
TTP OSt OSm Factors P-value a HR-95% CI a P-value a HR-95% CI a P-value a HR-95% CI a. 
Relationship between studied clinical and molecular factors and survival intervals. 
HR-95% CI, 95% confidence interval for the hazard ratio; ER, estrogen receptor; PgR, progesterone receptor; OSt, overall survival as a time from the initiation of trastuzumab based treatment to death from any cause; OSm, overall survival as a time from diagnosis of metastatic disease to death from any cause; TTP, time from the initiation of trastuzumab based treatment to the disease progression. 
Results of the univariate Cox regression analysis;. 
multivariate Cox regression analysis confirmed independence of this predictive factor (P<0.05). 
Function Number of probe sets. 
Functional classification of probe sets specifically modified under Rab1b with the numbers of genes that the probe sets represent shown in parentheses. 
List of vesicle trafficking genes altered in Rab1b-overexpressing cells. 
Proteins / genes Site of the cell Cellular process. 
Radiation sensitization targets. 
Trial description Sponsor Status. 
Accruing clinical trials combining radiosensitizing agents with radiation therapy. 
A, Ptch1 and Smo mutation status Cell line Ptch1 status Smo status. 
The (A) Ptch1 and Smo mutation status and (B) ras, p53, and activating EGFR mutation status of the 20 most cyclopamine-sensitive NSCLC cell lines examined in this study. 
Anticancer drug CI (mean ± SD at ED50). 
CI for A549 NSCLC cell line. 
CI, combination index; ED, median effective dose. 
Marker or gene ????? Primer (5 ? -3 ? ). 
Primers used in this study. 
Methylation status PTC (n?=?70) FTC (n?=?12) Benign (n?=?14) N (%) p * N (%) p* N (%). 
Association between methylation patterns of MLH1 and MGMT and histological subtypes. 
*p values compared against benign group. 
Methylation status Mutational status N (%) p. 
Association between methylation patterns of MLH1 and MGMT and mutational status. 
* Analysis performed only in the PTC group. 
Negative group comprises only samples without any of the alterations investigated. 
MSI status PTC FTC Benign N (%) p * N (%) p * N (%). 
Relationships between mutations and MSI patterns by histological subtype. 
* p values compared against the benign group. 
?Mutation status N (%) p. 
Relationships between mutations and MSI patterns. 
* Analysis performed only in the PTC group. 
Negative group comprises only samples without any of the alterations investigated . 
Methylated and MSI PTC FTC Benign N (%) N (%) N (%). 
Analysis of MSI and MLH1 or MGMT methylation. 
*p?=?0.079 compared with the benign group; **p?=?0.01. 
ID p -value Count Size Term. 
KEGG pathway enrichment analysis of differentially co-expressed genes. 
ID represents the identification number in the KEGG database; count represents the number of differentially co-expressed genes involved in this signaling pathway; size represents the number of total genes included in this pathway; and term represents the name of this KEGG pathway. 
Attribute Marker. 
Markers used to identify glioma stem cells. 
Virus Deletions Foreign gene/promoter insertion Reference. 
Summary of oncolytic HSVs discussed in the text. 
Protein Base pair substrate Excised base References. 
Substrate specificities of the different MutY and MUTYH proteins . 
Interaction partner Species Interaction site in MUTYH Stimulatory effect. 
Interaction partners of MUTYH . 
n.d., not determined. 
Posttranslational Site of Kinase Stimulatory modification modification  effect. 
Posttranslational modifications of MUTYH . 
n.d., not determined. 
UCT UCN UCI. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of tumor specimens from UC patients with and without colorectal cancer. 
Significantly short duration in UCN (= UCT) samples than UCI samples (P<0.05). 
UCT, UC-associated colorectal cancer tissues; UCN, matched normal epithelia; UCI, non-neoplastic, UC epithelia. 
Group PSD Age Gender Duration Onset Loc Type Dukes INF Ope. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of tumor specimens from patients with UC-associated colorectal cancer. 
UCT, UC-associated colorectal cancer tissues; UCN, matched normal epithelia; UCI, non-neoplastic UC epithelia; U in PSD, unmethylated; M in PSD, methylated; duration, disease duration (years); M in gender, male; F in gender, female; onset, age of onset (years); loc, location of carcinoma; A, D and R in loc, ascending colon, descending colon, and rectum, respectively; type, histological findings of carcinoma; well, poor, and muc in loc, well differentiated adenocarcinoma, poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma, and mucinous adenocarcinoma, respectively; Dukes, Dukes’ classification; INF, infiltration of neutrophils; ope, operation; total, partial, and right in ope, total colectomy, partial resection of the colon, and right hemi-colectomy, respectively. 
Code Antibody Source Dilution Retrieval method Localization No. of analyzed patients Observed expression pattern in GBMs. 
The 78 antibodies used for immunohistochemical study. 
C, cytoplasm; M, membrane; N, nucleus; APC, Adenomatous polyposis coli ; CDC25B, cell division cycle 25 homolog B; DCC, deleted in colorectal carcinoma; Dnmt1, DNA methyltransferases 1; E2F-1, E2F transcription factor 1; EGF, epidermal growth factor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; FHIT, fragile histidine triad; Id4, inhibitor of differentiation 4; MDM2, murine double minute-2; MIB-1, mindbomb homolog 1 ( Drosophila ); MLH1, mutL homolog 1; MMP, matrix metallopeptidase; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; Pgp, P-glycoprotein; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; RAR-?, retinoic acid receptor; Rb, retinoblastoma protein; SMA, ?-smooth muscle actin; Sox-2, sex determining region Y-box 2; TGF, transforming growth factor; TIMP-3, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; VEGFR1, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 1. 
Characteristics Cluster 1 (no.) Cluster 2 (no.). 
Clinical characteristics of patients from the original set. 
Variable Hazard ratio (95% CI) p-value. 
Cox proportional hazards multivariate analysis in overall survival. 
The UCSF grade was determined by the spatial relationship of the contrast-enhancing lesion (CEL) with the subventricular zone (SVZ) and cortex (46). 
Classification was as follows: group I, CEL contacting SVZ and infiltrating cortex; group II, CEL contacting SVZ but not involving cortex; group III, CEL not contacting SVZ but involving cortex; and group IV, CEL neither contacting SVZ nor infiltrating cortex. 
Code Protein Localization Adjusted p-value Up-/down-regulated at chemo-radiation-resistant group. 
Adjusted p-value for Student’s t-test for each protein and cellular location pairs. 
Characteristics Cluster 1A (no.) Cluster 2B (no.). 
Clinical characteristics of patients from the validation set. 
Methylation alterations b       Patient Gender Age Disease duration Matts’ score a Hyper Hypo Total. 
Patient and tissue characteristics, and epigenetic alterations. 
Histologically, the inflammatory activity of each specimen was classified according to the scale proposed by Matts SG ( 56 ) into the following categories: grade 1 (no inflammation), grade 2 (mild inflammation), grade 3 (moderate inflammation), grade 4 (severe inflammation). 
Percent of the MS-AFLP array spots that passed the low-intensity filter (13,515 per array) and exhibited log2 ratios below the hypermethylation threshold (hyper) or above the hypomethylation threshold (hypo). The total refers to the sum of hypermethylation and hypomethylation alterations. 
A, Hypermethylation alterations   In UCM    Hyper-methylated a Non-hyper-methylated. 
Concordance between hypermethylation and hypomethylation alterations detected by MS-AFLP arrays in cancer cell line CW-2 and non-cancer UCM samples. 
Spots hypermethylated in 3 or more UCM samples. 
Spots hypo-methylated in 3 or more UCM samples. The total number of spots is 13,515 after filtering the 30% lowest-intensity spots from the 19,308 methylation-sensitive spots printed on the MS-AFLP array. The number of spots without changes is an over-estimation because they include other loci that were not sufficiently amplified in the respective experiments. 
Cell line EGFR protein expression (%, mean ± SD) EGFR mRNA amplification (fold, mean ± SD) K-ras mutation. 
EGFR status and K-ras mutation in gastric cancer. 
EGFR protein expression on the cell surface was detected by flow cytometry. mRNA was purified from GC cell lines and EGFR amplification was analyzed using the Applied Biosystems 7500 Fast Real-Time PCR System. Mutation status of K-ras in cell lines was measured by ABI PRISM 310 DNA analyzer. 
Positive patients (%) Negative patients (%) P-value. 
Association between EGFR status and clinicopathological characteristics of patients including gender, age, stage, differentiation and metastasis. 
Cell lines KRAS Others BKM120 IC50 (?mol/l). 
Sensitivity of NVP-BKM120 in human gastric cancer cell lines. 
Shown are IC50 values of each drug using tetrazolium dye (MTT) assays as described in Materials and methods. 
PIK3CA mutation status refer to the Cancer Genome Project database from the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute ( www.sanger.ac.uk ). 
MT, mutant; WT, wild-type. 
   . 
List of proteasome inhibitors natural and synthetic in pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. 
Proteasome Inhibitor Cancer Type Cell cycle phase arrest Proteins/ Pathways involved. 
Table showing relationship between cell cycle arrests with some of the known proteasome inhibitors in different cancer types. 
Kinase Activity (%). 
Specificity of AS104 [ethyl 2-(3,3-dibenzyl1-triazenyl)-1H-pyrido(2,3-c)pyrrolo-3-carboxylate]. 
Kinase assays were performed as described in Materials and methods. 
USPSTF ACG ACS-MSTF Reference. 
Most commonly used screening and risk stratification systems. 
USPSTF: United States Preventive Services Task Force; ACG: American College of Gastroenterology; AS-MSTF: American Cancer Society - US Multi-Society Task Force; DOD: Department of Defense; FSIG: Flexible sigmoidoscopy (FS); COL: Colonoscopy; FOBT: Fecal occult blood test; FIT: fecal immunochemical test. 
sDNA: Stool DNA test; CTC: CT colonography; DCBE: Double-contrast barium enema. 
Risk groups based on colonoscopy findings Surveillance recommendations . 
The American Cancer Society - US Multi-Society Task Force on CRC (ACS-MSTF) and the American College of Radiology (ACR) surveillance guidelines according to risk groups defined by colonoscopic findings. 
Study: First Author, Year (Reference No.) a Annual gFOBT Biennial gFOBT Flexible Sigmoidoscopy Every 5 Years Flexible Sigmoidoscopy Every 5 Years + Annual gFOBT Colonoscopy Every 10 Years LYG Cost Cost/ LYG LYG Cost Cost/LYG LYG Cost Cost/LYG LYG Cost Cost/LYG LYG Cost Cost/ LYG. 
Discounted Life-years Gained, Costs, and Costs per Life-year Gained of Established Screening Strategies for Colorectal Cancer Compared With no Screening. Source: Iris Lansdorp-Vogelaar, Amy B. Knudsen and Hermann Brenner. Cost-effectiveness of Colorectal Cancer Screening. Epidemiol Rev (2011) 33 (1): 88-100. 
Abbreviations: Cost, net costs (in US dollars) of the screening strategy compared with no screening; CS, cost-saving; gFOBT, guaiac fecal occult blood test with Hemoccult II (Beckman Coulter, Inc., Brea, California); LYG, life-year gained compared with no screening. 
a The paper by Zauber et al. (22) contained analyses from 3 independently developed colorectal cancer models: MISCAN, SimCRC, and CRC-SPIN. 
Strategy and Study: First Author, Year (Reference No.) a  Study Details  Comparator Strategies CER b ICER b , c. 
(Incremental) Cost-effectiveness of Newly Developed Colorectal Cancer Screening Strategies Compared With no Screening and With Established Tests. Source: Iris Lansdorp-Vogelaar, Amy B. Knudsen and Hermann Brenner. Cost-effectiveness of Colorectal Cancer Screening. Epidemiol Rev (2011) 33 (1): 88-100. 
Abbreviations: CER, cost-effectiveness ratio compared with no screening; COL, colonoscopy; CS, cost-saving; CTC, computed tomographic colonography; FIT, fecal immunochemical test; FSIG, flexible sigmoidoscopy; gFOBT, guaiac fecal occult blood test with Hemoccult II (Beckman Coulter, Inc., Brea, California); ICER, incremental cost-effectiveness ratio; SENSA, guaiac fecal occult blood test with Hemoccult SENSA (Beckman Coulter). 
a The paper by Zauber et al. (22) contained analyses from 3 independently developed colorectal cancer models: MISCAN, SimCRC, and CRC-SPIN. 
b Values are expressed as 2010 US dollars. 
c Dominant indicates that the test of interest (i.e., FIT, stool DNA, or CTC) was more effective and less costly than the comparator strategies. Dominated indicates that the test of interest was less effective and more costly than the reported comparator strategies. 
d Insure FIT, Enterix Inc., Edison, New Jersey; Magstream, Fujirebio Inc., Tokyo, Japan; OC-SENSOR, Eiken Chemical Co. Ltd., Tokyo, Japan; PreGen-Plus, EXACT Sciences Corporation, Madison, Wisconsin. 
Methods Efficiency Insufficiency or drawbacks Reference. 
Advantages and limitations of current screening methods. 
N0 Screening method Frequency Cost/screening ($) 10-year cost ($). 
Comparison of the estimated costs of USPSTF recommended screening methods. 
# Issues and facts. 
Issues insufficiently addressed by the current risk stratification systems. 
# Barriers and obstacles. 
Barriers and obstacles to compliance with recommended screening. 
Test name Manufacturer Test details. 
A number of approved KRAS mutation tests available for use in CRC. 
Parameter n Net IHC score   <30 ?30 P Value a. 
Kruskal-Wallis test and Mann-Whitney U-test. 
Tumor classification was made according to International Union Against Cancer (2002). 
Study group from  hyperglycemic mother (n?=?6) normoglycemic mother (n?=?6). 
n?=?number of kidneys, mean ± SD, P<0.01 compared with normoglycemic group,. 
Comparison to NBD1, p<0.01. 
Comparison to normoglycemic mother, p<0.01. 
Gene Primer sequence. 
Real time PCR primers were designed using the websites: www.idtdna.com , www.basic.northwestern.edu/biotools/oligocalc.html , http://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Blast . cgi, and synthesized at Sigma-Genosys (St. Louis, MI). 
Gene Complete name Fold change P value. 
Only genes that demonstrated ?1.4>1.4 log2-fold difference and P<0.05 from RT2 PCR arrays are shown. 
Gene Complete name Fold change P value. 
Only genes that demonstrated ?1.3>1.3-log2 fold difference and P<0.05 from RT2 PCR arrays are shown. 
Malignancy p110?PI3K aberration. 
Malignancies with aberrant p110? signaling highlighted in this review . 
Malignancy Targeted isoform  p110? p110? p110? p110?. 
Summarized findings showing the effects of p110 isoform-selective inhibitors in cell lines and patient cells from different hematological malignancies and in animal models described in the text . 
Inhibition of p-Akt and p-ERK. 
Inhibition of B-CLL survival. 
Inhibition of TNF?-, BAFF- and CD40L-induced survival. 
Inhibition of protective effects provided by fibronectin, stomal cells or NLC. 
Decreased secretion of CCL2 and CCL3 from CLL cells, CXCL13 from stromal cells, various survival factors from NLC. 
Inhibition of chemotaxis of B-CLL to CXCL12, CXCL13, S1P and stromal cell lines. 
Depletion of MZ B cells from the spleen. 
Inhibition of phosphorylation of Akt and P70S6K. 
Inhibition of MM cells growth. 
Inhibition of IL6-, IGF-1- or stromal cells-induced phosphorylation of Akt, P70S6K and cell growth. 
Inhibition of growth of transplanted human MM cells in xenograft mouse models. 
Inhibition of phosphorylation of Akt and S6. 
Increased cleavage of the apoptotic markers caspase 3 and poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase. 
Inhibition of phosphorylation of Akt. 
Induction in apoptosis. 
Inhibition of stroma cells-induced Akt activation. 
Disruption of survival signals mediated by CCL5, CCL17, and CCL22 in co-cultures of HL cells with stromal cells. 
Inhibition of Akt phosphorylation. 
Reduction in viable cells number. 
Reduction in NF-kB activity. 
Enhancement of cytotoxic effects of VP16. 
Suppression of the ATRA-induced phosphorylation of Akt and S6. 
Induction in apoptosis. 
Suppression of the ATRA-induced phosphorylation of Akt and S6. 
Induction in apoptosis. 
Mouse primer Forward Reverse. 
Primer sequence for qRT-PCR. 
IC 50  Doxorubicin (nM) Docetaxel (nM). 
IC50 of DOX and DOCT in MDA231 and MCF-7 cells. Cells were seeded in 96-well plates. Different concentration of each drug was added to different wells and after 48 hrs live cells were assayed by MTT assay. 
Variable (n?=?170) Cytokeratin 7 expression  negative (n?=?125) focal positive (n?=?30) diffuse positive (n?=?15) P. 
(G?=?tumor grade; cc?=?carcinoma; MSI?=?Microsatellite Instability; MSS?=?Microsatelite Stable; wt?=?wild type; MUT?=?mutant;). 
Variable (n?=?71) Localization of K-ras mutated carcinomas  Proximal colon (n?=?24) Distal colon and rectum (n?=?47) p. 
(G?=?tumor grade; cc?=?carcinoma; MSI?=?Microsatellite Instability; MSS?=?Microsatelite Stable; wt?=?wild type; MUT?=?mutant). 
abbreviation cell type experimental versus control condition number ofmicroarrays differentially transcribed genes. 
Ma(si(P)RR)  Ma(bafi)  Ma(PLZF; H, K)  Ma(geni)   input:  1652 input:  1788 input:  541 input:  636 function annotation p-value n [%] p-value n [%] p-value n [%] p-value n [%]. 
The significance levels, the number of involved molecules (n) as well as their percentages relative to the input datasets (under- and overrepresented transcripts) are given. The functional classification of a specific gene can be redundant due to the assignment of one gene to more than one category. 
Ma(si(P)RR) Ma(bafi) Ma(PLZF; H) ?Ma(PLZF; K) Ma(geni). 
Genes with a significantly changed mRNA level based on the defined FDR and fold change values are given. The numbers of concordantly (both increased, both decreased) and inversely (increased/decreased) regulated transcripts are specified. Diff. expr. mRNA: total number of differentially expressed mRNAs. 
experiment cell type/intervention 1 antibody for IP usedin intervention 1 cell type/intervention 2 antibody for IP used in intervention 2. 
Each two-color tiling array was hybridized with the amplified DNA of two experimental conditions (intervention 1 and intervention 2) simultaneously. The used antibodies for the DNA enrichments are indicated. 
gene ID gene symbol description fold changeMa(PLZF; K) Cc6 PLZF cis -element. 
The presence of the respective genes in the Cc6 results dataset and the presence of PLZF cis-elements within the ChIP-enriched regions are indicated by checkmarks. 
Ma(si(P)RR) Ma(bafi)   microarray validation by PCR microarray validation by PCR gene symbol gene ID rel. fold change[%] SER[%] n SEM p-value rel. fold change[%] SER[%] n SEM p-value. 
Total RNA used for microarray analyses was subjected to real-time PCR quantification. The standardised expression ratio (SER) indicates the expression normalised to 18S rRNA and standardised to control condition (scrambled siRNA or vehicle). A SER of 100% indicates no expression difference versus control. P-values were based on a two-tailed, unpaired t-test. SEM: standard error of the mean with respect to the intervention; n: number of single PCR measurements. Fold changes are given in percent relative to the control condition based on the microarray data. Validated Genes, i.e., those which showed significantly (p<0.05) altered mRNA levels as detected by real-time PCR and which additionally are concordantly regulated in microarray-analyses, are highlighted in bold. 
Upregulated miRNAs Downregulated miRNAs. 
No Name of the Compound Source of Organisms Chemical class Cancer Target Reference. 
Anticancer compounds from marine environment. 
ESCs hypersensitivity to DNA damage  Mechanism Pathway involved Species References. 
Main signaling pathways involved in stem cell maintenance of genomic stability, in aging and disease. 
NOX isoforms Subunits Regulators References. 
NOX isoforms, their regulatory subunits and activators. 
miRNA Cancer Cells Mechanism Expression Activity Biological effects Reference. 
miRNA regulatory activities in the mTOR pathway implicated in human cancer. 
Number of tumours (%). 
Clinico-pathological profiles of the tumours used in the study. 
Molecular alteration Alteration frequency (%). 
Overall frequencies of the molecular alterations analysed. 
Outcome variable Description of group Stage (II versus III) Location (proximal versus distal) Differentiation (grade, WD, MD, PD) Gender (F versus M). 
Associations between proposed molecular groups of colorectal cancers and clinico-pathological variables. 
The odds ratios (ORs) and p values are derived from unconditional logistic regression (Group N versus all other groups except miscellaneous) and are shown for all variables with an association. Clinico-pathological variables with no association ( p > 0.05) with any group are omitted. Significant associations are shown in bold. WT, wild-type; WD, well differentiated; MD, moderately differentiated; PD, poorly differentiated; F, female; M, male. Group 7 was not tested. 
Potential application Rationale and Hypothetical Effects Relevant literature *. 
Possible applications of extracellular vesicles in cancer diagnosis and therapy * . 
*These are presently largely theoretical possibilities, as no approved cancer therapy currently uses EVs as a tool, target, or companion diagnostic. The references do not provide evidence for these hypothetical scenarios, but merely point to the literature that may be relevant, or suggestive of a potential mechanism that may lead to EV use, development or feasibility of the respective approaches, as listed in the table . 
Usage Primer Sequence (5?–3?) Amplicon (bp). 
Primers for MS-HRMA, HRMA, and real-time PCR. 
? Normal mucosa Adenomas Carcinomas P value. 
Patients' basic clinical characteristics and molecular alternation information. 
CRCs Adenomas ?  Non methylation Partial methylation Extensive methylation P value Non methylation Partial methylation Extensive methylation P value. 
Methylation status, pathological features, and molecular alternations in CRCs and adenomas. 
mRNA expression Unmethylation and Partial methylation (<10%) Extensive methylation (?10%) P value. 
Correlation between DLC-1 mRNA expression and promoter methylation status in adenomas and CRCs. 
PC-associated antigens Characteristics and functions Location Tumor expression References. 
Pancreatic cancer-associated antigens for immune targeting. 
Peptide (Adjuvant) Combination Patients enrolled Phase of the study Clinical results References. 
Peptide vaccines-based clinical trial. 
DC-based vaccines Patients enrolled Phase of the study Clinical results References. 
DC-based vaccines clinical trial. 
Category Representative strategies/protein/drugs References. 
Antiangiogenic agents with radiosensitizing potentials. 
Strategies Mechanisms/representative strategies or drugs. 
Strategies to overcome radioresistance of hypoxic tumor cells. 
Modified figure from [ 14 ]. 
Author Strategy Cancer Model Effect. 
Strategies for the induction of anti-MUC1 T cell responses that are being studied in vitro and in vivo . 
Author Strategy Clinical trial phase Major observation Cancer type. 
MUC1-based immunotherapy trials. 
Agent Target or mode of action Phase of clinical development References. 
Summary of the developmental status of anti-cancer agents targeting mitochondrial apoptotic machinery . 
ANT, adenine nucleotide translocase; GSAO, 4-(N-(S-glutathionylacetyl)amino) phenylarsenoxide; CD437, 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl]-2-naphthalene carboxylic acid; HA14-1, 2-amino-6-bromo-4-(1-cyano-2-ethoxy-2-oxoethyl)-4H-chromene-3-carboxylate; HK, hexokinase; Mcl-1, myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1; MPTP, mitochondrial permeability transition pore; ROS, reactive oxygen species; VDAC, voltage-dependent anion channel. Modified and adapted by permission from Fulda et al. ( 2010 ) and Barbosa et al. ( 2012 ). 
RESIDUE SCORE SEQUENCE. 
Gene Family p-value Gene Name. 
Sample # Tumorlocation IgHrearrangement TCRrearrangement Histological abnormalities BCR/TCR-based tumor type. 
Characteristics of the tumors analyzed. 
LL = lymphoblastic lymphoma. N/A = not applicable. 
Tumor # Cytogenetics BCR/TCR-based tumor type Oncogene amplifications Tumor suppressor deletions Fragile site gene CNA MLL rearrangement partners amplified. 
Tumor cytogenetics and major copy number amplifications. 
Gene symbol Gene name Fold change P value (FDR adjusted) Function. 
Lipid metabolic genes differentially expressed in 3T3-L1 adipocytes transfected by Agt-shRNA vs. Sc-shRNA . 
FDR, false discovery rate . 
Gene symbol Gene name Fold change P value (FDR adjusted) Function. 
Inflammatory genes differentially expressed in 3T3-L1 adipocytes transfected by Agt-shRNA vs. Sc-shRNA . 
FDR, false discovery rate . 
Gene symbol Gene name Fold change P value Function. 
Genes with differential expression associated with adipogenesis pathway in 3T3-L1 adipocytes transfected by Agt-shRNA vs. Sc-shRNA . 
Gene symbol Gene name Fold change P value (FDR adjusted). 
Genes differentially expressed in 3T3-L1 adipocytes transfected with Agt-shRNA vs. Sc-shRNA . 
? ? Key targets ? http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ ? Drug name  IC50 RET [ ? M]* ? ? RET EGFR VEGFRs PDGFR cKIT FGFR MET BRAF Other ? Drugs in combination Status identifier (phase). 
Main targeted therapies currently in use for the treatment of medullary thyroid cancer. 
?*IC50 RET [ ? M]: 50% inhibitory concentration. 
**Status has not been verified in more than two years. 
Normalized Intensity Ratio P value  non-treat 25 µM 50 µM 25 µM/non 50 µM/non Average 25 µM 50 µM. 
Characteristics   (%). 
Abbreviations: PSA?=?prostate-specific antigen; GS?=?Gleason Score. 
Number of Genes Pathway ID KEGG Pathway p-value Gene Symbol. 
Log2 values Deleted gene Description 25% IC20 50% IC20 100% IC20. 
Fitness Scores for the Top 25 Mutants Identified as Significantly Sensitive to the Dieldrin IC20 (460?M) After 15 Generations of Growth. 
Note. Fitness scores quantify the requirement of a gene for growth and are defined as the normalized log2 ratio of the deletion strain’s growth in the presence versus absence of dieldrin. A total of 427 genes were important for fitness (i.e., had negative fitness scores) in at least one dieldrin treatment. Supplementary table 1 contains a list of all genes identified as significant by DSSA. 
GO biological process p value Genes identified k a f b. 
Genes Required for Growth in the Presence of Dieldrin and Their Associated MIPS or GO Categories. 
Note. A list of strains exhibiting sensitivity to at least two out of the three doses of dieldrin was entered into the FunSpec tool and analyzed for overrepresented biological attributes (see Materials and Methods section). 
a Number of genes in category identified as sensitive to dieldrin. 
b Number of genes in GO or MIPS category. 
Yeast gene(s) a Human ortholog Human protein. 
Selected Yeast Genes Required for Dieldrin Tolerance and Their Human Orthologs. 
a Deletion of any of these genes caused sensitivity to dieldrin (listed in alphabetical order). 
Gene names Sequences (5? to 3?). 
Gene names NCBI Accession No. Primers (5? to 3?) Sizes(bp). 
Gene names Primers (5? to 3?). 
V. amurensis V. vinifera cv.   Muscat of Hamburg  NCT(24°C) CT(4°C) NCT(24°C) NCT(4°C). 
V. amurensis V. vinifera cv. Muscat of Hamburg  24°C (NCT) 4°C (CT) 24°C (NCT) 4°C (CT). 
V. amurensis V. vinifera Common in both. 
Gene ID Accession No. Blastx results E -value Functional categorization Fold Up-regulated     . 
Gene ID Accession No. Blastx results E -value Functional categorization Fold Up-regulated     . 
Up regulated TF Down-regulated TF TF Va Vv common Va Vv common. 
ID Accession No. Blasts results Vitis amurensis Muscat of Hamburg    Solexa fold qPCR fold Solexa fold qPCR fold. 
Stages Challenges Recommendations. 
Atlas for using hPSC-astrocytes in normal and disease states . 
Cell lines derived from human and animal CCA. 
Selected genetic alterations associated with CCA for different cellular processes. 
Gene SNP Case/Control Genotype OR (95% CI) Ref. 
* Calculated with frequency from the original paper without adjustment. Ref: reference; IL: Interleukin; TNFA : tumor necrosis factor-? gene; IFNA : interferou-? gene; CTLA-4 : cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen-4 gene. 
Group 1 d 2 d 4 d 5 d 7 d 14 d. 
?Compared with the sham operation group, P < 0.05; *Compared with the intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) intervention group, P < 0.05. 
(mean±SD, n = 6). 
Group 1d 2 d 4 d 5 d 7 d 14 d. 
?Compared with the sham operation group, P < 0.05; *Compared with the intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) intervention group, P < 0.05. 
(mean±SD, n = 6). 
Group 1 d 2 d 4 d 5 d 7 d 14 d. 
?Compared with the sham operation group, P < 0.05; *Compared with intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) intervention group, P < 0.05. 
(mean±SD, n = 6). 
Gene Sequence Name 1 Fold Change p-value 2 Target Prediction 3 Gene Description. 
Sequence names from WormBase ( http://www.wormbase.org ). 
FDR corrected. 
W?=?mirWIP [41] , P?=?PITA [40] , Y?=?(this study), T?=?TargetScan [69] , R?=?RNA22 [39] , G?=?MicroTarget [11] , M?=?Miranda [36] , C?=?PicTar [38] . 
Gene Sequence Name 1 Fold Change p-value 2 Target Prediction 3 Gene Description. 
Sequence names from WormBase ( http://www.wormbase.org ). 
FDR corrected. 
W?=?mirWIP [41] , P?=?PITA [40] , Y?=?(this study), T?=?TargetScan [69] , R?=?RNA22 [39] , G?=?MicroTarget [11] , M?=?Miranda [36] , C?=?PicTar [38] . 
Gene Sequence Name 1 let-7 fold change lin-29 fold change Target prediction 2 Phenotypes suppressed 3 ALG-1 CLIP 4 Gene Description. 
Sequence names from WormBase ( http://www.wormbase.org ). 
W?=?mirWIP [41] , P?=?PITA [40] , Y?=?(this paper), T?=?TargetScan [69] , R?=?RNA22 [39] , G?=?MicroTarget [11] , M?=?Miranda [36] , C?=?PicTar [38] . 
R?=?Suppression of rupturing phenotype (% non-rupture), S?=?Suppression of the extra seam cell nuclei phenotype (significance level. 
Locations of ALG-1 binding sites C?=? coding region, I?=?intron, 3?=?3' UTR [66] . 
microRNA Expression in endometrial cancer. 
microRNA expression in endometrial cancer. 
?, upregulated, ?, downregulated. 
HDAC inhibitor Molecular formula. 
Major HDAC inhibitors with antitumor effect. 
Genes Forward (5'-3') Reverse (5'-3'). 
Gene Chr. Position (mm9) C57B/l6J A/J Polymorphism aa sequence modification (conserved yes/no) Known protein domain disrupted (confirmed yes/no). 
Molecular Mass (kDa) Enzymatic Activity Sub-cellular Localization. 
Mass, activity and localization of mammalian sirtuins. 
ICell line NVPAEW541 MAPKK inh PI3K inh. 
IC50 values for NVP-AEW541, PI3K and MAPKK inhibitors in pancreatic cancer cell lines as assessed by the SRB colorimetric assay. 
Cell line Mean Combination index (range, effect)   NVP-AEW541+GEM p-value NVP-AEW541+Afatinib p-value. 
Mean combination index values of NVP-AEW541 plus gemcitabine or afatinib in pancreatic cancer cell lines (three independent experiments). 
Interpretation of the results was based on the proposed descriptions for presenting the degrees of antagonism or synergism by Calcusyn software. P values indicate level of statistical significance compared with a combination index value of 1. 
Cell line/treatment Sub-G1 G0/G1 S G2/M. 
Effect of NVP-AEW541 (IC70) on the cell cycle distribution of pancreatic cancer cell lines. 
Each population is expressed as percentage of gated cells (mean of three independent experiments ± S.D).* depicts statistically significant difference (p<0.05) compared to control values. 
Subtypes n?=?32. 
The distribution of tumor subtypes. 
  Favorable histology Unfavorable histology P value. 
Prognostic types of neuroblastic tumors based on the INPC in relation to INSS. 
* Yates correction for continuity. 
Characteristics Specimens No (%) Immunohistochimical expression of CD44 protein P value     Negative (%) Positive (%)  . 
Essential correlations between CD44 cell-surface glycoprotein expression and histoclinical features. 
* Yates correction for continuity. 
  OR a P value. 
Results of multivariate analysis of CD44 expression compared with histoclinical features. 
OR a : Adjusted odds ratio. 
  MYCN amplified P value MYCN nonamplified P value CD44 positive CD44 negative CD44 positive CD44 negative No. (%) No. (%) No. (%) No. (%). 
CD44 expression stratified by the MYCN amplification status in relation to other histoclinical parameters of pNTs. 
* chi square for linear trend. 
** Fisher exact test. 
Term regulate Count* %# P-Value Benjamini. 
+: upregulated; -: downregulated. *: genes involved in the term. #: involved genes/total genes. P-Value: the threshold of EASE Score, a modified Fisher Exact P-Value, for gene-enrichment analysis (?0.01). Benjamini: Benjamini and Hochberg's false discovery rate, <0.05. 
Name Forward Primer Reverse Primer. 
GC-1spg GC-2spd (ts)  Distinct Tag Total Tag Distinct Tag Total Tag. 
Major characteristics of the digital gene expression (DGE) tag libraries generated from mouse GC-1spg and GC-2spd (ts). 
GC-1spg GC-2spd (ts) Category DT TT Gene DT TT Gene. 
Overview of tags mapping to the Unigene database in the digital gene expression (DGE) tag libraries generated from mouse GC-1spg and GC-2spd (ts). 
Sense Gene,. 
Anti-Sense Gene,. 
Sense & Anti-Senese. 
Enriched pathway P-value Q-value Rac *. 
Significantly enriched signaling pathways for the differentially expressed genes in the digital gene expression (DGE) tag libraries generated from mouse GC-1spg and GC-2spd (ts). 
If Rac is involved in the pathway. 
DNA code 5?-sequence-3?. 
1 ? free ? bound Htel ?? ( ? bound– ? free) 2 b ? free. 
Measured in ppm at 25°C, R ?=?[drug]/[DNA]?=?3;. 
Tentatively the chemical shift variations are within ?0.08 ppm and ?0.5 ppm. 
TTAGGG/1 NH H2/H8/H6 H1? H2?,H2?? H3? H4? CH3. 
Measured in ppm at 25°C, R ?=?[drug]/[DNA]?=?3.0. 
TTAGGG 1 Theoretical distances(Å). 
The distances are calculated on the basis of the 1 best docked conformation. 
Acquired at 25°C, R ?=?[drug]/[DNA]?=?3. 2? H and 2? H stand for low field and up field proton respectively. 
  Gene Gene expression changes (average FC) a   CPXV MPXV VACV. 
Induction of EGF family members and genes involved in regulation of MAPK activity by CPXV, MPXV and VACV. 
a Cluster and pathway analysis of the 87 non-histone transcripts that were affected by all OPV tested revealed a statistically significant overrepresentation of genes involved in inactivation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) activity and growth factor signalling. Shown are gene expression changes of the identified genes at 6 h post infection in CPXV-, VACV- or MPXV-infected cells in comparison to mock-infected cells as average fold change (FC) values. 
b Values that did not meet the analysis cut-off of an average FC ?2.0 and p ?0.05 are designated n.s. (not significant). 
c Two values separated by a slash designate values obtained from two different probes on the microarray. 
  Leading term a No. of genes b Group p-value Term p-value b. 
Cluster analysis of infection-induced gene expression changes. 
a Overrepresented biological processes identified by GO clustering of the genes affected by CPXV, MPXV or VACV infection. Related terms were merged into functional groups to reduce redundancy, and the most significant term of the group was defined as group-leading term. 
b The degree of connectivity between terms is calculated using ? statistics, and the calculated ? score is also used for defining functional groups. Shown are the identified overrepresented processes, the number of infection-regulated genes assigned to that process and the term p-values. 
c n . a . = not applicable. Only term p-values are given if no grouping was done. 
  Leukocyte activation Regulation of leukocyte activation Leukocyte migration Regulation of leukocyte migration Human chemokine activity Inflammatory response   Up Down Up Down Up Down Up Down Up Down Up Down. 
Numbers of at least 2-fold up- or downregulated immune response-associated genes following CPXV, MPXV or VACV infection grouped by associated GO term. 
  MSI screening status Beta-catenin score   n (%) MSS MSI P-value 0-1 2-3 4-5 P-value   438(85.0) 77(15.0)   159(30.2) 170(32.3) 198(37.6)  . 
Associations of MSI screening status and beta-catenin expression with clinicopathological characteristics. 
Columnar percentage in parentheses. ?2-test of association was used for 2x2 tables and ?2-test for linear trend for tables with more than two rows and/or columns. The categories marked as missing were not included in the analysis. *Significant at the 0.05 level. **Significant at the 0.01 level. N1?=?1-3 positive nodes, N2=?>?4 positive nodes. MSS?=?Microsatellite stable, MSI?=?Microsatellite unstable. Proximal colon?=?appendix, cecum, ascending colon, hepatic flexure; descending colon?=?splenic flexure and descending colon. 
  MSI screening status Beta-catenin score   n (%) MSS MSI P-value 0-1 2-3 4-5 P-value   438(85.0) 77(15.0)   159(30.2) 170(32.3) 198(37.6)  . 
Associations of MSI screening status and beta-catenin expression with expression of p21, p27 and p53. 
Columnar percentage in parentheses. ?2-test of association was used for 2x2 tables and ?2-test for linear trend for tables with more than two rows and/or columns. The categories marked as missing were not included in the analysis. *Significant at the 0.05 level. **Significant at the 0.01 level. MSS?=?Microsatellite stable, MSI?=?Microsatellite unstable. 
  Full cohort Stage III-IV disease   HR(95% CI) p-value N(events) HR(95% CI) p-value n(events). 
Cox proportional hazards model for colorectal cancer specific survival related to MSI screening status and beta-catenin overexpression in the full cohort and in stage III-IV disease. 
*Significant at the 0.05 level. **Significant at the 0.01 level. P-value from multivariable analysis adjusted for age (>/<=75 years), gender, T-stage (I-II, III, IV), N-stage (0,1,2), M-stage (0, 1), differentiation grade (high-intermediate vs low) and vascular invasion (+/?/unknown). Beta-catenin low?=?beta-catenin score 0–2. Beta catenin high?=?beta-catenin score 3–5. 
Mycobacterium species Cells/samples and their source Regulated miRNAs   Reference. 
Regulation of host micor-RNAs in response to Mycobacterial pathogens. 
Micro-RNAs Identified regulation mechanism Reference. 
Identified micro-RNAs mediated modulation of host response during Mycobacterial infection/ stimulation. 
  Total SUZ12 P a H3K27me 3 P CTCF P H3K4me 3 P. 
Overlap between regions with methylation changes in colorectal cancer with chromatin marks in ES cells. 
a P values are those for the ? -squared test. 
BRAF mutation-specific promoters (125) Associated genes Expected hits a Hits P b. 
Pathways enriched for BRAF mutation-associated promoter methylation after exclusion of ES cell H3K27me 3 binding promoter regions. 
aExpected hits: expected number of hits by chance in the reference gene list; b P values of the binomial test between the BRAF mutation-specific gene list and the reference gene list; c targets with low tumor/normal log2 ratios in the BRAF wildtype group, suggesting that additional mechanisms, such as genomic loss, may play a role. 
Genotype Survival Analysis a Kyphosis a Myofiber CSA a Central Nucleation a Utrophin a Dystrophin a Integrin a Laminin-Binding a Signaling a Specific Force a. 
Sarcospan- and ?7 integrin-double nulls display severe growth and muscle phenotypes. 
aMeasurements represented relative to wild type. DKO, double knockout; Itga7, ?7 integrin. 
Parameter N (%). 
Disease demographics and management data. 
Biomarkers and mutations N (%) Median RQ Interquartile range (IQR). 
mRNA biomarkers and gene mutation status. 
Predictive for survival N HR 95% CI Median survival (months) 2-sided P value. 
Prognostic/predictive factors at univariate analysis. 
Survival (N=136) HR 95% CI Wald-p. 
Prognostic/predictive factors at multivariate analysis. 
Target cells % Specific killing of 10 4 cells/well by L6scFv-FasL ext ( ? l/well)   30??l 10??l 3??l 1??l 0.3??l 0.1??l. 
IFN- ? treatment enhances the sensitivity of cancer cells to L6scFv- FasL ext mediated apoptosis. 
Breast cancer cells were sensitized by IFN-? in vitro . Under the cytotoxicity assay condition, IFN-? (100?ng/ml) enhanced 3-10 folds of the target susceptibility to L6scFv-FasLext. 
Cells injected on day 0 Treatment begins on # mice treated Tumor incidence # tumor-free mice at the end of the treatment b. 
Highly cytotoxic cc49scFv-FasL ext eradicated Jurkat-Ras cancer in SCID mice a. 
aSCID mice (>14?weeks old) of both sexes were transferred by IP injection of Jurkat-Ras (Jk-Ras) or HeLa at day 0. Treatment started at indicated times by IP injection of cc49scFv-FasLext-containing supernatants (2??g/ml) or concentrated L6scFv-FasLext (5-10??g/ml) as described in the “Methods”. 
bTwo months after the end of the treatment, the survived mice still lived without any indication of toxicity induced by the treatment. Normal liver appearance was observed when survived mice were euthanized later. 
     . 
Summary for the metabolic analysis of unigenes (second level). 
Unigene_ID ESTs Num. Seq description Length eValue. 
Top 10 highly enriched genes in fiber developmental stages. 
Locus tag Protein pathway Fold change    Microarray RT-PCR. 
The real-time PCRs were performed on a separate batch of RNA which was different from the RNA used in the microarray experiments. ND, not detected. 
Strain Alkali soluble Alkoli insoluble  glycoprotein (µg) ?-glucan (µg) chitin (µg) ?-glucan (µg). 
Conidia were inoculated into 200 ml medium at a concentration of 106 conidia/ml, and incubated at 37°C with shaking (200 rpm) for 36 h. The cell wall was extracted as described under Materials and Methods. Three aliquots of 10 mg lyophilized cell walls were used as independent samples for cell wall analysis and the experiment was repeated 3 times. The values (mean ± SD) shown are cell wall component per 10 mg dry cell walls. 
Locus_tag Description Fold change. 
Microarray hybridization and analysis were carried out as described under Materials and Methods. The signal intensities were normalized using Feature Extraction Software (Agilent). Data were analyzed using Genespring Software 5.0. Genes with all signals present (flag?=?P) were selected for analysis. Genes were selected with P?0.05, FC?1.5 by T-test methods. 
Locus tag Putative protein kinase Fold change. 
Microarray hybridization and analysis were carried out as described under Materials and Methods. The signal intensities were normalized using Feature Extraction Software (Agilent). Data were analyzed using Genespring Software 5.0. Genes with all signals present (flag?=?P) were selected for analysis. Genes were selected with P?0.05, FC?1.5 by T-test methods. 
Protein required for necroptosis Locus tag in A. fumigatus genome Protein in A. fumigatus Fold change. 
Microarray hybridization and analysis were carried out as described under Materials and Methods. The signal intensities were normalized using Feature Extraction Software (Agilent). Data were analyzed using Genespring Software 5.0. Genes with all signals present (flag?=?P) were selected for analysis. Genes were selected with P?0.05, FC?1.5 by T-test methods. 
Pathway Treatment type Target protein Specific mutation Trial Effectiveness. 
Anti-cancer inhibitors undergoing testing for treatment of cutaneous melanoma . 
PR, partial response; RR, response rate; CR, complete response; OR, overall response; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; OSR, overall survival rate; SD, stable disease; N/A, data not available . 
Substrate ID/Accession Phospho-Ser Sequence. 
Total Down Down% Up Up%. 
Untreated (n =6) Treated (n =6) P -value. 
Urea synthesis (mg/dL mg -1 , produced over 50 min) by liver tissue treated with atorvastatin. 
Liver specimens were incubated at 37°C in KH buffer with and without 1.0 ?M atorvastatin for 6 hr. Every 60 min, specimens were removed from the incubation solutions and placed in 1.0 mL KH buffer supplemented with 10 mM NH4Cl and 2.5 mM ornithine. The solutions were then analyzed for urea at min 50. The values are mean?±?SD for hr 1 to 6. 
Dataset name LI AI All. 
# Pathway Number of DEGs with pathway annotation P-value Q-value Pathway ID. 
Gene name Fold in transcriptome (AI/LI) Fold of qPCR results (AI/LI) Fold ratio (qPCR/transcriptome). 
GO process network Genes included in GO term p value. 
Metacore™ (GeneGo) was used for this analysis using genes that were statistically significant p<0.05. Pathways with a p-value <0.05 were considered significantly modulated. 
GO process network Genes included in GO term p value. 
Metacore™ (GeneGo) was used for this analysis using genes that were statistically significant p<0.05. Pathways with a p-value <0.05 were considered significantly modulated. 
VPA Lithium Gene N-Fold SEM (±) p Value N-Fold SEM (±) p Value. 
Data is expressed as fold expression changes of Pou5F1, MT1G, MAPK10, NOTCH1 and NES. Results are shown as fold change ±S.E.M (n?=?3). Genes with a p-value <0.05 were considered significantly modulated. 
Delivery system Strategy Bisphosphonate Main findings References. 
Summary of the most meaningful studies published on nanotechnology to deliver BPs in cancer. 
Family Receptor Ligand. 
Selected representatives of the nuclear receptor superfamily. 
Receptor Pathology. 
Selected human pathologies associated with hormone receptors. 
Protein Identification Sequences Coverage(%) Accession No. Cellular component Biological process and molecular functions. 
Protein Identification Sequences Coverage(%) Accession No. Cellular components Biological process and molecular functions. 
Gene Name Primer Sequences PCR Conditions. 
Sample Gene Assay Mutation Allele Chip: Well WTFrequency Mutation Frequency Z-score Confidence Notes. 
Cytogenetic Locus Size Gain/Loss Associated Cancer Genes. 
# Parametric p-value FDR mean intensities of blood mean intensities of chordoma Fold-change Gene symbol. 
Genes significantly (p<0.01) different between classes are depicted, including the parametric p value, false discovery rate (FDR), geometric mean of class-intensities and fold changes are listed. 
Parametric p-value t-value % CV support Geom mean of intensities in blood Geom mean of intensities in chordoma Fold-change Gene symbol. 
The letters (A–S) can be found in Figure 2 , where SNP data are combined with methylation data. The column “%CV-support” in the table indicates the percentage of the cross-validation training sets in which each gene was selected during “leave-one out cross validation”. 100% means that the gene is so strong that it was selected in all of the cross-validated training sets. “Geom. mean of intensities” is derived from chip intensity-values. 
Parametric p-value t-value % CV support Geom mean of intensities in chordoma Geom mean of intensities in blood Fold-change Gene symbol. 
The column “%CV-support” in the table indicates the percentage of the cross-validation training sets in which each gene was selected during “leave-one out cross validation”. 100% means that the gene is so strong that it was selected in all of the cross-validated training sets. “Geom mean of intensities” is derived from transformed qPCR-Ct values. 
  Myc 5 ? -SAGE S1-Pri 5 ? -SAGE. 
Summary of tag extraction and C. cinerea genome mapping. 
  Myc 5 ? -SAGE S1-Pri 5 ? -SAGE. 
Gene-associated positions of tags mapped to the C. cinerea genome. 
a The (?500, -1) refers to position upstream of the annotated ATG start codon, while (+1, +500) refers to position downstream of the STOP codon. 
b ‘Anti-sense’ means that the tag is in opposite orientation of the putative 5?/3?-UTR, or annotated coding region. 
c ‘Unclassified’ means that the tags could not be assigned to any annotated gene. 
  Myc 5 ? -SAGE S1-Pri 5 ? -SAGE. 
Statistics of the Myc and S1-Pri differentially expressed genes (DEGs). 
a p<0.05 in Fisher’s exact test. 
b e<10-5 in BLASTX homology search. 
c Homologs identified in at least two fruiting body-forming basidiomycetes. 
d p<0.05 in Fisher’s exact test. 
Gene ID Myc a S1-Pri a Log 2 ratio b BLASTX homolog [Organism] Accession ID e-value KO term c GO term d. 
List of top 15 differentially expressed genes in the Myc stage. 
a Relative expression level expressed as tags per 100,000. 
b Log2 of the expression ratio of Myc/S1 Pri. 
c KEGG orthology term. 
d Gene Ontology term. 
Gene ID Myc a S1-Pri a Log 2 ratio b BLASTX homolog [Organism] Accession ID e-value KO term c GO term d. 
List of top 15 differentially expressed genes in the S1 Pri stage. 
a Relative expression level expressed as tags per 100,000. 
b Log2 of the expression ratio of Myc/S1 Pri. 
c KEGG orthology term. 
d Gene Ontology term. 
  Description 5 ? -SAGE a Microarray a Real-time RT-PCR a. 
Correlation of expression of 18 randomly-selected genes among 5 ? -SAGE, microarray and real-time RT-PCR. 
a Values expressed as log2 ratio of Myc/S1-Pri. 
BBB in vitro ?? model Type of experiment Special conditions Documentation of BBB permeability increase Tight junction proteins alterations Reference. 
Expression of tight junction proteins in various cellular models of oxidative stress. 
BBMEC: bovine brain microvessel endothelial cells. 
TEER: transendothelial electrical resistance. 
PBMEC: primary cultures of porcine brain-derived microvascular endothelial cells. 
BMVEC: brain microvascular endothelial cells. 
ROS: reactive oxygen species. 
MMPs: matrix metalloproteinases. 
Virus Virus type Benefits Limitations. 
Comparison of oncolytic viruses. 
CAR, coxsackie adenovirus receptor; MYXV, myxoma virus; NDV, Newcastle disease virus; SVV; Seneca Valley virus; VSV, vesicular stomatitis virus; VV, vaccinia virus. 
Virus Deletions/Mutations Foreign gene/promoter insertion Pediatric tumors targeted in studies References. 
Summary of oncolytic viruses discussed in the text. 
Ad5, adenovirus serotype 5; CIK-vvDD, cytokine-induced killer double-deleted vaccinia virus; CNS, central nervous system; EWS, Ewing's sarcoma; GM-CSF, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; hTERT , human telomerase reverse transcriptase; IL; interleukin; MDB, medulloblastoma; MMP3, metalloproteinases-3; MPNST; malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor; MYXV, myxoma virus; NB, neuroblastoma; OST, osteosarcoma; RB, retinoblastoma; RGD, arginine-glycine-aspartic acid; RMS, rhabdomyosarcoma; SVV, Seneca valley virus; TK, thymidine kinase; VSV, vesicular stomatitis virus. 
Tumor Type Virus Type, Name Outcome References. 
Summary of studies utilizing oncolytic viruses to target pediatric CSC by tumor type. 
CSC, cancer stem cells; MDB, medulloblastoma; MYXV, myxoma virus; NB, neuroblastoma; RMS, rhabdomyosarcoma; U, unpublished. 
Oncolytic Virus Potential mechanisms to target CSC. 
Mechanisms by which oncolytic viruses may target CSC. 
Cell lines/animal models Stress conditions (assays) Major findings supporting pro-tumorigenic role of AMPK References. 
Study Francesca et al. [ 10 ] de Groot et al. [ 11 ] Usaite et al. [ 12 ] Costenoble et al. [ 13 ] Kolkman et al. [ 14 ] Pham et al. [ 15 ]. 
Comparison of previous proteomic studies of protein expression in yeast cells grown in various conditions. 
  A B C   Genome n?=?6310 Peptides > 1 n = 438 Peptides = 1 n = 153 GO term FUNCTION Frequency Percent Frequency Percent Frequency Percent. 
Cellular functions of proteins identified and gene ontology (GO) annotations from the saccharomyces genome database. 
Peptides used for identification include only those having at least 95% confidence. (A) The distribution of 6310 proteins, (B) 438 proteins identified with more than one peptide and (C) 153 proteins identified with one peptide. 
  A B C   Genome n?=?6310 Peptide >1 n =438 Peptide =1 n =153 GO term LOCATION Frequency Percent Frequency Percent Frequency Percent. 
Subcellular localization of proteins identified and gene ontology (GO) annotations from the saccharomyces genome database. 
Peptide used for identification include only those having at least 95% confidence. (A) The distribution of 6310 proteins, (B) 438 proteins identified with more than one peptide and (C) 153 proteins identified with one peptide. 
A Name 115:113 P 115:114 P 116:113 P 116:114 P Ave SD t-test. 
Proteins up-regulated by glucose. 
(A) Proteins that increased their relative levels in response to glucose re-feeding. Average ratios (Avg) and standard deviations (SD) are given, along with the p-values (P) calculated for each protein's ratio by ProteinPilotTM 4.0 based on the ratios of each identified peptide. A one-sample Student's t-test was used to confirm that each protein's set of ratios for all four comparisons was significantly different from 1 and all p-values are <0.05. 
(B) Ratios of 113:114; starved:starved and 115:116; re-fed:re-fed with the number of distinct peptides having at least 95% confidence and a p-value (P) greater than 0.05 calculated for each protein's ratio by ProteinPilotTM 4.0 based on the ratios of each identified peptide. A one-sample Student's t-test was used to confirm that each protein's set of ratios for both comparisons was not significantly different from 1 and all p-values are >0.05. 
A Name 115:113 P 115:114 P 116:113 P 116:114 P Ave SD t-test. 
Proteins down-regulated by glucose. 
(A) Proteins that decreased their relative levels in response to glucose re-feeding. Average ratios (Avg) and standard deviations (SD) are given, along with the p-values (P) calculated for each protein's ratio by ProteinPilotTM 4.0 based on the ratios of each identified peptide. A one-sample Student's t-test was used to confirm that each protein's set of ratios for all four comparisons was significantly different from 1 and all p-values are <0.01. 
(B) Ratios of 113:114; starved:starved and 115:116; re-fed:re-fed with the number of distinct peptides having at least 95% confidence and a p-value (P) greater than 0.05 calculated for each protein's ratio by ProteinPilotTM 4.0 based on the ratios of each identified peptide. A one-sample Student's t-test was used to confirm that each protein's set of ratios for both comparisons was not significantly different from 1 and all p-values are >0.05. 
Accession # Name Peptides (95%) 113:114 115:116 115:113 116:113 115:114 116:114. 
Protein complexes and the relative quantification of subunits. 
Ratios that are significantly different from 1.0 (p?<?0.05) in bold . 113:114; starved:starved and 115:116; re-fed/re-fed (control ratios). 115:113, 116:113, 115:114, 116:114; re-fed:starved. 
Function Up-regulated in our study Kolkman et al. [ 9 ] Pham et al. [ 15 ]. 
Proteins that were up-regulated and down-regulated by glucose in our study and the comparison with the studies by Kolkman et al. [ 9 ] and Pham et al . [ 15 ]. 
Kolkman et al examined steady state expression of proteins in cells grown in two different conditions [ 9 ]. Carbon-limited medium contained 19 mM (NH4)2SO4 and 42 mM glucose. Nitrogen limited medium contained 7.5 mM (NH4)2SO4 and 330 mM glucose. Hxk1p, Ach1p, Mls1p, Om45p, and Hsp26p were up-regulated under carbon limitation, whereas Pma1p was down-regulated under carbon limitation. Pgi1p, Icl1p, and Atp2p were identified but showed no significant change in carbon limitation versus nitrogen limitation. 
Pham et al examined steady state levels of proteins in cells grown in 120 g/L (normal) to 210 g/L and 300 g/L (high) concentrations of glucose for 68 hours [ 15 ]. Hxk1p, Pgi1p, and Pgm2p were up-regulated in high glucose, whereas Tef2p, Hsp12p, and Hsp26p were down-regulated by high glucose. 
Primer Sequence Sequences source in NCBI Efficiency amplification, % Generally Tm, °C. 
Primers of genes Gpx1, Gsr, ? Act, Alb, and L3 used for real-time PCR. 
Strain JunD levels in macrophages * Macrophage activation **. 
JunD levels and macrophage oxidative burst in rat strains used for the combined ChIP-Seq and transcriptome approach. 
* Jund expression levels and JunD/AP-1 protein binding measured by qRT-PCR and TransAm assay [ 12 ]. 
** Macrophage activation assessed by Fc receptor mediated oxidative burst [ 12 ]. 
Gene symbol Gene name Chr. Fold change FDR (%) Gene Function. 
Microarray results of transcripts demonstrating greater than three-fold difference in expression between Jund siRNA and scrambled control siRNA transfected WKY BMDMs. 
Differentially expressed transcripts with greater than three-fold difference in expression (four technical replicates per strain) were identified at a <5% FDR threshold following 40,000 permutations. Fold changes are of control siRNA versus Jund siRNA expression. A positive fold change indicates higher expression in BMDMs transfected with scrambled control siRNA i.e. with a higher level of Jund expression compared to Jund siRNA. Abbreviations: Chr.; chromosome, FDR: false discovery rate. 
Gene ontology term (BP_FAT or KEGG pathway) Genes (n) Fold Enrichment Bonferroni corrected P-Value. 
Gene ontology analysis for genes demonstrating differential expression over the eight hour LPS timecourse between WKY and WKY.L Crgn2 BMDMs. 
Enrichment for biological process functional annotation terms and KEGG canonical pathways used a Bonferroni corrected p-value threshold of <0.05. Abbreviations: BP_FAT, subset of Biological Process Gene Ontology (GO) terms generated by DAVID; n, number of involved genes. 
Dataset Total number of peaks identified Number of peaks linked to a gene Number of genes containing at least one JunD peak. 
JunD binding events in WKY and WKY.L Crgn2 BMDMs. 
Peaks were identified using BayesPeak v1.1.3 [ 22 , 23 ] using a posterior probability threshold of 0.9. Peaks were linked to a gene if they were located within 20 kilobases of the transcriptional start site or were located within the body of the gene. 
Description Frame AA % Clones. 
Clones isolated in the yeast two-hybrid screen using the full-length BANK1 (amino acids 1–785) as bait. The frame indicates if the coding sequences are in the same frame as Gal4-Activating Domain. In general polypeptides not having an in-frame (IF) position are not considered of biological interest. However, some of the proteins expressed from F1 or F2 can be translated in the correct frame, due to the existence of natural frame-shift events during translation in yeast. AA indicates the length of the clone in number of amino acids and (%) the percentage of frame corresponding to the annotation in GenBank. 
CACO-2 DLD-1 HT-29 SW-480 LOVO COLO-205 COLO-206F. 
Cell line Invasion. 
Invasion was analyzed using the Boyden chamber based cell invasion assay. Transmigrated cells were stained with crystal violet and counted. Different invasive capacity is indicated by the number of+symbols (>1000 cells: ++++++; >500 cells: +++++; >100 cells: ++++; >50 cells: +++; >10 cells: ++; >5 cells: +). Grey shaded?=?“mass” type; white?=?“grape-like” type. 
Variables No. of patients miR-146a (2??Cq±SD) t P. 
FISH negative with no or low genomic gain (?four copies of gene in >40% of the cells) and FISH positive with gene amplification, defined by the presence of tight gene clusters, a gene/chromosome per cell ratio ?2, or ?15 copies of the genes per cell in ?10% of the analyzed cells or with high polysomy (?four copies of the gene in ?40% of the cells). Eight cases had high polysomy and one case had gene amplification. Information for the different variables was not available for all cases in this retrospective series. 
Five cases had E746-A750 deletion (exon 19) and one case had L858R point mutation (exon 21). 
Term Genes Count P Value. 
Pathways name Genes in geneset (K) Genes in overlap (k) k/K P value. 
Gene Transcription factor PageRank. 
Group n GABRA1 CRHR2 FADD CDK6   2???Ct Ratio 2???Ct Ratio 2???Ct Ratio 2???Ct Ratio. 
Compared with the normal group: * P <0.05, ** P <0.01. 
Gene Forward Primer (5'- 3') Reverse Primer (5'- 3'). 
The primers for quantitative real-time RT-PCR. 
Groups N p-H3Ser10 labeling index (mean±SD). 
The positive labeling index ( PLI ) for histone H3 phosphorylation at Ser10 in nasopharynx samples. 
*Compared with chronic nasopharyngitis ( p < 0.05) or normal nasopharynx tissues ( p < 0.001). # Compared with normal nasopharynx tissues ( p < 0.005). 
Groups LMP1   + -. 
The relationship between LMP1 expression and expression of histone H3 phosphorylation at Ser10 in NPC tissues. 
? 2=6.700, p =0.01; contingency coefficient: C=0.350. 
Gene Chromosome Exons screened Targeted exon bases High coverage bases a Average coverage per pool Average coverage per proband b Average coverage per parent b. 
Coverage summary of mTOR pathway candidate genes sequenced by next generation sequencing. 
aindividual bases for which at least 3000x average coverage was obtained. 
bstatistics reflect coverage per proband/parent sample, not per chromosome. 
SSC Proband/ Parent ID a Variant type Coordinate b Amino acid position c Inheritance Functional prediction by polyphen-2 Exome variant server d. 
Details of rare variants identified in MYCBP2 in ASD cases and parents. 
ap1: proband; fa: father, mo: mother. 
bcoordinates based on genome build hg19. 
camino acid position based on Swiss-Prot accession # O75592.3. 
dNHLBI exome variant server, Seattle, WA, USA. 
TSC gene SSC Proband/ Parent ID a Coordinate b Amino acid position c Inheritance Functional prediction by polyphen-2 LOVD TSC database d Exome variant server e. 
Details of rare missense variants identified in TSC genes in ASD cases and parents. 
ap1: proband; fa: father; mo: mother. 
bcoordinates based on genome build hg19. 
camino acid position based on Swiss-Prot accession # Q92574.2 and P49815.2 for TSC1 and TSC2, respectively. 
dtuberous sclerosis database: Leiden Open Variation Database. 
eNHLBI exome variant server, Seattle, WA, USA. Values in parentheses denote minor allele frequency in percent. 
fidentified by next-generation sequencing but not tested by Sanger sequencing because it was previously reported. 
Gene Amino acid position a Current study Schaaf et al. [ 13 ] Kelleher et al. [ 12 ] Exome variant server b. 
Inter-study comparison of TSC variants identified in ASD samples. 
aamino acid position based on Swiss-Prot accession # Q92574.2 and P49815.2 for TSC1 and TSC2, respectively. 
bNHLBI exome variant server, Seattle, WA, USA. Values in parentheses denote minor allele frequency in percent. 
  ASP13 CYS12   Clone 4 (n?=?10) Clone 6 (n?=?10) Clone 2 (n?=?10) Clone 5 (n?=?10) Clone 4.3 (n?=?10) Clone 4.6 (n?=?10). 
Differences in latency period in vivo between ASP13 and CYS12 transfectants. 
Cell cycle distribution (% ± SE) ZOL (Concentration) Time Sub-G1 G0/G1 S G2/M. 
MSTO-211H cells were treated with or without ZOL (at 10 or 50 µM) for 24–72 h. Cell cycle was analyzed with flow cytometry. 
Cell cycle distribution (% ± SE) siRNA for ZOL Sub-G1 G0/G1 S G2/M. 
MSTO-211H cells were transfected with or without siRNA for 24 h, and then treated with or without 50 µM ZOL for further 48 h. Cell cycle was analyzed with flow cytometry. 
Oncogene(s) expressed % of mice with tumors Survival (weeks PHI) Number of nodules. 
Sample Methylation (%) Expression. 
Methylation levels were investigated using pyrosequencing and are shown as an average level of the 10 CpG sites in the RASSF3 promoter region. RASSF3 mRNA expression fold was determined using qRT-PCR, and ?-actin mRNA level was also analyzed as endogenous control. In both GH3 and GT1.1 cells, RASSF3 methylation level was higher and mRNA level was lower than in normal pituitary samples. 
Cell line Origin ATCC lapatinib erlotinib sorafenib sunitinib gefitinib. 
For each drug, the cell lines are ranked based on their RI values (green: low, red: high, yellow: intermediate RI) at the C2 concentration. The panels of resistant- and sensitive-designated cell lines are marked by bold and the intermediate cell lines are marked by italic formatting for each agent. 
Drug Concentration (µM)  C1 C2 C3. 
Symbol TaqMan ID Affymetrix ID Gene name p value. 
For the complete results of RT-PCR measurements refer to Table S6 . 
Classification No. ofstudies No. ofdetectedcases No. ofmethylationcases Pooled frequencyand 95%CI (%) P Heterogeneity Publication bias       I 2 (%) P Begg’stest P Egger’stest P. 
Abbreviations: CRC, colorectal cancer; LS, lynch syndrome; SCRC, sporadic colorectal cancer. 
Random effect estimate. 
It is only pooled data with total colorectal cancer. 
Classification No. ofstudies No. ofdetectedcases No. ofmethylationcases Frequency and95%CI (%) Heterogeneity Publication bias      I 2 (%) P Begg’stest P Egger’stest P. 
Abbreviations: CRC, colorectal cancer; LS, lynch syndrome; MMR, mismatch repair; SCRC, sporadic colorectal cancer; MSI, Microsatellite instability; MSS, microsatellite stability; MSI-L, lower-level microsatellite instability; MSI-H, high-level microsatellite instability. 
Random effect estimate. 
Classification No. of studies OR and 95%CI P Heterogeneity Publication bias     I 2 (%) P Begg’s test P Egger’s test P. 
Abbreviations: CRC, colorectal cancer; LS, lynch syndrome; SCRC, sporadic colorectal cancer; MSI, Microsatellite instability; MSS, microsatellite stability;. 
MSI-H, high-level microsatellite instability. 
Random effect estimate. 
It is only pooled data with total colorectal cancer. 
It is only pooled data with sporadic colorectal cancer. 
Region AT1a AT1b AT2. 
Tabulated summary of comparative regional and cellular distribution of Ang II receptor-immunoreactivity in rat brain and pituitary. 
Key: +refers to neuronal cell bodies/*refers to fibers. Scored on a scale from 0 to 5. ND is not determined. No AT1a immunoreactivity was observed in glia. AT1b and AT2 immunoreactivity were observed in glia. 
Gene GenBank Accession No. Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Forward primer, reverse primer and Taqman probe sequences (5’?3’) of the target genes. 
Taqman primers and probe for target genes were designed by use of File Builder 3.0 (ABI) and synthesized by ABI. Nucleotide sequences used for primer and probe design were obtained from the GenBank database. When a bovine sequence (p38 and NF-kB) was not available, bovine expressed sequence tag sequences corresponding to the target gene were used on the basis of similarity to the corresponding human sequence. TaqMan Assays on Demand (ABI) was used for 18S (housekeeping gene); the GenBank accession number for this assay is X03205 and the amplicon length is 187 bp. 
Patient sample Age/Sex Viral Load (copies/ml) Genotype. 
miRNA Predicted target genes KEGG pathway classification Validated target genes KEGG pathway classification. 
Genes that regulate kidney development and kidney phenotype. 
CD, collecting duct; CM, cap mesenchyme; CT, connecting tubule; IM, intermediated mesoderm; LH, loop of Henle; LM, lateral mesoderm; MM, metanephric mesenchyme; PC, podocyte cells; PT, proximal tubule; RV, renal vesicle; SC, stromal cells; UB, ureteric bud; WD, Wolffian duct. 
Isolation of cancer stem cells from gastric cancer patients*. 
NOD, non-obese diabetic; SCID, severe combined immunodeficiency. 
*The isolation of cancer stem cells from cell lines was not considered. 
Enzyme Forward Reverse. 
Primers used to detect human genes encoding CYP4A/F by real-time PCR. 
Note: The 20-HETE-producing CYP450 isoform-specific primer sequences to detect the expression of CYP4A and CYP4F genes at the mRNA level in human cancer tissues are outlined. 
Abbreviations: CYP, cytochrome P450; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; 20-HETE, 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid; mRNA, messenger ribonucleic acid. 
Human cancer type Estimated new cases in the United States in 2012 Estimated deaths in the United States in 2012 Increased expression of CYP4A or CYP4F enzymes in cancer tissues Antiproliferative effect of HET0016 Antiproliferative effect of WIT002 References. 
Expression of CYP4A and CYP4F in human cancer samples and the effects of inhibitors of 20-HETE synthesis and signaling upon cancer cells of different origin. 
Abbreviations: CYP, cytochrome P450; 20-HETE, 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid, HET0016, N-Hydroxy-N?-(4-butyl-2-methylphenyl) formamidine; WIT002, 20-hydroxyeicosa-6(Z), 15(Z)-dienoic acid. 
Characteristic N (%). 
Co morbidities include hypertension, diabetes, heart diseases and tuberculosis. 
Characteristic Kras gene codon 12 Kras gene codon 13 RASSF1A gene FHIT gene MGMT gene  Wild type n?=?33 (%) Mutant n?=?29 (%) p-value Wild type n?=?50 (%) Mutant n?=?12 (%) p-value UM * n?=?33(%) M * n?=?29(%) p-value UM * n?=?39(%) M * n?=?23(%) p-value UM * n?=?33(%) M * n?=?29(%) p-value. 
UM, unmethylated; M, methylated. 
p value <0.05 was taken as significant. 
Kras gene codon 12 Kras gene codon 13 RASSF1A gene FHIT gene MGMT gene  Wild typen?=?33 Variantn?=?29 p-value Wild typen?=?50 Variantn?=?12 p-value UM * n?=?33 M * n?=?29 p-value UM * n?=?39 M * n?=?23 p-value UM * n?=?33 M * n?=?29 p-value. 
UM, unmethylated; M, methylated;. 
WD, well differentiated; MD, moderately differentiated; PD, poorly differentiated; U, undifferentiated. 
p value <0.05 was taken as significant. 
Kras gene codon 12None/Either/Bothp-value Kras gene codon 13None/Either/Bothp-value RASSF1A geneNone/Either/Bothp-value FHIT geneNone/Either/Bothp-value MGMT geneNone/Either/Bothp-value. 
p value <0.05 was taken as significant. 
Characteristic (N) Novariation * n (%) Any onevariation * n (%) Any twovariations * n (%) Any threevariations * n (%) All fourvariations * n (%) p-value. 
variation refers to genetic mutation in Kras gene and/or epigenetic modification in RASSF1A, FHIT and MGMT genes. 
p value <0.05 was taken as significant. 
Gene Exon Codon Nucleotide change Mutation status. 
Summary of mutational analysis of the studied genes in breast tumor. 
Gene Exon Codon Nucleotide change Mutation status. 
Summary of mutational analysis of the studied genes in osteosarcoma. 
Clinicopathologic features CACNA2D3 downregulation P -value. 
Variables Univariable analysis * Multivariable analysis *  HR (95% CI) P HR (95% CI) P. 
Cox regression model; HR, Hazards ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
Function Disease/term SNP P -value Genes Distance to SNP (kb). 
Correlation of LXR?-binding data with GWAS. 
For screening potential overlaps between LXR?-binding sites and validated SNPs that were genetically associated with common diseases, we chose the NHGRI GWAS catalogue. We considered only those LXR? target sites that were within LD to the reported SNPs. Columns indicate the general category, associated diseases or terms and the SNP ID. The P -value indicates the degree of certainty of disease association of the SNP. Next column depicts the reported and potentially disease relevant genes in proximity to the associated SNP. The last column shows the distance between LXR? binding sites and SNPs within the LD block, presented in kilobases (kb). 
CAF(n?=?6) SR(n?=?6) T value P value. 
CAF: chronic atrial fibrillation; SR: sinus rhythm; MVD: mitral valve disease; AVD: aortic valve disease; TVD: tricuspid valve disease; NYHA: New York Heart Association Classification; PA: pulmonary artery; EF: ejection fraction; LVEDD: left ventricle end-diastolic diameter. 
P<0.05. 
Fibrosis area (%) T value P value. 
LAA-CAF: left atrial appendage in permanent atrial fibrillation; RAA-CAF: right atrial appendage in permanent atrial fibrillation; LAA-SR: left atrial appendage in sinus rhythm; RAA-SR: right atrial appendage in sinus rhythm. 
P<0.05. 
Refseq Gene ID Gene symbol Protein Description Log2ratio P value. 
RefSeq: reference sequence; Log2ratio: positive value shows up-regulation, negative value shows down-regulation. P<0.05. 
Mouse model Skin phenotype Susceptibility to skin carcinogenesis References. 
Mouse models for evaluating Stat3 function in skin carcinogenesis. 
BRAF inhibitor Company Phase Patients included Study description. 
Advanced solid tumors with BRAF V600 mutations. 
Advanced solid tumors with RAS mutations. 
  Run-in period Initial dose and dose modifications Patient pShift d0 pShift d7 pShift change (%) a BP change (mm?Hg) b Sorafenib total daily dose on C1 d1 c (mg) Cycle(s) in which dose was modified Final total daily dose d (mg) Reason(s) for dose modification. 
Abbreviations: BP=blood pressure; pShift=phosphoshift assay. 
pShift changes from day 7 vs day 0 of the run-in period; results are expressed in percentage of increase or decrease of the baseline pShift value. 
Average blood pressure on day 7 of run-in phase minus average blood pressure on day 0 of run-in phase (in mm?Hg, calculated as follows: average blood pressure=(systolic blood pressure+2 × diastolic blood pressure)/3). 
Cycle 1 day 1 dose, all cases b.i.d. During the run-in period, doses were modified due to the following reasons: 1: G3 vomiting; G2 rash (intolerable); 2: G3 HFS; 3: G2 HFS (intolerable); 4: G2 diarrhoea (intolerable); 5: G3 AST and ALT elevation; 6: G3 HFS; 7: G2 mucositis and fatigue (intolerable); 8: G3 AST and ALT elevation. 
In two daily takes except in * (one daily take). 
Proteinuria was 3.0?g per 24?h, but was sustained over several cycles and dose was reduced by investigator's decision. 
Event Number of patients, any grade Worst grade, any patient Number of cycles, grade 3–4 Number of cycles, any grade. 
A single patient accounted for the 29 cycles where grade 3 hypertension was recorded (requiring two drugs for blood pressure control as per CTCAE v.3.0). 
PKC MW (kDa) Blood Vessel Resting Cell Activated Cell Ref. 
Representative PKC Distribution and Subcellular Distribution in Blood Vessels. 
Chemical Group Example Site of Action Specificity. 
Representative PKC Inhibitors. 
? Targeting tool Target Reference. 
Common melanoma-targeting tools: ligands for surface cellular targeting and promoters for tissue-specific transcription. 
? Therapeutic/silenced/upregulated gene Reference. 
Different therapeutic strategies against melanoma based on nucleic acids. In the case of DNA-based approaches, a therapeutic gene is delivered to induce a beneficial effect, whereas with RNA based, generally the regimen, is based on silencing of a tumor-active gene. dsRNA mimetic pIC is, as yet, a recent and unique finding, based on polyinosine-polycytidylic acid (pIC) complexed with polyethyleneimine (PEI) that induces tumor cell autophagy and apoptosis. As for the case of micro RNAs (miR), only few in vitro studies have been conducted showing the therapeutic potential of the delivery of miRs that were found downregulated in tumor cells. 
Gene Accession number Primer sequences (5?-3?) PCR product size (bp). 
Primers list for qRT-PCR. 
Gene Ontology/accession number Gene symbol Fold change Regulation. 
Differentially expressed genes list in ? -tocotrienol-treated senescent HDFs. 
Biological process Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA) Normalized Enrichment Score Gene symbol Description. 
Selected significant biological processes that were modulated in senescent HDFs after ? -tocotrienol treatment for 24?h. 
Gene Fold change (RT PCR) Fold change (microarray) Regulation. 
Comparison between microarray and qRT-PCR data. 
? Total no. of mice Number of deaths Mortality rate (%). 
Effect of andrographolide on mortality of acute pulmonary thrombosis caused by intravenous injection of ADP in experimental mice. 
ADP: adenosine diphosphate; DMSO: dimethyl sulfoxide. 
* P < 0.05 (compared with ADP control). 
Products name Dosage/duration/route Experimental models Toxic effects References. 
Dosage and toxicity of Andrographis paniculata and its major natural product andrographolide. 
i.p.: intraperitoneal; i.v.: intravenous; and bw: body weight. 
Pharmacological effects Mechanisms References. 
Experimental and clinical pharmacology of Andrographis paniculata and its major phytoconstituent andrographolide. 
CAT: catalase; SOD: superoxide dismutase; GST: glutathione-S-transferase; LDH: lactate dehydrogenase; TBARS: thiobarbituric-acid-reactive substances; LPS: lipopolysaccharides; NO: nitric oxide; IL-2: interleukin-2; IFN-c: interferon-c; GOT: glutamate oxaloacetate transaminase; GPT: glutamate pyruvate transaminase; ALP: alkaline phosphatase; ACP: acid phosphatase; HBsAg: hepatitis B surface antigen; HBeAg: hepatitis B “e” antigen; ALT: alanine aminotransferase; TC: total cholesterol; TG: triglyceride; LDL: low-density lipoprotein; HDL: high-density lipoprotein; GHS: reduced glutathione; PLC- ? 2: phospholipase C; PKC: protein kinase C; MAPK: mitogen-activated protein kinase; cGMP: cyclic guanosine monophosphate; eNOS: endothelial nitric oxide synthase; HSP: heat shock protein; MMP: matrix metalloproteinases. 
Gene ID/GI number Theor.pI/Mw(kDa) No. of peptides No. of unique peptides Cover percent (%) Protein description Unique peptide sequences. 
Gene ID/GI number Theor.pI/Mw(kDa) No. of peptides No. of unique peptides Cover percent (%) Protein description Unique peptide sequences. 
Annotation Total Genes. 
Annotation Total Genes. 
Enzymatic activity Sub-cellular localization Effects on AD Targets related to AD. 
Activity and localization of mammalian sirtuins and their effects on AD . 
puf-8 and gap-3 negatively regulate RAS/MAPK signalling to promote differentiation. 
Trial Progression-free survival Overall survival. 
Clinical trials of imatinib. 
Abbreviations: EORTC, European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer; SWOG, Southwest Cancer Chemotherapy Study Group. 
Expression of human endogenous retroviral element-K envelope in nuclear atypia melanoma cells. 
  TSCmKO Ctrl Ratio Number of replicates. 
Quantification of Western blot analysis. 
Proteins were extracted from soleus (Sol) and tibialis anterior (TA) muscles of 90-day-old TSCmKO, RAmKO or control (Ctrl) littermates. “Den.” denotes: denervated. “n.d” denotes: not detectable. The amount of total protein loaded onto the SDS-PAGE was adjusted and Western blots were additionally normalized to ?-actinin levels. Numbers given represent average gray values ± SEM after subtraction of the background. “Ratio” represents the average gray value obtained from a knockout animal divided by the gray values from the control littermates. “Number of replicates” represents the number of knockout animals analyzed. The number of Ctrl littermates was always the same or higher than the values given. P -values were determined by Student’s t -test; * P <0.05, ** P <0.01, *** P <0.001. 
Substrate K m (10?3 mM) k cat (s?1) k cat /K m (s?1 M?1). 
Kinetic parameters for the hydrolysis of H-Asp-NHMec and H-Glu-NHMec by DNPP-1. 
Kinetic parameters were obtained at pH 7.5, as described in Materials and Methods . Each value represents the mean of two independent experiments. 
DNPP-1(WT) DNPP-1(M3) DNPP-1(E331K). 
Aspartyl aminopeptidase activity of wild-type and mutant DNPP-1. 
Enzymatic activity was measured as described in Materials and Methods . The aspartyl aminopeptidase activity of wild-type DNPP-1 was defined as 100%. Data shown are representative of two independent experiments. 
Inhibitor Concentration (mM) Activity (%). 
Effect of inhibitors on aspartyl aminopeptidase activity of DNPP-1. 
The enzyme activity was measured using H-Asp-NHMec as a substrate. The enzymatic activity of DNPP-1 without treatment was defined as 100%. Data shown are representative of two independent experiments. 
Cav1 ?/? Cav1 +/+. 
B6129 WT and Cav1-KO mice (n?=?15 per genotype) were infected with H. pylori SS1 for 11 months. Histopathological scores of gastritis were evaluated in H&E stainings of sections from paraffin-embedded stomach tissue. Score 0?=?no, 1+?=?mild, 2+?=?moderate, 3+?=?severe gastritis. Fisher Exact p?=?0.001 (score 0 versus score 2+); Fisher Exact p?=?0.002 (score 0 versus scores 1+,2+). 
Antibody Median fluorescence (%Positive)   Caki-2 ACHN CAL-54 786-O Caki-1 769-P A-704 A-498. 
Surface expression of IGF-1R and EGFR as determined by flow cytometry. 
*Humanized anti-CD20 antibody, veltuzumab. 
**Humanized anti-EGFR antibody. 
  Mutation   No. of cases Total no. of cases (%) Gene and exon cDNA sequence Protein sequence. 
Frequency of KRAS , BRAF and PIK3CA single mutants (N=47/201). 
  Coexisting mutations   No. of cases Total no. of cases (%) Gene and exon cDNA sequence Protein sequence. 
Frequency of double mutants (N=6/201). 
Gene name Assay reference Specific primers sequences (5? ->3?). 
Tumor reference Anatomic site Risk ofrelapse * Sex Age(years) KIT Exon 9 mutation KIT Exon 11mutation PDGFRA Exon 18 mutation PDGFRA Exon 10 mutation. 
GISTs included in mRNA? analysis, first• and second? miRNA analyses. 
Risk of relapse was assessed using the Miettinen and Lasota classification which comprises the mitotic count, the maximal tumor diameter and the anatomic site. 
Abbreviations: M, male; F, female; poly, polymorphism of PDGFRA exon 10; ?, unknown data; Dupl, duplication. 
Factors  Univariate logistic regression pvalue Fisher’s exact test pvalue. 
Agent Type Drug targets Phase Patient selection Status NCI reference Manufacturer. 
HGF-cMET inhibitors in active clinical trials for HCC or solid tumors including HCC, as of March 2013. 
*Inclusion criteria require evidence of cMET dysregulation for some or all patients. 
Active, not R: active not recruiting; ALK: anaplastic lymphoma kinase; ATP: adenosine triphosphate; GSK: GlaxoSmithKline; HGF: hepatocyte growth factor; HCC: hepatocellular carcinoma; IL6: interleukin-6; PDGFR: platelet-derived growth factor receptor; STAT: signal transducer and activator of transcription; TKI: tyrosine kinase inhibitors; and VEGFR: vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Ref. or Acc. number Symbol Gene name TNBS/Con(mean?±?SD). 
List of the strongly regulated genes in DRGs of TNBS treated rats. 
Data are presented as mean?±?SD, n?=?4. 
Gene bank accession no. Control (?Ct1) TNBS (?Ct2). 
Real time TR-PCR analysis for quantification of Cav1.2 and Cav2.3 expression levels. 
Data are presented as mean?±?SD, n?=?4, * P?<?0.05. 
  All patients (n?=?57). 
Clinical characteristics of the prostate cancer patients in the study. 
* By self-report. 
  Fold Change *,†       ucRNA 5-AzaC TSA 5-AzaC?+?TSA Type‡, host gene, host strand Overlap with mRNA Antisense to mRNA. 
ucRNA expression changes in LNCaP cells in response to treatment with epigenetic drugs. 
* Fold change: reference are the untreated cells (solvent only); †Cutoff for inclusion: P value ( t -test)?<?0.01 treatment versus control; ‡ Type is based on UCSC human genome data, UCSC version hg19, NCBI build 37 coordinates, where, n?=?nonexonic and e?=?exonic. 
ucRNA Fold Change* FDR (%) P value † Type‡, host gene, host strand Overlap with mRNA Antisense to mRNA. 
ucRNA expression changes in LNCaP cells after treatment with R1881. 
* Fold change: reference are the untreated cells (solvent only); †Cutoff for inclusion: P value ( t -test)?<?0.05 for all ucRNAs; ‡ Type is based on UCSC human genome data, UCSC version hg19, NCBI build 37 coordinates, where n?=?nonexonic, e?=?exonic, and p?=?possibly exonic. 
MEK Inhibitors Target Clinical trial Common toxicities Tumors References. 
MEK inhibitors in clinical trials. 
Glucose (mmol/g CDW h) Methanol (mmol/g CDW h) OUR (mmol/g CDW h) CER (mmol/g CDW h) Biomass (mCmol/g CDW h) RQ. 
Specific uptake and production rates of P. pastoris growing on glucose-methanol in chemostat cultures (D?=?0.09 h -1 ). 
Reconciled specific rates and calculated standard deviations [ 50 ] based on triplicate measurements; RQ, Respiratory Quotient. Consistency index h was below 5 for a redundancy of 3 (95% significance level). 
Enzyme Mass action ratios P. pastoris S. cerevisiae     Glucose-methanol Glucose a Glucose b. 
Comparison of mass action ratios of central carbon metabolism reactions under different cultivation conditions. 
aData taken from [ 11 ]. 
bData taken from [ 40 ]. 
PGI, Phosphoglucose Isomerase, PMI, Phosphomannose Isomerase; ENO, Enolase; FMH, Fumarase. 
  pH (intracellular). 
Estimated NAD/NADH ratio under different cultivation conditions. 
aData taken from [ 53 ]. 
Reported are the minimal NAD+/NADH ratios (NAD+/NADHmin), that fulfill the thermodynamic constraints (reaction directionality) at the measured and assumed concentrations (see Results section on Metabolome Analysis) for different intracellular pH. 
Cell strain % Enlarged cells controla % Enlarged cells SB203580a p38-activationb p-HSP27b. 
Summation of cellular morphologies and activation levels of p38 and HSP27. 
aThe proportion of enlarged cells is estimated from three fields within dish each containing >30 cells for control cells or SB203580 treated cells. Enlargement is a subjective measurement and is not quantitatively measured. 
bBased upon Fig.  3 : ?, absent; ±, barely detected or absent; +, detectable; ++, moderate, +++, strong; ++++, very high; nd not determined, all values are arbitrary based upon comparison between samples. 
% sBM-MSC cBM-MSC. 
characteristics of the two groups of bone marrow derived stem cells used in this study . 
The percentage of cells which was positive for a certain antigen (FACS analysis; mesenchymal marker: CD90, CD54; hematopoietic markers: CD34, CD45) is given as well as the percentage of MSC which could be transformed to adipocytes. All values are given as means?±?SEM . 
% In vitro ET In vivo ET  sMSC-ET cMSC-ET sMSC-ET cMSC-ET. 
Characteristics of the engineered tissues (ET) made from the two groups of bone marrow derived stem cells used in this study . 
The percentage of cells which was positive for a certain antigen (CD90, Cx43, troponin I) is given as well as the number of vessels/mm 2 and the percentage of the area which was covered by collagen or elastic fibers. All values are given as means?±?SEM. Significance ( in vivo vs. in vitro are indicated by an asterisk, significance between sBM-ET and cBM-ET is marked by # ( p ?<?0.05) . 
Group Cases 0 mJ/cm2 50 mJ/cm2 100 mJ/cm2. 
Level of DNA methylation following various dosages of UVB radiation in SLE patients and controls. 
Values shown represent the mean ± standard deviation. 
Statistically significant difference in DNA methylation level compared with 0 mJ/cm2 (P<0.01). SLE, systemic lupus erythematosus. 
Group Cases 0 mJ/cm2 50 mJ/cm2 100 mJ/cm2. 
Level of DNMT1 mRNA following various dosages of UVB radiation in SLE patients and controls. 
Values represent the mean ± standard deviation. 
Statistically significant difference in DNMT1 mRNA level compared with 0 mJ/cm2 (P<0.05). DNMT1, DNA methyltransferase 1; SLE, systemic lupus erythematosus. 
Group Cases 0 mJ/cm2 50 mJ/cm2 100 mJ/cm2. 
Level of MBD2 mRNA following various dosages of UVB radiation in SLE patients and controls. 
Values represent the mean ± standard deviation. No statistically significant difference in MBD2 mRNA level compared with 0 mJ/cm2 (P>0.05). MBD2, methyl CpG binding domain protein 2; SLE, systemic lupus erythematosus. 
Patients Treatment Outcome References. 
Clinical studies with regorafenib in patients affected by CRC. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; CRC, colorectal cancer; OS, overall survival; PR, partial response; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; q28, every 28 days. 
Accession Number Gene Symbol Description Log2Fold expression P.Value. 
Function Dorsal Ventral. 
GO:0007049 cell cycle; GO:0022403 cell cycle phase; GO:0000278 mitotic cell cycle; GO:0022402 cell cycle process; GO:0000087 M phase of mitotic cell cycle; GO:0051301 cell division; GO:0000279 M phase; GO:0007067 mitosis. 
Transcript names are from their human homologs. 
Potential isoforms. 
Function Dorsal Ventral. 
GO: 0010467 gene expression; GO:0010468 regulation of gene expression; GO:0006350 transcription; GO:0045449 regulation of transcription. 
Transcript names are from their human homologs. 
Potential isoforms. 
Function Dorsal Ventral. 
GO:0005856 cytoskeleton; GO:0015630 microtubule cytoskeleton; GO:0044430 cytoskeletal part. 
Transcript names are from their human homologs. 
Potential isoforms. 
Dorsal Ventral. 
GO:0006955 immune response. 
Transcript names are from their human homologs. 
Potential isoforms. 
transcript ID Annotation (Blastx against nr) v4 d4 v8 d8 log2Fc4 log2Fc8 log2Fc. 
v4: RPKM value of ventral iris 4 dpl, d4: RPKM value of dorsal iris 4 dpl, v8: RPKM value of ventral 8 dpl, d8: RPKM value of dorsal iris 8 dpl, log2Fc4: fold expression at 4 dpl between dorsal and ventral iris, log2Fc8: fold expression at 8 dpl between dorsal and ventral iris, log2Fc: fold expression between dorsal and ventral iris at both the days. 
transcript ID Annotation (Blastx against nr) v4 d4 v8 d8 log2Fc4 Log2Fc8 Log2Fc. 
v4: RPKM value of ventral iris 4 dpl, d4: RPKM value of dorsal iris 4 dpl, v8: RPKM value of ventral 8 dpl, d8: RPKM value of dorsal iris 8 dpl, log2Fc4: fold expression at 4 dpl between dorsal and ventral iris, log2Fc8: fold expression at 8 dpl between dorsal and ventral iris, log2Fc: fold expression between dorsal and ventral iris at both the days. 
Characteristics No. %. 
Patient characteristics. 
Types of mutations found in codon 12 a Codon 13 a Total   Asp (GAT) Val (GTT) Ser (AGT) Arg (CGT) Cys (TGT) Ala (GCT) Asp (GTC). 
KRAS mutation types. 
Number of tumors with KRAS mutation/total number of tumors examined. 
Responder Non-responder P-value. 
Response to treatment according to KRAS status and p53, Ki67 and E-cadherin IHC. 
P<0.05. IHC, immunohistochemistry. 
E-cadherin IHC Responder Non-responder P-value. 
Response to treatment according to combined KRAS status and E-cadherin IHC. 
P<0.05. IHC, immunohistochemistry. 
Variable Univariate Multivariate   P-value Odds ratio 95% CI P-value. 
Univariate and multivariate analysis with respect to the efficacy of Cmab. 
Cmab, cetuximab; CI, confidence interval. 
P<0.05. 
Repeat Gene Disease. 
Parameter Ground Control Spaceflight P-value % Difference. 
Significantly less than ground control, p<0.05. Means are reported ± standard deviation. 
Parameter Ground Control Flight P-value. 
Significantly less than ground control, p<0.05, #Significantly less than ground control, p<0.01. Means are reported ± standard deviation. 
Gene Symbol Gene Name P-value Log2 Fold Change. 
Stimulus/Simulation Experiment Fig. 2A Fig. 2B Fig. 2C Fig. 2D Fig. 2E Fig. 2F Fig. 2G Fig. 2H Fig. 3A Fig. 3B. 
All values represent (%ON) activity levels. Stimuli not used in these experiments were set to 0 and are not listed in the table. Note that while some external conditions consist of ranges and others of specific values, we find that most experiments are not sensitive to specific values. Using the values provided in this table, all simulated experiments of the model can be reproduced in The Cell Collective software. 
Control UHMWPE UHMWPE+PQQ (1 mg/kg) UHMWPE+PQQ (10 mg/kg). 
Values are mean ±SD (n?=?6). 
P<0.01 different from control group. 
P<0.05 different from control group. 
P<0.01 different from UHMWPE group. 
@P <0.05 different from UHMWPE group. 
P<0.05 different from low dose PQQ group. 
Case Diagnosis Annexin-V-/PI- (%)   DMSO 5 µM 10 µM. 
Freshly isolated blood MNCs from DLBCL and MCL patients were resuspended (1×106/ml) in RPMI-1640 supplemented with FBS (10%, v/v) and incubated (24 hours, 37°C, 5% CO2) with sorafenib (5–10 µM). Controls were supplemented with DMSO. At the end of the incubation, viable cell counts (Annexin-V-/PI-) were evaluated by Flow-Count beads and Annexin-V/PI double staining. Data are expressed as percent of control. 
Ishikiwa ECC-1 USPC-1 USPC-2  – I M M+I – I M M+I – I M M+I – I M M+I. 
Optical density was expressed as pIGF-IR, pAKT and pERK values normalized to the corresponding total proteins. A value of 100% was given to the optical density of IGF-I treated cells. The table shows the result of a typical experiment, repeated three times with similar results. 
?, untreated cells; I, IGF-I-treated cells; M, metformin-treated cells; M+I, metformin and IGF-I-treated cells. 
USPC-1 USPC-2  ? I M M+I ? I M M+I. 
Optical density was expressed as pTen, p53, cyclin D1, p21, Ras, Rb and E2F1 values normalized to the corresponding actin levels. A value of 100% was given to the optical density of IGF-I treated cells. The table shows the result of a typical experiment, repeated three times with similar results. 
?, untreated cells; I, IGF-I-treated cells; M, metformin-treated cells; M+I, metformin and IGF-I-treated cells. 
Cells Control Metformin USPC-1  . 
USPC-2 and USPC-1 cells were seeded in quadruplicate dishes, serum-starved for 24 h, and treated with metformin (or left untreated, controls) for 72 h. Cell cycle distribution was assessed by FACS analysis. The values in the table denote mean ± SEM;. 
p<0.05 versus control cells. 
Gene Catalog # Refseq # Official Full Name. 
Cell line ErbB2 (%) TLR2 (%). 
TLR2 and Neu expression on TuBo (E) and serial passages mammospheres (P1, P2, P3). 
Percentage of positive cells evaluated by FACS analysis. Data shows mean +/-SD from 6 different experiments. 
ARID1A Mutation. 
Investigated molecular profile of the current case. 
Cancer Characteristics/Mechanisms References. 
Characteristics of annexin A2 deregulation in cancer and the potential mechanisms. The table summarizes the effects of annexin A2 deregulation in multiple cancers as discussed in the review. 
Characteristics Number of patients (%). 
Clinical features of 43 patients with intestinal-type adenocarcinoma (ITAC). 
NA, not available. 
Case T N M Wood exposure Histology EGFR overexpression MLH1/MSH2 expression KRAS exon 2 BRAF exon 15. 
Demographic, clinicopathologic and, genetic alterations, and follow-up data of ITAC patients. 
Type Class Symbol Characteristic Cancer/biological function associations. 
Different types of non-coding RNAs involved in human cancers (modified after Sana et al. [ 107 ]). 
Sample type Method Patients ( n ) HDs ( n ) Normalization procedure based on Candidate miRNAs ( n ) Differentially expressed miRNAs Prognostic Reference. 
Circulating microRNAs with diagnostic and prognostic utilities in various cancer types (modified after Mostert et al. [ 116 ]). 
Discovery phase. 
Pooled samples. 
Differentially expressed between long and short survival groups. Higher expressed in short survival group. 
Higher expressed in long survival group. 
Higher expressed in metastatic compared with localized prostate cancer patients. AA: African–American; CA: Caucasian–American; HD: Healthy donor; miR: miRNA; NA: Not applicable; NSCLC: Non-small-cell lung cancer; qRT-PCR: Quantitative reverse-transcriptase PCR. 
Characteristic qPCR * Microarray * Sequencing * 4c-ALEX (96 wells; current prototype) Multifoci (64) 4c-ALEX (384 well optofluidics chip; in development). 
Comparison of platform technologies for microRNA profiling (expanded upon Baker et al. [ 208 ]). 
Note:. 
for qPCR, Microarray, and Sequencing, results were reported by the Association of Biomolecular Resource Facilities. Newer protocols and equipment may have different prices, throughput, output and requirements. 
Sirt1. 
List of differentially expressed genes after Sirt1 or Sirt2 gene silencing (read the entire table column-wise). 
YB-1 Domain Residue Pitative Regulatory Protein Percentile 1. 
Putative proteins that may phosphorylate YB-1 at Ser, Thr, and Tyr suggested by the Motif Scanning Prediction Tool. 
Given by the Motif scanning prediction tool, the percentile tells how the protein ranks by comparing with all vertebrate proteins in Swiss-Prot, the sequence surrounding that site, and the solvent accessibility at that position. 
Phosphorylation of YB-1 by GSK3 and ERK2 has been demonstrated by Coles et al. 2005 . 
Phosphorylation of YB-1 by Akt has been shown by Sutherland et al. 2005 and Evdokimova et al. 2006 . 
DOWN in ANTERIOR TISSUES (1) Symbol Name Function. 
Genes listed by decreasing fold change in expression, ranging from ?3.3 to ?1.9. 
Genes listed by decreasing fold change in expression, ranging from ?4.5 to ?1.7. 
Genes listed alphabetically, fold change in expression <?1.5 in both the ANT and POST microarrays. 
The table distinguishes the “top” downregulated genes in anterior or posterior tissues, and the genes affected in both types of samples. 
PATHWAY  ANT ANT POST POST   Upregulated Downregulated Upregulated Downregulated. 
Key: Bold indicates a fold change exceeding ±1.5. 
Italics indicate a p-value >0.05 (ANT) or >0.03 (POST). 
Transcription factor (c) Family Gene hits TFBS hits Z-score Transcription factor (c) Family Gene hits TFBS hits Z-score. 
59 genes analyzed from 63 genes downregulated with FC <?1.5. 
137 genes analyzed from 146 genes downregulated with FC <?1.5. 
The searched region encompassed 5 Kb upstream and 5 Kb downstream of the transcription start site. The top ten factors (highest Z-scores) appear in bold. Additional transcription factors (below) are the authors' seelection. 
Genes with conserved RAR:RXR (DR5) binding sites are: Csn3, Dhrs3, Fap, Meox1, Metrn, Rarb, Stra6, 5730596B20Rik (NB: 5730596B20Rik is an antisense EST found between the Hoxa3 and Hoxa4 genes). 
Genes with conserved Pax5 binding sites are: Apba2, Crabp2, Lgr5, Mettl1, NKx2-9, Pmm2, Ripply3, Rfx6 . 
Genes with conserved NR2F1 binding sites are: Apba2, Crabp2, Dhrs3, Dusp9, Fap, Gcsh, Hoxa1, Maob, NKx2-9, Pax6, Prdm13, Rarb, Sfrp5, Stra6, Timm8a1, Tmem56, 1700011H14Rik. 
Genes with conserved STAT1 binding sites are: Apba2, Dbx1, Dhrs3, Fap, Hoxa1, Gcsh, Kynu, Lgr5, Meox1, Pax6, Prdm13, Ptprz1, Rarb, Ripply3, Slc25a10, Snora34, Stra6, Timm8a1, 5730596B20Rik. 
Genes with conserved PBX1 binding sites are: Ccne1, Dbx1, Fap, Hoxa1, Kynu, Lgr5, Nepn, Nkx2-9, Nkx3-1, Pax6, Prdm13, Rarb, Rfx6, Ripply3, Tmem56. 
Genes with conserved PPARG:RXRA binding sites are: Apba2, Cpn1, Crabp2, Dbx1, Dhrs3, Dusp9, Gcsh, Hoxa1, Lhx1, Meox1, Mtap7d2, Nkx3-1, Pax6, Prdm13, Ptprz1, Rarb, Sh3bgrl2, Snord118, Stra6, Trmt61a, 1700011H14Rik, 5730596B20Rik. 
Genes with conserved T binding sites are: Lhx1, NKx2-9, Pmm2, Prdm13, Stra6, Timm8a1, Trmt61a, 5730596B20Rik. 
Genes with conserved Pax6 binding sites are: Dbx1, Pax6, Rarb, Stra6, 5730596B20Rik. 
Genes with conserved REST binding sites are: Acsl6, Ank1, Cntnap2, Lhx2, Mpped1. 
Genes with conserved Pou5fI binding sites are: Abcb10, Acsl6, Ank1, Apba2, Arrdc4, Aven, Cdh20, Cntnap2, Dhrs11, Gas5, Htr3b, Ikzf1, Lhx2, Mrpl18, Muc1, Neto2, Nova1, Nr2e1, Pak3, Pcdh19, Prdm16, Rragb, Shox2, Slc25a21, Taf1d, Wnt7a. 
Genes with conserved NR3C1 binding sites are: Cntnap2, Eef1d, Fez1, Hsd17b7, Htr3b, Itgb8, Klf1, Lrcc4, Lhx2, Mpped1, Mrpl20, Nova1, Nsdhl, Pcdh19, Pdss1, Phyhipl, Pou3f3, Rnf144b, Shox2, Syt11, AI504432. 
Transcription factor binding site (TFBS) analysis: genes downregulated in POSTERIOR tissues. (a). 
TFBS analysis: genes downregulated in ANTERIOR tissues. (b). 
Gene Name Description Accession Fold Change (versus untreated) Effect on LPS Proinflammatory cytokines  LPS CBD+LPS THC+LPS CBD THC CBD THC. 
genes related to proinflammatory signaling. 
genes related to inflammatory responses. 
Gene Name Description Accession Fold Change (versus untreated) Effect on LPS Anti-inflammatory cytokines  LPS CBD+LPS THC+LPS CBD THC CBD THC. 
gene involved in proinflammatory signaling. 
Gene Name Description Accession Fold Change (versus untreated) Effect on LPS Adhesion and migration  LPS CBD+LPS THC+LPS CBD THC CBD THC. 
gene related to inflammatory responses. 
Gene Name Description Accession Fold Change (versus untreated) Effect on LPS Stress response  LPS CBD+LPS THC+LPS CBD THC CBD THC. 
gene related to inflammatory responses. 
Gene Name Fold Change Inflammatory chemokines LPS CBD+LPS THC+LPS CBD THC. 
Total cases Over-expression of EGFR Positive expression of RASSF1A Factors No. No. (%) ?2 P No. (%) ?2 P. 
pT stage information is not available for 16 cases and there were no T4 cases. 
Co Control  Hy Hyperthyroid Parameter 0 Day 14 Days 0 Day 14 Days. 
Values are expressed as mean ± SD; n?=?12 per group. BP indicates blood pressure; HW, heart weight; BW, body weight; TL, tibial length; T3, triiodothyronine; T4, thyroxine. 
p<0.05, vs. Control. 
Clinical Characteristics of Normotensive, Prehypertension and Essential Hypertensive Participants. 
EH, essential hypertensive patients; PH, prehypertension; NT, normotensive subjects; BMI, body mass index; SBP, systolic blood pressure; DBP, diastolic blood pressure; TG, triglyceride; TC, total cholesterol; HDL-C, high density lipoprotein cholesterol; LDL-C, low density lipoprotein cholesterol; Glu, blood glucose; BUN, blood urea nitrogen; Cr, creatinine; UA, uric acid. 
All the data were presented as mean±SD. All the groups were compared with NT group. 
* p <0.05. 
† p <0.01. 
Genotype Frequency of the Studied Groups. 
EH, essential hypertensive patients; PH, prehypertension; NT, normotensive subjects; OR, odds ratio; 95% CI, 95% confidence interval; n, subject number. 
All the groups were compared with NT group. 
Ordinal Logistic Regression Analysis of Blood Pressure and Related Risk Factors. 
BMI, body mass index; TC, total cholesterol; LDL-C, low density lipoprotein cholesterol; 95% CI, 95% confidence interval. 
Selected PPAR? Target Genes Involved in Metabolism. 
PPAR?, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma; CAP, Cbl-associated protein; IRS2, insulin receptor substrate 2; GLUT4, glucose transporter 4; LPL, lipoprotein lipase; GyK, glycerol kinase; TNF-?, tumor necrosis factor-?; IL-6, interleukin-6; GLUT2, glucose transporter 2; CD36, fatty acid translocase; ACS, acetyl-CoA synthetase; PCK2, phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 2; GK, glucokinase. 
List of Regulatory Factors for PPAR? Activity. 
PPAR?, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma; SRC-1, steroid receptor coactivator-1; PGC-1?, PPAR? coactivator-1; CBP, CREB-binding protein; TRAP, thyroid hormone receptor-associated protein; BAF, Brg1/Brm-associated factor; MBF-1, multiprotein bridging factor-1; NRF2, nuclear factor E2-related factor 2; PRIP, PPAR-interacting protein; PDIP, PPAR?-DBD interacting protein; SHP, small heterodimer partner; NCoR, nuclear corepressor; SMRT, silencing mediator of retinoid and thyroid hormone receptor; Rb, retinoblastoma protein; SHP, small heterodimer partner; DBD, DNA-binding domain; UCP, uncoupling protein; BAT, brown adipose tissue; AF-1, agonist-independent activation domain; AF-2, agonist-dependent activation domain; LBD, ligand-binding domain; PEPCK, phosphoenol pyruvate carboxykinase; RXR, retinoid X receptor; TFIID, transcription factor IID; TXS, thromboxane synthase; Cdk5, cyclin-dependent kinase; ARF6, ADP-ribosylation factor; RIP140, receptor-interacting protein 140. 
S. No. Organism No. of proteins identified Biological material used for fractionation Technique used Experimental conditions Reference. 
A comprehensive list of plant nuclear proteomes. 
Partner Binding Site on ROCK Outcome of Interaction Cell Types References. 
Molecules Regulating ROCK by Direct Binding. 
CRMP, collapsin response mediator protein; LIMK, LIM domain kinase; MBS, myosin binding subunit; MLC, myosin light chain; MLCP, myosin light chain phosphatase; MYBPH, myosin binding protein H; NPM, nucleophosmin/B23; PDK1, phosphoinositide-dependent kinase 1; ROCK, Rho-associated protein kinase. Canine (Ca), chick (C), human (H), mouse (M), porcine (P), or rat (R). 
Interaction with ROCK II was not detected. 
ROCK kinase activity assay performed. 
Interaction with ROCK II was not investigated. 
Interaction with ROCK I was not investigated. 
Interaction with ROCK I was not detected. 
Drug Mechanism Study type Study phase Study aims/findings. 
Current pediatric clinical trials targeting the PI3K pathway . 
MTD, maximum-tolerated dose; PBMC, peripheral blood mononuclear cells . 
Reference No . Crystalline structure Exposure mode Dose Test type Result. 
Genotoxicity of TiO 2 NPs in vivo studies. 
(+) Positive; (?) Negative. 
Reference No . Crystalline structure Exposure mode Concentration Test type Result. 
Genotoxicity of TiO 2 NPs in vivo studies. 
(+) positive; (?) negative; (±) uncertain. 
Gene Chr SNP a Growth Traits b Ref. . 
Significant Associations of the SNPs Within Candidate Genes with their Growth Traits (P<0.01). 
Names of SNPs are cited from original papers. 
BW: body weight; ADG: average daily gain; SL: shank length; BL: body length; LL: leg length; SD: shank diameter; HW: hatch weight; SIL: length of small intestine; BA: breast angle; BD: breast depth; SG: shank girth. 
Clinicopathologic characteristics mTOR+ mTOR- P p-mTOR+ p-mTOR - P   n (%) n (%)   n (%) n (%)  . 
Relationships between tumour characteristics and expression of mTOR and p-mTOR. 
aMitotic index of the histological grading system [ 27 ]. 
Baseline characteristics. 
Values are presented as mean±standard deviation or number (%). 
BMI, body mass index; DM, diabetes mellitus; SBP, systolic blood pressure; HbA1c, glycated hemoglobin; FPG, fasting plasma glucose; AST, aspartate aminotransferase; ALT, alanine aminotransferase; GGT, gamma glutamyl transferase; TC, total cholesterol; LDL-C, low density lipoprotein cholesterol; HDL-C, high density lipoprotein cholesterol; TG, triglyceride; GFR, glomerular filtration rate. 
a P <0.05. 
The risk of cancer among patients with type 2 diabetes. 
Multivariate linear regression analysis. 
CI, confidence interval; LDL-C, low density lipoprotein cholesterol. 
a P <0.05. 
Baseline characteristics grouped by metformin use. 
Values are presented as mean±standard deviation or number (%). 
BMI, body mass index; DM, diabetes mellitus; SBP, systolic blood pressure; HbA1c, glycated hemoglobin FBS, fasting blood sugar; WBC, white blood cell; AST, aspartate aminotransferase; ALT, alanine aminotransferase; GGT, gamma glutamyl transferase; TC, total cholesterol; LDL-C, low density lipoprotein cholesterol; HDL-C, high density lipoprotein cholesterol; TG, triglyceride; hs-CRP, high sensitivity C-reactive protein; BUN, blood urea nitrogen; GFR, glomerular filtration rate; ACEI, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors; ARB, angiotensin II receptor blockers. 
a P <0.05. 
The risk of cancer among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus who did not use metformin. 
Multivariate linear regression analysis. 
CI, confidence interval; DM, diabetes mellitus; SBP, systolic blood pressure; LDL-C, low density lipoprotein cholesterol; TC, total cholesterol; TG, triglyceride. 
Study Benesch et al. ( 2008 ) Narayana et al. ( 2010 ) Parekh et al. ( 2011 ) Couec et al. ( 2012 ) Gururangan et al. ( 2010 ). 
Efficacy results for high-grade glioma . 
Disease LGG LGG LGG Schwannoma with NF2 Schwannoma with NF2 Ependympoma Medulloblastoma. 
Efficacy results for low-grade glioma, NF2, and other CNS malignancies . 
Study Benesch et al. ( 2008 )     Conde et al. ( 2011 ) Joshi and Banerjee ( 2008 ). 
Efficacy results for non-CNS malignancies . 
Study Glade Bender et al. ( 2008 ) phase I trial Parekh et al. ( 2011 ) Narayana et al. ( 2012a ) Gururangan et al. ( 2010 ) Hwang et al. ( 2013 ) Couec et al. ( 2012 ) Packer et al. ( 2009 ) Reismüller et al. ( 2010 ) Plotkin et al. ( 2009 ) Mautner et al. ( 2010 ) Joshi and Banerjee ( 2008 ). 
Adverse events . 
HTN, hypertension * not thought to be due to drug. **HTN after 10 infusion requiring medical treatment. ***Pre-existing Grade I and II in two patients; in patient with Grade I, HTN increased to Grade II; the patient with grad II remained Grade II. &Fatigue Grade I–III ( n ?=?7), HTN Grade I–III ( n ?=?7) . 
Group LVEDD (mm) LVW/BW (mg/g) LVEF HR (beats/min) IS CVFI CVFIII. 
The changes of cardiac structure, function and collagen volume fraction. 
Data are expressed as the mean ±SD. LVEDD – left ventricular end-diastolic diameter; LVW/BW – left ventricular weight/body weight; LVEF – left ventricular ejection fraction; HR – heart rate; IS – infarction size; CVFI – volume fraction of collagen type I; CVFIII – volume fraction of collagen type III; Sham – sham operation; MI – myocardial infarction. 
p <0.05 vs. post-sham 24 h group. 
p <0.05 vs. post-MI 24 h group. 
p <0.05 vs. post-sham 12 weeks group. 
Ca 2+ channel Cell type Mechanisms and effectors References. 
Role of plasmalemmal Ca 2+ channels in cell migration and tumor metastasis. 
Cdc25C, cell division cycle 25 homolog C; CDK1, cyclin-dependent kinase 1; EGF, epidermal growth factor; ER, estrogen receptor; FAK, focal adhesion kincase; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; SPCA2, secretory pathway Ca2+-ATPase; MEF, mouse embryonic fibroblast; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; Pyk2, proline-rich tyrosine kinase 2; VEGF, vascular endothelial cell growth factor. 
Drosophila gene   Pea aphid gene(s)   Accession number. 
Members of the Drosophila maternal terminal patterning system and their pea aphid homologs. 
aXP accession numbers refer to Genbank; bACYPI accession numbers refer to AphidBase, official gene set 2.1 [ 39 ]. 
Subject Technique. 
Selected techniques in systems biology. 
Some techniques utilized in global identification of all molecules involved in a system under study and the construction of interacting networks that can explain and predict phenotypes. 
ERK2(T185E)–PEA-15 FL ERK2–PEA-15(1–96) Phospho-ERK2–PEA-15(1–96). 
Protein Accession number Molecular weight pI Number of matched peptides Mascot score Sequence coverage % Fold. 
Differently expressed proteins between adrenocortical carcinomas and normal adrenocortical tissues in proteomic study. 
GO term Count p-value Gene symbol. 
Gene Ontology (GO) analysis on up-regulated proteins in proteomics study. 
Clinical characteristics Total Calreticulin expression P Prohibitin expression P     Low (n?=?19) High (n?=?20)   Low (n?=?18) High (n?=?21)  . 
Association between calreticulin and prohibitin expression status with clinical charateristics in ACC. 
Residue This study IM-treated K562 cells [ [ 38 ] ] EGF-stimulated MCF-10A cells [ [ 19 ] ] Phospho-sitePlus Protein docking site or other known function Conserved in Gab1. 
A meta-map of Gab2 phosphorylation. 
Comparison of the phospho-maps of Gab2 from this study with those established for IM treated K562 cells [ 38 ], EGF stimulated MCF-10A cells [ 19 ] and the sites listed in the curated phosphosite database ( http://www.phosphosite.org ). Note that in addition to other entries, the entries from the MCF-10A cells are also represented in this database. See Wöhrle et al. (2009) for further details on the indicated docking sites. Gab2 phoshorylation sites that have a homotopic counterpart in Gab1 (incl. conserved S?T conversions) were identified by comparing the human Gab2 (NP_53679) and Gab1 (NP_997006.1) sequences using the BLASTP 2.2.27+ tool. However, it should be noted that in many cases only the phosphorylation site itself and not its context were conserved between both paralogues, like it was described for the T391/T387 in Gab2/Gab1 [ 19 , 57 ]. All new Gab2 phosphorylation sites, identified in this study were marked in bold. 
MAP kinases regulated by LPLUNC1 Gene Symbol Protein/gene definition Genebank Fold Change (LPLUNC/Vector). 
Gene Forward Reverse PCR product size. 
Primers used for validation of mutations by PCR test. 
Pt. no. Age at 1st op. (yr) M/F Diagnosis Tu. location 2nd op. MH Chemotherapy Radiotherapy Death. 
Clinical and demographic data of children with low-grade glioma. 
MH = medical history; PA = pilocytic astrocytoma; FA = fibrillary astrocytoma; PXA = pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma; SEGA = subependymal giant cell astrocytoma; OTG = optic tract glioma; chia-ht = chiasmatic–hypothalamic; PF = posterior fossa; NF-1 = neurofibromatosis type 1; TS = tuberosclerosis; LD = Lhermitte–Duclos. ?Patients 4 and 44 multiple surgeries due to progression (4) and recurrence (44) (indicated by asterisk). 
Pt. no. BRAF copy number BRAF mutation GNA11 mutation GNAQ mutation. 
Results of molecular studies of pediatric low-grade gliomas. 
NS = not studied; neg = negative. 
Species Theoretical m/z Measured m/z Mass error a (ppm). 
Identification of diacyl-PA species in MEFs. 
Difference between theoretical m/z and measured m/z . 
I.S., internal standard. 
Species Theoretical m/z Measured m/z Mass error a (ppm). 
Identification of alkyl – acyl-PA species in MEFs. 
Difference between theoretical m/z and measured m/z . 
miRNA Average fold difference SPRET/FVB (range) Types of probe Species b a Probes p -value c. 
Notes. 
Average fold difference across all significant probe sets. Types of probes indicate whether probes for mature (mature), precursor (prec) or both (both) showed expression differences. 
Both mouse and human probe sets were included on the array. Species indicates whether probes for mouse and/or human showed expression differences. 
When multiple probes were significant, an average of the p -value for all the probes was calculated. 
Study A (profile 1005) Study B (A8081001). 
Efficacy data for approval by the US Food and Drug Administration 24 – 26. 
Notes:. 
Enrolment at the time of regulatory submission;. 
119 patients enrolled, but only 116 evaluable. Response rates calculated based on 116 patients. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; CR, complete response; ORR, overall response rate; PR, partial response. 
All grades n (%) Grades 3–4 n (%). 
Common adverse events reported in studies A and B. 
Note: n=225. 
Abbreviations: ALT, alanine aminotransferase; AST, aspartate aminotransferase. 
Toxicity n (%) a Recommended dose modification. 
Serious adverse events requiring crizotinib dose modification. 
Notes:. 
incidence of Grade 3 and 4 toxicities reported in study A and study B from a total of 255 evaluable patients;. 
lymphopenia 29 (11%); neutropenia 13 (5%); thrombocytopenia 1 (<1%);. 
in case of recurrence, withhold until recovery to grade ? 2, then resume at 250 mg once daily. Permanently discontinue in case of further grade 4 recurrence;. 
four cases of QTc prolongation out of 308 evaluable patients have been documented;. 
Grade 3 or 4 ALT elevation, 14 (5%); Grade 3 or 4 AST, 5 (2%). 
Abbreviations: ALT, alanine aminotransferase; AST, aspartate aminotransferase. 
Persistent presence of ALK rearrangement Loss of detectable ALK rearrangement. 
Mechanisms of acquired crizotinib resistance. 
Abbreviations: ALK , anaplastic lymphoma kinase; EGFR , epidermal growth factor receptor; ErbB, avian erythroblastosis oncogene B homolog; KIT , v-kit Hardy-Zuckerman 4 feline sarcoma viral oncogene homolog; KRAS , v-Ki-ras2 Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog. 
Drug Manufacturer Target Clinical stage. 
ALK-targeted therapies in development. 
Notes:. 
Effective against L1196M, S1206R, and G1269S ALK secondary mutations;. 
effective against L1196 ALK secondary mutations;. 
effective against L1196M, C1156Y, and F1174L ALK secondary mutations. 
Abbreviations: ALK, anaplastic lymphoma kinase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HSP90, heat shock protein 90; FDA, US Food and Drug Administration. 
Early trials done with vismodegib, their outcome and adverse effects[ 18 – 21 ]. 
Human hedgehog pathway inhibitors in clinical development[ 24 – 28 ]. 
Group No. of patients Expression of TET2. 
* compared with normal controls, P <0.01. 
Karyotype No. of patients Expression of TET2. 
* compared with good group, P <0.05. 
Oligo name Accession code Sequence (5?-3?) Expected length (bp). 
Notes: AR, GABAA receptor, BR, GABAB receptor. 
Huh7 HepG2 SMMC-7721 PLC MHCCLM3 MHCC97L SK-Hep1 Hep3B. 
Notes: AR, GABAA receptor, BR, GABAB receptor. The gene is depicted as the number of transcripts per 103 copies of the housekeeping gene ?-actin, -, <0.01,+, ?0.01, ++, ?0.1, +++, ?1, ++++, ?10. 
  Contextual gene set ISA All identified interactions 285 10. 
The number of specific interactions for each tissue type from the refractory cancer data. 
GO terms relevant only to cancer-generic GO terms relevant only to tissue-centric contextual gene sets contextual gene sets. 
Significantly associated GO terms to only cancer-generic or tissue-centric contextual gene sets. 
The frequency indicates the number of contextual gene sets associated with the corresponding GO term. Only 20 most frequent terms are shown for each case. 
MSigDB annotation (Source) P. 
Top 10 most significant annotations for 12 contextual gene sets of region (A), Figure 3. 
Subtype/Condition Number of specific interactions. 
The number of specific interactions for each GBM subtype and sample condition. 
Among the investigated conditions, conditions with no specific interaction are not shown. 
T k T k -centric gene sets Genes |Annot ( T k ) | |Annot ( T k ) ? Annot ( G B M )| (Overlap %). 
The number of subtype-centric contextual gene sets and associated annotation terms. 
Gene set Classical Mesenchymal Neural Proneural   UP DOWN UP DOWN UP DOWN UP DOWN. 
Comparison between GBM subtype-centric contextual gene sets and GBM subtype signature genes reported by Verhaak et al. [26]. 
Table lists the number of over-expressed genes (UP) and under-expressed genes (DOWN). 
  GBM-generic Classical Mesenchymal Neural Proneural Multi-type. 
Comparison between contextual gene sets and MSigDB gene sets identified with GSEA. 
The number of gene sets are listed. For the contextual gene sets, GBM-generic or each subtype-centric contextual gene sets are shown. Multi-type indicates gene sets with various subtype-specific interactions. 
Summary of what radiologists should know about molecular targeted therapies (MTT) in advanced and metastatic non-GIST STS. 
– By blocking angiogenesis mediated by VEGF or PDGF pathways (TKIs). 
– By apoptosis or hyalinization: all MTTs. 
MTT, molecular targeted therapy; GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; STS, soft tissue sarcoma; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; RECIST, Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors; MASS, morphology, attenuation, size and structure. 
Gene symbol Gene name or target gene name Types of ovarian CSC/TICs Function Reference. 
Genes, pathways, and miRNAs involved in the regulation of ovarian cancer stem cells or tumor-initiating cells (CSC/TICs). 
Agent or drug Ovarian CSC/TICs targeted Target Effects Mechanism of action Reference. 
Agents and drugs targeting ovarian CSC/TICs. 
Aptamers Antibodies. 
Comparing aptamers with antibodies. 
Scaffold Structural element Application References Remark. 
Used scaffold proteins and modifications. 
NCT number Target (aptamer + adjuvant) Conditions Phase/s Funded by. 
Aptamers used in traceable clinical trials. 
Ligand Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by microbe-derived peptides. 
FPR, formyl-peptide receptor; Mon., monocytes; Lymph., lymphocytes; Neutr., neutrophils; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; Akt, protein kinase B; STAT3, signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; TRAIL, tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand; NADPH, nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate; pEC50, negative logarithm of the EC50. 
Ligand Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by ligands from nonpeptide library. 
pEC50, negative logarithm of the EC50; pIC50, negative logarithm of the IC50. 
Ligands Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by mitochondrial peptides. 
pEC50 = negative logarithm of the EC50. 
Ligand Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by amyloidogenic peptides and proteins. 
A?42, ?-amyloid peptide 42; HN, humanin; FLS, fibroblast-like synoviocytes; JNK, c-Jun N-terminal kinase; COX2, cyclooxygenase-2; MMP-9, matrix-metalloproteinase-9; PTX3, pentraxin 3; PLD, phospholipase D; MARCO, macrophage receptor with collagenous structure; Mon., Monocytes; Neutr., Neutrophils; Lymph., Lymphocytes; pEC50, negative logarithm of the EC50. 
Ligand Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by peptides associated with inflammatory and anti-inflammatory responses. 
uPAR, urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor; PACAP, pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating polypeptide; VCAP1, VIP/pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating protein; MSC, mesenchymal stromal cell; PMN, human neutrophil; LTB4, leukotriene B4; PKC, protein kinase C; C5, complement 5; EGF, epidermal growth factor; FGF1, fibroblast growth factor 1; MMP-2, metalloproteinase-2; M-CSF, macrophage colony-stimulating factor; MCP-1, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1; Mon., Monocytes; Lymph., Lymphocytes; Neutr., Neutrophils; pEC50, negative logarithm of the EC50. 
Ligand Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by annexin A1 and derived peptides. 
ANXA1, annexin A1, pEC50, negative logarithm of the EC50. 
Ligand Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by other endogenous peptides. 
Mon, Monocytes; Neutr., Neutrophils; Macroph., Macrophages; pEC50, negative logarithm of the EC50. 
Ligand Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by endogenous nonpeptide ligands. 
LXA4, lipoxin A4; GPCR, G-protein coupled receptor; HLF, human lung fibroblast; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; CTGF, connective tissue growth factor; Epith. and Endothel. cells, Epithelial and Endothelial cells; p K d, negative logarithm of K d. 
Ligand Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by WKYMVm. 
LPA, lysophosphatidic acid; IKK, inhibitory-?B kinase; pEC50, negative logarithm of the EC50. 
Ligand Origin Selectivity Cells Effects Ref. Potency. 
Intracellular signaling cascades triggered by other ligands from peptide library. 
pEC50, negative logarithm of the EC50. 
Marker Studies/Methods References. 
Altered lipid metabolism in ovarian cancer: potential diagnostic markers. 
Abbreviations: PLA2, phospholipase A2; LPLs, lysophospholipids; LPA, lysophosphatidic acid; LPI, lysophosphatidylinositol; LPC, Lysophosphatidylcholine; SIP, sphingosine-1-phosphate; LC ESI-MS/MS, liquid chromatography electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry; ESI-MS, electrospray ionization mass spectrometry. 
Target Treatment Effect References. 
Altered lipid metabolism in ovarian cancer: potential therapeutic targets. 
Abbreviations: Fas, fatty acid synthase; ATX, autotaxin; ccPA, 2-carbacyclic phosphatidic acid; ENPP2, ectonucleotide pyrophosphatase/phosphodiesterase 2; CERT, ceramide transport protein. 
Species 1 # genes 2 ITSN1 ITSN2 GEF domain 3. 
ITSN orthologs. 
Protein sequences were obtained from NCBI, and information was derived by searching NCBI MapView ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/mapview/ ) for intersectin related sequence, and the SMART database ( http://smart.embl-heidelberg.de ) for entries possessing EH, SH3, and DH–PH domains. Additional comparisons were done by examining various ITSN-related proteins using BLAST programs to determine relationships between orthologs;. 
Denotes the number of distinct genetic loci encoding ITSN-related proteins in the indicated species. NOTE: many species also contain one or more ITSN pseudogenes;. 
Indicates whether the ITSN genes encode a long splice variant encoding a Cdc42 GEF;. 
Due to ambiguous sequence, protein appears to have less than 5 SH3 domains;. 
ND, not determined;. 
Partial clones;. 
These species possess three ITSN genes. The increase in ITSN genes likely arose from a genome duplication event in vertebrate evolution [ 19 ];. 
These orthologs possess 4 SH3 domains in contrast to the 5 SH3 domains found in most ITSN orthologs;. 
Described in [ 20 ]. 
Class P4 ATPase Pathophysiology in mice Pathophysiology in humans References. 
Overview of mammalian P4 ATPase deficiencies and their pathophysiological characteristics in mice and humans. 
Polymer/drug (mg/mg) Coating efficiency Coating thickness (mm) Sorafenib concentration per unit area (mg/cm2). 
Characterization of sorafenib-coated stent. 
XPS atomic %  Atom UF SF. 
Surface analysis of sorafenib-incorporated PCL film using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. 
Abbreviations: PCL, poly(?-caprolactone); UF, unloaded PCL film; SF, sorafenib-loaded PCL film; XPS, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy; ND, no detection. 
Sample Conditioned media Time (months) M w × 10?4 M n × 10?4 M w / M n. 
Changes in molecular weight of PCL films. 
Abbreviations: PCL, poly(?-caprolactone); M w , weight average molecular weight; M n , number average molecular weight; UF, unloaded PCL film; SF, sorafenib-loaded PCL film; PBS, phosphate-buffered saline. 
Drugs Disease Clinical trial ID*. 
B-Raf inhibitors in phase I/II clinical trials. 
*details available at http://www.clinicaltrials.gov . 
Drugs/regimen Diseases Dosage Clinical trial ID*. 
B-Raf inhibitors in phase III clinical trials. 
*details available at http://www.clinicaltrials.gov . 
Gene Primer nucleotide sequences. 
The core ARE1, ARE2 and their mutant sequences contained in primers were shown in shade. The mutated nucleotides in the table were in bold italic. 
Gene Primer nucleotide sequences. 
  Sensitive Resistant. 
Clinical characteristics of 45 ovarian carcinoma patients. 
Primer Sequence 5?-3?. 
The sequences of primers in the dual luciferase reporter assay. 
WT : wild type; F : forward, R : reverse; Mut : mutation. The mutation site in the Mut-primer is bold. 
  Controls NF1 patients NF1 patients NF1 patients     w/o PNF w/o MPNST with PNF w/o MPNST with MPNST. 
Characteristics of patient cohorts recruited for the study. 
  NF1 marker MPNST marker   IFN-? EGFR IL-6 TNF-? IGFBP1 RANTES. 
Overview on serum marker features at 90% sensitivity. 
The prevalence for NF1 markers was set at 0.5, while the prevalence for MPNST markers was set at 10%. The risk of NF1 patients to develop an MPNST is 8-13%. 
Strain Description Source. 
Drug Concentration (?M) Adenylyl cyclase activity (pmol of cAMP/mg/min) a % Change b. 
Adenylyl cyclase activity in a yeast plasma membrane extract was measured in the presence of the triclabendazole, fenbendazole, albendazole, or 2,5-dideoxyadenosine (2,5-DDA) as described in the “Materials and Methods”. Values are the mean ± SD of the three independent experiments. b The percentage change was determined by comparing the experimental treatments triclabendazole, fenbendazole, and 2,5-DDA to DMSO. 
Current Pore Forming Subunit Localization Specific Antagonists Cellular Functions. 
Molecular Diversity of VGCC. 
The table reports the current classification of the different VGCCs according to the type of Ca2+ current carried and of the gene encoding the pore forming subunit. For each class the main pharmacological properties and physiological roles are reported. Reproduced under permission with slight modifications from Catteral, W.A., Striessnig, J., Snutch, T.P., Perez-Reyes, E. International Union of Pharmacology. XL. Compendium of Voltage-Gated Ion Channels: calcium Channels. Pharmacol. Rev., 2003, 55(4), 579-581. 
Cell Compartment Involved Pathogenetic Mechanism Diseases . 
Mechanisms of VGCC-Dependent Neurotoxicity. 
Gene Reference N Finding. 
Summary of prognostic genes in cerebral vasospasm. 
Gene Reference Method Organism Expression Effect. 
Summary of preclinical in vivo gene therapy experiments. 
Clinical Finding AD-HIES DIDS AR-HIES TYK2 AR-HIES. 
Distinguishing Features Comparing AD-HIES With DIDS and TYK2 HIES. 
Duke’s staging TNM staging Description Survival (%). 
Staging and survival of colorectal cancers . 
Phyllanthus ?species Extracts IC50 ± SEM ( ? g/mL) PC-3. 
Treatment of PC-3 cells at different IC50 values of Phyllanthus extracts [ 8 ]. 
No. UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot? (accession number) Protein Phyllanthus Aqueous extract Methanolic extract PA PN PU PW PA PN PU PW. 
Fold changes of differential proteins in aqueous- and methanolic-treated PC-3 cells. Symbols “+” indicate upregulation and “?” indicate downregulation. PA: P. ? amarus ; PN: P. ? niruri ; PU: P. ? urinaria and PW: P. ? watsonii . 
Enrichment cluster 1: Score 7.09 Count P Value. 
The number of genes enriched in each pathway (designated “count”) and associated p values are indicated. 
Transcription Factor P value FDR. 
Predicted transcription factors for the genes less induced in 6 h activated Scap fl/fl versus WT CD8+ T cells. 
  Target molecule   CD3 IL-2R ZAP-70 LAT (pY171) LAT (pY226) P-p44/42 MAPK p- tyrosine Acetyl-histone H3 Vimentin ?-tubulin. 
Summary of the results obtained from the MASER-12 suborbital space flight mission. 
The effect of cultivation in experiment hardware (H/W compared to CC), the effect of launch phase / hypergravity (BL compared to H/W), the effect of microgravity in non-activated T cells (?g and 1g compared to BL and direct comparison ?g vs. 1g) and the effect of microgravity in ConA/CD28-activated T cells (?g and 1g compared to BL and direct comparison ?g vs. 1g) are demonstrated. (?*): increase, p<0.1; (?**): increase, p<0.05 according to two-tailed Mann–Whitney-U-Test. (?*): decrease, p<0.1, (?**): decrease, p<0.05 according to two-tailed Mann–Whitney-U-Test. ( ): no significant changes. 
Node name Mean number of tokens at 20th time point Absolute t-value (p-value) Control CRKL up-regulated CRKL down-regulated CRKL up-regulated CRKL down-regulated. 
Results of t -test comparing mean expression levels (at time point 20) for all scenarios. 
EF <50% EF ?50% p -value. 
Data are number (%), mean±SEM or median [interquartile range]. 
Mann-Whitney U test. 
Welch’s test. 
DM, diabetes mellitus; BMI, body mass index; SBP, systolic blood pressure; HbA1c, hemoglobin A1c; FBG, fasting blood glucose; TG, triglycerides; TC, total cholesterol; HDL-C, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; LDL-C, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; E/A, ratio of early to late left ventricular filling velocity; E/Ea, ratio of early diastolic mitral inflow to annular velocity; NT-proBNP, N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide. 
E/A <1 E/A ?1 p -value. 
Data are number (%), mean±SEM or median [interquartile range]. 
Mann-Whitney U test. 
Welch’s test. 
DM, diabetes mellitus; BMI, body mass index; SBP, systolic blood pressure; HbA1c, hemoglobin A1c; FBG, fasting blood glucose; TG, triglycerides; TC, total cholesterol; HDL-C, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; LDL-C, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; EF, ejection fraction; E/Ea, ratio of early diastolic mitral inflow to annular velocity; NT-proBNP, N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide. 
E/Ea >15 E/Ea ?15 p -value. 
Data are number (%), mean±SEM or median [interquartile range]. 
Mann-Whitney U test. 
DM, diabetes mellitus; BMI, body mass index; SBP, systolic blood pressure; HbA1c, hemoglobin A1c; FBG, fasting blood glucose; TG, triglycerides; TC, total cholesterol; HDL-C, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; LDL-C, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; EF, ejection fraction; E/A, ratio of early to late left ventricular filling velocity; NT-proBNP, N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide. 
EF E/A E/Ea Log-NT-proBNP. 
Spearman’s rank correlation coefficients ( ? ); others are Pearson’s correlation coefficients ( ? ). 
p <0.05,. 
p <0.01,. 
p <0.001 and † p <0.1. 
EF, ejection fraction; E/A, ratio of early to late left ventricular filling velocity; E/Ea, ratio of early diastolic mitral inflow to annular velocity; NT-proBNP, N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide; DM, diabetes mellitus; BMI, body mass index; SBP, systolic blood pressure; HbA1c, hemoglobin A1c; FBG, fasting blood glucose; TG, triglycerides; TC, total cholesterol; HDL-C, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; LDL-C, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. 
(A) Model 1  ? p -value R 2 Adjusted R 2. 
? , standardized regression coefficient; R 2 , coefficient of determination; EF, ejection fraction; DM, diabetes mellitus; HbA1c, hemoglobin A1c; E/A, ratio of early to late left ventricular filling velocity; E/Ea, ratio of early diastolic mitral inflow to annular velocity; NT-proBNP, N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide; FBG, fasting blood glucose; LDL-C, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. 
Spot ID Protein name Accession number MW Da pI AASC % MP Folds (Al vs control)        XZ16 XZ61 Dayton. 
AASC, Amino acid sequence coverage; MP, Matched peptides. 
Protein spot ID refers to numbers in Fig. 7 . Accession number of top database match from the NCBInr database. ‘Al vs control’ referred to fold variation of Al exposed vs unexposed plants. Fold increase and decrease were calculated as Al/control, and –control/Al for up and down -regulated proteins respectively. All ratios shown are statistically significant ( p <0.05). 
Spot ID Protein name Accession number MW, Da pI AASC % MP Folds (Al vs controls)        XZ16 XZ61 Dayton. 
, Spot U25 is the same protein spots as U6 identified in 50 µM Al stress. 
Protein spot ID refers to numbers in Fig. 7 . Accession number of top database match from the NCBInr database. ‘Al vs control’ referred to fold variation of Al exposed vs unexposed plants. Fold increase and decrease were calculated as Al/control, and –control/Al for up and down -regulated proteins respectively. All ratios shown are statistically significant ( p <0.05). 
Characteristic Natural Treg Induced Treg. 
Characteristics that distinguish nTreg from iTreg . 
Hsieh et al. ( 2004 ), Horwitz et al. ( 2008 ), Quintana et al. ( 2008 ) Rubtsov et al. ( 2010 ), Thornton et al. ( 2010 ) Bilate and Lafaille ( 2012 ), Verhagen et al. ( 2013 ) . 
Title Status Identifier Goal. 
Ongoing clinical trials using 1-MT as an adjuvant immunotherapy . 
Control 2K1C 2K1C+HPP593  (n?=?8) (n?=?8) (n?=?12). 
The weight of the right kidney was set as 100% and the relative weight of the left (clipped) kidney was recalculated for each animal sample. (n?=?8, *p<0.05 and **p<0.001 vs control, #p<0.05 vs 2K1C). 
      24h     48h     72h   Cell Cycle phase C10% FCS C2.5% FCS 2.5% FCS?+?EGF C10% FCS C2.5% FCS 2.5% FCS?+?EGF C10% FCS C2.5% FCS 2.5% FCS?+?EGF. 
Cell cycle analysis in A549 and HK2 cell lines after EGF (100ng) stimulation for 24, 48 and 72 hours. 
      48 hours  . 
Cell cycle analysis in A549 and HK2 cell lines after 48 hours of EGF stimulation (100 or 200 ng/mL). 
  n Age (years) Race (n)     Mean SD White African American Unknown. 
Patient demographic data. 
  Number Percent. 
Clinical characteristics for the ovarian cancer patients. 
Author/study Journal Design/FU Population* Agents (dosage/day) Results. 
Major studies with possible beneficial effects of AOs on cardiovascular outcomes in humans. 
The CHAOS study is the largest study to report a strong decrease in nonfatal MI but, conversely, a slight increase in cardiovascular death. Other studies were performed in smaller groups. Overall, no overwhelming positive effects could be found in the studies. Population*: N : number of patients; M: male; F: female; y: age in years. DB: double blind; PC: placebo controlled; d: days; m: months; E: vitamin E; C: vitamin C; NAC: N-acetylcysteine; PUFAn-3: polyunsaturated fatty acids n-3; EPA: eicosapentaenoic; DHA: docosahexaenoic; ? OZ: ? -oryzanol; I: incidence; BP: blood pressure; CV: cardiovascular; MI: myocardial infarction; HT: hypertension; AMI: acute myocardial infarction; OS: oxidative stress. 
Author/study Journal Design/FU Population? Agents (dosage/day) Results. 
Major studies with no beneficial effects of AOs on cardiovascular outcomes. 
Large multicenter studies all presented the same result that oral AOs had no beneficial effect on cardiovascular outcomes. Some studies even showed an increased risk of coronary heart disease. Population*: N : number of patients; M: male; F: female; y: age in years; 2 × 2: 2 × 2 factorial design comparing placebo, agent A, agent B, and combination of agent A and B; DB: double blind; PC: placebo controlled; E: vitamin E; C: vitamin C; ? C: beta-carotene; FCHD: fatal coronary heart disease; MCE: myocardial event; CHD: coronary heart disease; AMI: acute myocardial infarction; CV: cardiovascular; OS: oxidative stress; IU: international units; HF: heart failure. 
Log EC50 (M) Emax (% Reduction)  Treatment Target Count ATP MTS Count ATP MTS Cell Cycle Response. 
Values in bold indicate ATP or MTS assay log EC50 differing by >1 log unit from cell count EC50, or ATP or MTS assay Emax differing by >25% from the cell count Emax. ND, valid curve fits could not be obtained according to the criteria described in Materials and Methods . 
ROS sources Inhibitors Mechanisms. 
Inhibitors of ROS sources. 
AT1R: angiotensin II type 1 receptor, ARBs: angiotensin II type 1 receptor blockers, ROCK: Rho-kinase, ECs: endothelial cells, CMCs: cardiomyocytes, UP: uncoupling protein, PPAR: peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor, TZD: thiazolidinedione. 
Author Pts Biological predictors/prognosticators Correlations p. 
Some of the most impressive studies on p53-MDM2 correlations. 
*= OS after surgery; **= 335 controls; ***= 1090 control population; ****= 33 premalignant lesion and 30 control normal oral tissues. 
OS = overall survival; NACT = neoadjuvant chemotherapy; OR = odd ratio; RR = response rate; CR = complete response. 
IHC = immuhistochemical; NR = nonresponse;. 
3y = 3 year; p53+ = p53 mutated; p53 codon 72 = mutation in codon 72. 
72R = arginine at codon 72 of p53. 
72P = proline at codon 72 of p53. 
p73?/p53+ = non-p73-inactivating p53 mutations. p73+/p53+ = p73-inactivative and p53 mutations. 
Transfections EGF HRG. 
Values represent mean ± SEM of multiple independent experiments as indicated (n). 
Transfections EGF stimulation HRG stimulation. 
Values represent mean ± SEM of multiple independent experiments as indicated (n). 
PAC1 isoforms Specie Sequence alterations Binding properties Signaling consequences Reference     AC activation (Gs) cAMP production PLC stimulation (Gq) IP3 turnover Ca2+ mobilization from intracellular and extracellular stores . 
Biochemical properties of PAC1 splice variants . 
*Information relating to biochemical properties obtained in specific vertebrate species are marked by the asterisk symbol . 
Ligand Nrp1 Nrp2 References. 
the ligand binds to neuropilin; R, receptor; PlGF-2, placenta growth factor 2; for other abbreviations see the legend to Figure 1 . 
Nrp1 did not to alter the response of HUVEC to FGF-2 [ 64 ]. 
Antagonist Key Reference(s) Experimental Evidence. 
COPD Smokers Non-smokers. 
Data presented as mean (SD). Forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1), Forced vital capacity (FVC), smoking history is pack years, inhaled corticosteroid (ICS), not applicable (na). 
Maximum % Inhibition IC50 (nM) EC50 (nM)  NS S COPD p [A] NS S COPD NS S COPD. 
The mean (SD) percentage inhibition at 100 nM (maximal inhibition). One-way ANOVA were performed between patient groups (p values in column [A]) and between cytokines (p value in row [B]). IC50 (concentration required to inhibit LPS effect by 50%) and EC50 values (concentration required to elicit 50% of the maximal effect) of 17-BMP for each cytokine are shown. COPD (n?=?25), S (n?=?11) and NS (n?=?8). 
Cell Line Glu O2 mtDNA. 
The rates of glucose uptake and oxygen consumption are shown in nmol/min/106 cells, while the mitochondrial DNA level (mtDNA) is shown as the ratio of threshold cycle number of mitochondrial DNA vs. nuclear DNA, measured by real-time PCR. 
Me01 Me02 Me04 Me05 Me08 Me12. 
Abbreviations: SNVs, single nucleotide variants; HQ-SNVs, high-quality single nucleotide variants. 
COSMIC genes Cell line Mutated Deleted. 
In the column “mutated”, we listed COSMIC genes for which we found mutation on the same genomic position as reported in COSMIC database (v58). In the column “deleted”, we listed COSMIC genes for which we confirmed deletion spanning the entire gene locus. Genes recurrent in at least two samples are underlined. 
truncating mutation (stop codon);. 
homozygous mutation (AF?=?1);. 
homozygous deletion (two-copy loss). 
Me01 Me02 Me04 Me05 Me08 Me12 NS/S. 
truncating mutation (stop codon);. 
double-mutated in the same sample;. 
homozygous mutation (AF?=?1);. 
mutation of one allele together with one-copy deletion of the other one. Genes mutated in at least two samples are underlined. NS/S represents the non-synonymous to synonymous mutation count calculated for the whole molecular pathway or function class. 
Gene symbol No. of mutated samples (Sample name) No. of NS mutations GO Cellular component GO Biologicalprocess Previous reports in cancer [PubMed ID]. 
Literature is indicated by PubMed ID code (PMID). References in italics concern other members of the same gene family involved in cancer and here reported to support a potential interest for the listed mutated genes. 
Abbreviations: NS, non-synonymous; GO, Gene Ontology; ALL, acute lymphoblastic leukemia; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer. 
Name Relevant genotype Source/Reference. 
The single kanMX deletion mutants in the BY4741 background that were generated in the context of the Saccharomyces Genome Deletion Project are not listed here. 
reaction system B[ a ]P-7,8-dione-dGuo B[ a ]P-7,8-dione-dAde. 
Pathway Oocyte Specific Blastocyst Specific Oocyte and Blastocyst. 
Listed entries represent transcripts and their respective NCBI accession numbers that were significantly expressed (P<0.05; q?0.22) in the appropriate sample(s). “-“ denotes no significantly expressed components were detected in the pathway. 
Pathway Oocyte 1 & 2 Oocyte 3 Blastocyst 1 & 2 Blastocyst 3. 
Listed entries represent transcripts and their respective NCBI accession numbers common to oocyte 1 and 2 relative to oocyte 3 and blastocyst 1 and 2 relative to blastocyst 3. “?” denotes no significantly expressed components were detected in the pathway. 
Accession No. Gene Symbol Gene Title Fold Change. 
All expression changes in Table 1 have FDR-adjusted p-values less than 0.11. Expression is given as fold change in lactating maternal LS relative to virgin; numbers greater than 1.0 indicate increases in maternal mice. 
Accession No. Gene Symbol Gene Title Fold Change (vs.pups removed) Fold Change(vs. virgin). 
The genes in Table 2 have FDR-adjusted p-values for each individual comparison under 0.25. Expression is given as fold change in lactating maternal LS relative to pups removed or virgin groups. 
Name Dose, concentration, affinity Model, species References. 
EP4 receptor-selective agonists. 
Name Dose, concentration, affinity Model, species References. 
EP2/EP4 receptor agonists. 
Name Dose, concentration, affinity Model, species References. 
EP4 receptor-selective antagonists. 
PDB Code Structure determination Ligand ligand MW (g/mol) Refs. 
For the structure determination by NMR using docking (structures 1YSG and 2O2M), the protein were held fixed with the exception of those residues involved in the binding groove (E96-L112, V127-A142, F191-L194). Peptide sequences are indicated in parenthesis. 
Ingredient Control Green tea Se Se + green tea. 
The experimental diets consisted of a modified AIN-76A diet achieved by adding 19% sunflower oil and 20% protein. 
Milk protein was used as source of protein for control diet and green tea diet. 
Se-enriched milk protein was used as source of protein and Se for Se diet and the combination diet. 
No Se was included in mineral mix in the diets. 
Experimental diets Green tea or Se in diet Total ACF / per rat # (mean ± SEM) Small ACF / per rat † (mean ± SEM) Large ACF / per rat ‡ (mean ± SEM). 
AOM, azoxymethane; Se, selenium; ACF, aberrant crypt foci; SEM, standard errors of mean. 
ACF study was undertaken by feeding rats with 4 experimental diets (15 rats per group), containing either control diet, green tea diet, Se diet and the combination diet. Animals received two weekly AOM (15 mg/kg) injections to induce ACF and were killed 8 wk later. 
Total number of ACF was calculated as the sum of the small and large ACF. 
Small ACF (Crypt multiplicity) was classified by the number of crypts per focus (1–3). 
Large ACF (Crypt multiplicity) was classified by the number of crypts per focus (?4). 
Values with different superscripts (a, b, c) in each column were statistically different ( P <0.05). 
Tumor incidence Tumor multiplicity Tumor size Experimental diet No. rats Rats with tumors (%) % of inhibition Rats with adenoma.(%) % of inhibition Rats with Adenocarci-noma#.(%) % of inhibition Tumors / rat (Mean ± SEM) % of inhibition Tumor / rat (Mean ± SEM) % of inhibition. 
AOM, azoxymethane; Se, selenium; SEM, standard errors of mean. 
Tumor study was undertaken by feeding animals with 4 different diets (25 rats per group), containing either control diet, green tea diet, Se diet and the combination diet. Animals received two weekly AOM (15 mg/kg) injections to induce tumor formation and killed 30 wk later. 
No statistical analysis undertaken for adenocarcinomas due to the small numbers. 
Values with different superscripts (a, b, c) in each column were statistically different ( P <0.05). 
Treatment Experiment Experiment 1-5 1 2 3 4 5 AVG of [ [ 1 ] ] -[ [ 2 ] ] (±SD). 
GSK-3? dephosphorylation. 
RKO cells were treated with TQ, PI3K inhibitor or with a combination of both substances for 2 h or 4 h to test for syngergistic or additive effects on the dephosphorylation of GSK-3?. 5 different Western blots were performed and the relative ratios of p-GSK-3? and total GSK-3? protein levels were calculated using the program Image J. Mathematically, when effects are measured as proportions, the additive effect of two substances is the multiplication of the two values resulting from the single treatments. The mathematical product of both treatments is only minimally deviating from the actual values for the double treatment resulting from the Western blots. The null-hypothesis of no mean difference cannot be rejected at either time point (T-test, p-value *0.56 (2 h) and **0.34 (4 h)). While this result is in itself no proof of additivity, a closer inspection of the calculated differences shows that the assumption of additivity is indeed reasonable: In experiments 1, 3 and 5 the differences are very close to zero. Experiments 2 and 5 show stronger deviations, however in opposite directions and the resulting mean differences are close to zero for both time points. 
Process or component Invadopodia Neurites Pollen tubes and root hairs. 
Comparison of cell invasivity mechanisms in model cell types. 
Ca2+-dependent effectors Organelles participating in the fusion event Molecular details of their role References. 
Ca2+-Dependent Effectors Involved in the Fusions Between Lysosomes, Autophagosomes and/or Endosomes. 
Drug (clinical trial sponsor) Drug activity Expected effect Reference. 
Expected effects of drugs in clinical trials for FXS on APP, A?, and/or BACE-1. 
Study reference Phase Number of patients Therapy Patient population Response. 
Clinical trials of erlotinib in ovarian cancer. 
Abbreviations: RR, response rate; CR, complete response; PR, partial response; AUC, area under the curve; HER1, human epidermal growth factor receptor type 1; EGFR, epidermal growth-factor receptor; q, every. 
Urothelium (%) UCIS (%) CIN (%). 
1O2G(%) 2O2G(%) 3+O2G(%). 
Categories of hereditary colorectal cancer ? FAP AFAP HNPCC/Lynch Juvenile polyposis Peutz-Jeghers Cowden syndrome. 
Proposed categories of hereditary colorectal cancer syndromes for which genetic testing is possible. 
*Adenomatous polyposis Coli. 
**Autosomal dominant. 
***Autosomal recessive. 
Accession number Gene Hybridization Sequence (5? to 3?) Size (bp). 
Accession number, gene symbol, and primer sequences of target genes. Underlined are exon-exon junctions. 
Item Treatment P value Control CLA SEM. 
Effect of trans -10, cis -12-CLA diet on milk production, milk lipid content, milk fatty acid profile, liver weight, and liver fatty acid profile. 
?1Not significant. 
2Fatty acid methyl esters. 
3Monounsaturated fatty acids. 
4Not detected. 
Canonical pathways ?log ( P value) Downregulated1 Upregulated1. 
Top canonical pathways (FDR = 0.2, P < 0.001, and fold change >1.5) from IPA analysis of DEG in mammary tissue of lactating mice fed trans -10, cis -12-CLA. 
?1Fisher's exact test was used to calculate a P value determining the probability that the association between the genes in the dataset and the canonical pathway is explained by chance alone. 
Symbol Name CLA versus control P value. 
Fold change in expression among the most up- and downregulated DEG in mammary tissue of lactating mice fed trans -10, cis -12-CLA. 
Gene Description CLA versus control ? Microarray RT-qPCR P value1. 
Verification of selected genes in mammary tissue with RT-qPCR. 
?1RT-qPCR data. 
ID Name Source P value Term in query Term in genome. 
Top terms associated with the “mouse phenotype” and “disease” functions in the liver of mice fed trans -10, cis -12-CLA using the ToppGene suite application. 
ID Name Source P value Term in Query Term in Genome. 
Top pathways affected in the liver of mice fed trans -10, cis -12-CLA determined by gene enrichment analysis using the ToppGene suite application. 
GO category P value Term in query Term in genome. 
Top terms associated with GO functions in the liver of mice fed trans -10, cis -12-CLA using the ToppGene suite application. 
Gene  Primer sequences Products. 
CON 2-week after TAC 4-week after TAC   TAC TAC+IMD TAC TAC+IMD. 
LVSd, left ventricle (LV) end systolic diameter; LVIDd, LV internal dimension in diastole; LVPWd, LV posterior wall dimension; LVIDs, LV internal dimension in systole; EDV, End-diastolic volume; ESV, end-systolic volume; EF(Teich)%, ejection fraction calculated by using the Teichholz method; FS%, Left ventricular fractional shortening %; SV(Teich), stroke volume calculated by using the Teichholz method. CON, control; TAC and TAC+IMD mean mice received transverse aortic constriction treatment without and with IMD treatment, respectively. 
P<0.05 and **P<0.01 vs the control;. 
P<0.05,. 
P<0.01 vs TAC alone 2 weeks group;. 
P<0.05,. 
p<0.01 vs TAC alone 4 weeks group. TAC, transverse aortic constriction; IMD, intermedin. 
CON TAC TAC+IMD. 
LVP, left ventricle (LV) pressure; LVESP, LV end-systolic pressure; LVEDP, LV end-diastolic pressure; dP/dtmax, maximal value of the first derivative of LV pressure; dP/dtmin, minimal value of the first derivative of LV pressure; ESV, end-systolic volume; EDV, End-diastolic volume; SV, stroke volume; CO, cardiac output; EF, ejection fraction; AE, arterial elastance; SW, stroke work. CON, control; TAC and TAC+IMD mean mice received transverse aortic constriction treatment without and with IMD treatment for 4 weeks, respectively. 
P<0.05 and **P<0.01 vs the control;. 
P<0.05,. 
P<0.01 vs TAC alone 4 weeks group. TAC, transverse aortic constriction; IMD, intermedin. 
Treatment agents Reference Evaluable patients Responses n (%) SD, n (%) TTP, (mos.) OS, (mos.). 
Summary of selected epigenetic clinical trials in lung cancer . 
5-aza, 5-azacytidine; N/R, not reported; OS, overall survival; SD, stable disease; TTP, time to progression. 
Agent Classification Target Stage Trial identifier. 
Molecular targeted agents used for clinical trials in HCC. *. 
Note:. 
Information gathered from ClinicalTrials.gov and references. 98 , 123 , 124. 
Target Agent Reference Response activity Clinicaltrial.gov identifier. 
Agents tested by the PPTP with high (H) and intermediate (I) activities in osteosarcoma xenografts and corresponding clinical trials that include pediatric patients with osteosarcoma . 
I, intermediate activity; H, high activity . 
Target Agent Reference Response activity Clinicaltrial.gov identifier. 
Agents tested by the PPTP with low activity (L) in osteosarcoma xenografts and corresponding clinical trials that include pediatric patients with osteosarcoma . 
L, low activity . 
Molecular characteristic Frequency Cellular effect. 
Model Technique Advantages Limitations. 
In vivo . models of melanoma brain metastasis . 
Genotypings* Control ESCC GCA n (%) n (%) P OR (95%CI) n (%) P OR (95%CI). 
The genotypings of A133S in RASSF1A gene on ESCC and GCA patients and normal controls. 
*: Ala/Ala: homozygous for wild-type codon 133, Ala/Ser: heterozygote for codon 133, Ser/Ser: homozygous for codon A133S. 
Tissues # N Methylated Unmethylated P OR (95%CI) n (%) n (%). 
The profiles of RASSF1A promoter hypermethylation in ESCC and GCA tissues and in normal tissues adjacent to the corresponding ESCC and GCA. 
#: ESCC: esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, ENOR: esophageal normal epithelial tissue, GCA: gastric cardia adenocarcinoma, GNOR: gastric cardia normal epithelial tissue. 
Classification ESCC (n=143) GCA (n=92) N Methylated Unmethylated P OR (95%CI) N Methylated Unmethylated P OR (95%CI) n (%) n (%) n (%)       n (%) n (%) n (%)      . 
Distribution of RASSF1A promoter methylation by clinicopathological classifications and protein expression in ESCC and GCA tissues. 
? : Histopathologically, the gross pathologic types were different for ESCC and GCA, in ESCC, 1: medullary; 2: fungating; 3: ulcerating; 4: constriction & intraluminal; in GCA, 1: protruding; 2: ulcerating; 3: infiltrating. 
?: Not detected. 
Tissues N Postive Negative P OR (95%CI)     n (%) n (%)      . 
RASSF1A protein expression in ESCC and GCA tissues and in normal tissues adjacent to the corresponding ESCC and GCA. 
#: ESCC: esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, ENOR: esophageal normal epithelial tissue, GCA: gastric cardia adenocarcinoma, GNOR: gastric cardia normal epithelial tissue. 
Classification ESCC (n=27) GCA (n=24) N Positive Negative P OR(95%CI) N Positive Negative P OR(95%CI) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%). 
Correlation between RASSF1A protein expression and clinicopathological parameters of ESCC and GCA patients. 
  Cell line Cell cycle analysis (% of total cells) Autophagy activity factor (AAF) (mean ± SD) Growth inhibition (%) (mean ± SD). 
Different cell lines were incubated in the presence or absence of IFNA2c (3.6 ng/mL) for 48 h. To study changes in cell cycle, cells were stained with propidium iodide (PI), and signals were measured using a Cellometer image-based cytometer. To measure autophagic signals in living cells, Cellometer image-based cytometry in combination with Cyto-ID Green dye was used. To determine inhibition of proliferation, cell numbers were counted using Cellometer image-based cytometer in combination with Trypan Blue staining. Phase populations were reported as Apoptotic, G0/G1-, S- or G2/M-phase. Data shown are averages of three individual experiments, ± SD of experimental replicates. For inhibition of proliferation, we determined two-tailed p values by using a paired t-test that compared each treatment group relative to untreated control. Statistical significance was reported as follows: *p < 0.05 (significant); **p < 0.01 (very significant); ***p < 0.001 (extremely significant); ns: p > 0.05 (not significant). 
  Growth Inhibition (%; mean ± SD). 
T98G cells were transfected for 48 h with 100 nM SignalSilenceR MTOR siRNA or SignalSilenceR control siRNA followed by IFNA2c (3.6 ng/mL) treatment for 48 h. The effect of MTOR siRNA, IFN, or their combination on growth inhibition was examined using Cellometer in combination with Trypan Blue staining. Results shown are average of three individual experiments, ± SD of experimental replicates. We determined two-tailed p values by using a paired t-test that compared each treatment group relative to untreated control. Statistical significance was reported as follows: *p < 0.05 (significant); ns: p > 0.05 (not significant). 
No a) Protein Identity b) Accesion No. b) Probability b) Est'd Z b) Sequence coverage, % Theoretical value Experimental value Matched peptides       pI Mr(kDa) pI Mr(kDa) . 
)- selected phosphoprotein spots from 2-D gels;. 
)-NCBI sequence identification numbers. 
Probability, Z-value, coverage and theoretical pI and Mr were obtained from ProFound search. The calculation of experimental pI and Mr was based on migration of proteins on 2-D gels. 
Uptake parameter Direct penetration Receptor-mediated endocytosis Macro- pinocytosis Inhibitor Final conc. Effect on rS3-PA uptake*. 
Determined by protein gel blotting. 
Components and mechanisms Cells and phenotypes References. 
Components and mechanisms Cells and phenotypes References. 
Cell type pSTAT3 modulators Effects. 
Cancer hallmarks 32 Evidence found in PAH. 
  MODEL   Y757F SOCS3 KO   Baseline* Stress (MI) Baseline Stress (TAC). 
At 3 mo. 
Both level and duration. 
† At 15 weeks, but not 8 weeks. Symbols/abbreviations: ?, no difference compared with wild type; cm, cardiac myocyte; nr, not reported; WT, wild type; ?, increase; ?, decrease. 
Treatment Fold over basal. 
Denotes p < 0.05 as compared with Ang II stimulation of JAK2 phosphorylation. Basal and stimulated astrocytes were treated with DMSO, the vehicle for the inhibitors. Data were quantified by densitometric analysis and are the results of individual experiments of 6 or more preparation of astrocytes. 
Treatment Fold over basal. 
Denotes p < 0.05 as compared with Ang II stimulation of STAT3 phosphorylation. Basal and stimulated astrocytes were treated with DMSO, the vehicle for the inhibitors. Data were quantified by densitometric analysis and are the results of individual experiments of six or more preparation of astrocytes. 
Treatment Fold over basal. 
Denotes p < 0.05 as compared with Ang II-mediated IL-6 mRNA expression. Basal and stimulated astrocytes were treated with DMSO, the vehicle for the inhibitor. Values are calculated based on individual experiments of six or more preparation of astrocytes. 
Treatment Fold Over Basal. 
* Denotes p < 0.05 as compared with Ang II-stimulated thymidine incorporation. Basal and stimulated astrocytes were treated with DMSO, the vehicle for the inhibitor. Values are calculated based on individual experiments of five or more preparation of astrocytes. 
Feature Frequency ( n , %). 
  RKIP ( n , %)   Feature Negative (<10%) Positive (?10%) P -value. 
  RKIP ( n , %)   Feature Negative (<10%) Positive (?10%) P -value. 
  HR (95% CI) P -value. 
L12 L3. 
n?=?18–20. Data were compared by unpaired Student’s t test. 
P<0.05 vs L12;. 
P<0.001 vs L12. 
Coronary perfusionpressure (mmHg) Left intraventricular developedpressure (mmHg) dP/dt (mmHg/s) Heart rate (beats/min). 
Data are represented as means ±SEM. n?=?number of hearts. 
The data was compared by two-way ANOVA and Bonferroni's test. 
(P<0.01) I/R vs. control;. 
(P<0.05) L12 vs. L3. 
Protein pdb ID Information Species. 
Rhodopsin AT1 AT2 MAS . 
Expressing the wild type or mutant PKG1?  G1 (%) G2 (%) S (%). 
functional annotation category total U D unique gene names of unique members of each category. 
For each of the 18 functional annotation categories listed, the number of genes that were downregulated (D), the number of genes that were upregulated (U), and the number of unique genes (i.e. genes that were not assigned to another functional annotation category) are shown. For each functional annotation category, the names of unique members of each category, as well as the candidate genes from that category that were tested in qRT-PCR-based validation experiments is also shown. Note that the functional categories shown are, in some cases, derived from a combination of multiple functional annotation categories from the original DAVID database analysis. 
Gene Gene name Unstimulated thymocytes Stim. CD4+ T-cells   [WT] vs. [N-ras KO] [WT] vs. [H-ras KO] [WT] vs . [N-ras KO]. 
In addition to listing the gene name and gene symbol, the last three columns of the table indicate if the gene was found to be differentially regulated in the [WT] vs . [N-ras KO] and [WT] vs . [H-ras KO] comparisons from the unstimulated thymocyte array data and/or was differentially regulated in the [WT] vs . [N-ras KO] comparison from the stimulated CD4+ T-cell array data. In the last three columns of the table: “+” indicates a F.C. >1.5, but less than 2; “++” indicates a F.C. between 2 and 5; “+++” indicates a F.C. >5; “?” indicates a F.C. <0.667, but greater than 0.5; and “??” indicates a F.C. between 0.5 and 0.2. 
F.C. p -value (T test) Genename Gene title Functional annotation categories/ proposed function Avg. ab s. expr. Med. abs. expr. 
For each of the candidate genes, the fold change (F.C.), p -value, gene name, gene title, functional annotation category/proposed function, average absolute expression values in the raw microarray data, and median absolute expression values in the raw array data are listed. 
Lu et al. dataset expO dataset    Network activity values cluster 1 cluster 2 p -value Network activity values cluster 1 cluster 2 p -value. 
k -Means clustering of breast cancer samples . 
Results of k -means-based clustering of the network module activity or expression values for all network genes from the Lu et al. ( 2008 ) and expO data sets in comparison to the clustering results based on the expression value of genes overlapping the signature gene sets of Wang et al. ( 2005 ), van’t Veer et al. ( 2002 ), Paik et al. ( 2004 ) or Rhodes et al. ( 2004 ). 
Tothill et al. dataset Anglesio et al. dataset    Network activity values cluster 1 cluster 2 p -value Network activity values cluster 1 cluster 2 p -value. 
k -Means clustering of ovarian cancer samples . 
Results of k -means-based clustering of the network module activity or expression values for all network genes from the Tothill et al. ( 2008 ) and Anglesio et al. ( 2008 ) data sets in comparison to the clustering results based on the expression value of genes overlapping the signature gene sets of Mok et al. ( 2009 ), Denkert et al. ( 2009 ), Rhodes et al. ( 2004 ), and Paik et al. ( 2004 ). 
Strain Disease onset (day 10) score Disease onset (day 13) score Number of mice with score ?3 Mean maximum score AUC (days). 
Clinical EAE parameters in WT and p66Shc?/? mice. 
Data are mean of three independent experiments ± SE. (AUC: area under the curve) values are calculated at day 20 from the immunization. 
Strain Disease onset (day 11) score Disease onset (day 13) score Survival at sacrifice Day 27 Number of mice with score ?3 Day of maximal score Mean maximum score AUC (days). 
Clinical EAE parameters in WT, Cyc-D?/?, and p66Shc/Cyc-D?/? mice. 
Data are mean three independent experiments ± SE. Values are calculated at day 20 from the immunization. 
Reshaping of the peripheral T cell repertoire in the aging host – a risk factor for autoimmunity . 
Mechanisms altering T cell receptor responsiveness with age . 
No. Sex Age SCr Proteinuria Haematuria TCh LDL TGC Ua LM SG IF EM (fibrils) DM IS. 
Clinical, biochemical, and histologic data from patients with fibrillary glomerulonephritis. 
SCr: serum creatinine at diagnosis in mg/dL; Proteinuria: urine protein at diagnosis in g/day; Haematuria: microhematuria; TCh: total cholesterol; LDL: LDL cholesterol; TGC: triglycerides; Ua: uric acid; LM: light microscopy; SG: sclerotic glomeruli; EM: electron microscopy; IF: immunofluorescence; DM: diabetes mellitus; IS: immunosuppressive treatment; MG: membranous glomerulonephritis; MP: membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis; EFG: focal and segmental glomerulosclerosis. 
Chemotherapeutic agents Treatment regimens References. 
Chemotherapeutic model for head and neck cancer. 
Drugs Treatment regimens Study phase and disease status Identifier no. 
Clinical trials of mTOR inhibitors in head and neck cancer. 
Systematic name CXC Chemokine Chemokine receptor Function RowSpanEmpty Human RowSpanEmpty Mouse. 
CXC Chemokine ligands and their receptors. 
A: angiostatic, M: metastatic, N: NK cell regulation, NT: NKT cell regulation, P: tumor progression, S: tumor suppression. 
Name Control +EGF Ratio-1 +EGF Control Ratio-2 1/Ratio-2 RowSpanEmpty Cy3 Cy5 RowSpanEmpty Cy3 Cy5 RowSpanEmpty. 
Regulation of gene expression of tumor-related genes by epidermal growth factor (EGF). 
Total RNA was extracted with TRIzol reagent (Invitrogen) from cells treated with EGF for 24?h and untreated control cells and fluorescent cDNAs were prepared separately by a single round of reverse transcription in the presence of fluorescent Cy3-deoxy UTP for EGF-treated cells and Cy5-deoxy UTP for untreated ones. Cy3-deoxy UTP- and Cy5-deoxy UTP-labeled cDNAs were mixed and hybridized with IntelliGene Human Cytokine CHIP Ver. 3.0 (TAKARA). cDNA microarray analysis was performed according to the manufacturer's protocol. The same experiment was repeated by reversing the labels, that is, using Cy5-deoxy UTP for EGF-treated cells and Cy3-deoxy UTP for the untreated ones. The hybridized chips were analyzed by ScanArray 4000 (Perkin-Elmer, Wellesley, MA, USA). MMP1: matrix metalloproteinase-1, TIMP3: tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase 3, IGFBP3: insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3. 
KEGG pathway Analysis adj P Statistic Expected Std . dev. 
Globaltest results. 
The top five significant pathways with aberrant expression in both osteosarcoma cell lines versus osteoblasts (OScellvsOB) and osteosarcoma cell lines versus mesenchymal stem cells (OScellvsMSC). adjP: FDR-adjusted p-value, Statistic: test statistic of the globaltest, Expected: expected test statistic of the globaltest, Std.dev: standard deviation under the null hypothesis. 
Variable  No. Rac1 expression  p Cdc42 expression  p    Positive (%) Negative (%)   Positive (%) Negative (%)  . 
The Fisher's exact test was used for statistical analyses. P values <0.05 were considered statistically significant. 
The Pearson's chi square test was used for statistical analyses. 
Variable Rac1 expression p a Cdc42 expression p a  Correlation coefficient ( r s )  Correlation coefficient ( r s ) . 
The Spearman correlation test was used for statistical analyses. P values <0.05 were considered statistically significant. 
Variable No. Rac1 Expression p a  Cdc42 Expression  p a   Positive (%) Negative (%)   Positive (%) Negative (%)  . 
The Spearman correlation test was used for statistical analyses. P values <0.05 were considered statistically significant. 
Correlation coefficient ( r s )?=??.406. 
r s ?=?.268. 
r s ?=??.263. 
r s ?=?.224. 
Classification Compound (Company) Origin Target Patient population  Development stage References. 
Hedgehog pathway inhibitors in preclinical studies and current clinical trials. 
CNS, central nervous system; GLI, Glioma-associated oncoprotein; HH, Hedgehog; SMO, Smoothened. 
n = 102 %. 
Patient characteristics. 
Cyclin D1 - n (%) Cyclin D1 + n (%) P- value Cdk4 - n (%) Cdk4 + n (%) P- value P16 - n (%) p16 + n (%) P- value. 
Cyclin D1, CDK4 and p16 expression in breast cancer in relation to clinicopathological variables. 
* P < 0.05, ** P < 0.01, *** P < 0.001. 
Categorization Test set ( n a = 112) % Validation set ( n a = 138) % P valueb. 
Clinicopathologic parameters of patients with breast cancer in the test and validation sets. 
aOnly female patients with primary, unilateral, invasive breast cancer were included. bFisher Exact test at a two-sided significance level of 0.05. cAccording to TNM classification by Sobin and Wittekind [ 41 ]. dAccording to Bloom and Richardson, as modified by Elston and Ellis [ 42 ]. eIRS, immunoreactive score according to Remmele and Stegner [ 43 ]. fOverexpression for the HER2/neu gene was diagnosed analogous to the threshold of the DAKO-Score system based on IHC assay. Percentages may not sum to 100% because of rounding. 
Sensitivity in breast cancer serum Sensitivity in breast cancer tissue. 
Detection of aberrant gene promoter methylation in paired samples (serum and tumor) in the test set. 
aEither gene methylated. 
Sensitivity in breast cancer Specificity in healthy controls Specificity in benign breast diseases. 
Sensitivity and specificity of serum-based detection of aberrantly methylated genes in the test set. 
aEither gene methylated. n.d., not done. 
Specificity in colon cancer    Test set Validation set. 
Additional specificity testing of aberrantly methylated genes in colon cancer in the test and validation sets. 
aEither gene methylated. n.d., not done. 
Sensitivity in breast cancer Specificity in healthy and benign breast disease controls P valueb AUC (95% CI) PPV NPV      Genea Methylation positive % Methylation negative %   % %. 
Sensitivity and specificity of breast cancer detection with different marker combinations. 
aEither gene methylated. bFisher Exact test at a two-sided significance level of 0.05. AUC, area under the curve; CI, confidence interval; NPV, negative predictive value; PPV, positive predictive value. 
Approved symbol Approved name Activity Location Synonym. 
Approved Hugo gene nomenclature of the BCL2 family. 
Term Counta Percentageb P value Benjamini adjusted P value. 
KEGG enrichment analysis of 38?SCLC shortest path genes. 
aThe number of genes belonging to a certain pathway. 
bThe percentage of genes belonging to a certain pathway accounts for all the genes undergoing KEGG pathway analysis. 
Gene set Number of candidate genes Overlap with 742 cancer genes P value. 
Overlap between candidate genes and cancer-related genes. 
P value was calculated with the hypergeometric test assuming the total number of protein-coding genes was 20000. 
Gene set Number of candidate genes Overlap with 742 cancer genes P value. 
Comparing the overlap between candidate genes with cancer-related genes. 
P value was calculated with Fisher's exact test. 
? 742 cancer genes. 
The functional similarity between identified lung cancer genes and 742 cancer genes. 
*Pearson correlation coefficient of functional profiles. 
Gene Description Fold change by KEAP1 knockdown ( KEAP1 knockdown/sc control). 
Increased genes by genetic activation of NRF2 in human colon carcinoma HT29 cells. 
Values are means from three experiments. Genes that were increased less than 1.5-fold cut off are denoted by a dash (—). 
No. Compound Total pmole/gm n?=?10 No. Compound Total pmole/gm n?=?10. 
Ten healthy breast tissue samples were analyzed at least 2 times. The data obtained from UPLC-MS/MS were processed and normalized to pmole/gm of tissue. 
Since the E1 and E2 forms are inter convertible, the total amount for each E1 plus E2 derivative in the various categories are presented in the last column. 
All 4-OHE1(E2) conjugates are pooled together. 
All 2-OHE1(E2) conjugates are pooled together. 
nd – Not detected. 
Ensembl protein ID Gene symbol Betweenness. 
Directly interact with HIV proteins. 
Drugbank ID Drug name STITCH ID Target gene. 
13-MTD (µg/ml) Incubation time  12 h 24 h 48 h  Jurkat cells Jurkat cells Jurkat cells Hut78 cells EL4 cells. 
13-MTD: 13-Methyltetradecanoic acid. Each value represents the mean ± SD of three independent experiments. 
P >0.05,. 
P <0.01,. 
P >0.01 compared with the solvent control group. 
miRNAs Change Target mRNAs Biological process targeted. 
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) change in response to Helicobacter pylori. 
?: miRNA is downregulated in response to H. pylori ; ?: miRNA is upregulated in response to H. pylori ; Bold indicates miRNA changes in the same way in gastric cancer. 
Claudin Function Tissue specificity Involvement in disease. 
Claudin-1, -3, -4, -5 and -7 expression and function in normal tissues. 
Tumor type Claudin gene Expression compared to normal tissues References. 
Claudin expression in gynecologic cancer. 
Gene name Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Sequences of primers used for RT-PCR. 
? Item Geniposide Baicalin Palmatine Berberine Baicalein Wogonin. 
Identification and quantitative analysis of useful components from Hwangryunhaedok-tang. 
aunit: ? g; loading amount = 1?mg of sample. 
Cell Line Hours Percent of G1 cells (SD) * Percent of S cells (SD) * Percent of G2 cells (SD) *. 
Results are pooled from two independent experiments. 
p-value is calculated by T-test. 
Cell Line Percent of BrdU+ cells SD p-value *. 
Results are from three independent experiments. 
p-value is calculated by T-test. 
Cell Line Group N Observed Phenotype (%) p-value *   Binucleated Non-binucleated . 
Results are pooled from three independent experiments. 
p-value is calculated by Chi-square test. 
Animal production Ellagitannin source Metabolites References. 
Production of urolithins as ellagitannin metabolites in different animals and humans. 
Uro A (urolithin A); Uro B (urolithin B); Uro C (urolithin C); Uro D (urolithin D); Isouro A (isourolithin A); Uro M-5 (urolithin M-5); Uro M-6 (urolithin M-6); and Uro M-7 (urolithin M-7). *Tomás-Barberán et al., unpublished results. 
Test compound Activity Test model Dose/duration Effect Ref. 
Biological effects of urolithins assayed on human cell lines. 
Caco-2: human colon carcinoma cell line; CCD18-Co: human colon fibroblast cell line; CYP1A1: cytochrome P450, family 1, member A1; CYP1B1: cytochrome P450, family 1, member B1; DCFH-DA: 2?,7?-dichlorodihydrofluorescein diacetate; DMNQ: 2,3-dimethoxy-1,4-naphthoquinone; EROD: ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase assay; HAOEC: human aortic endothelial cell line; HEK T293: human embryonic kidney cell line; HL-60: promyelocytic leukaemia cells; HT-29 human colon carcinoma cell line; MCF-7: human breast cancer cell line; PGE2: prostaglandin E2; PMA: phorbol 12-myristate-13-acetate; SK-N-MC: human neuroblastoma cells; THP-1: human acute monocytic leukaemia cell line; UA: urolithin A; UAG: urolithin A glucuronide; UB: urolithin B; UBG: urolithin B glucuronide; UC: urolithin C; UD: urolithin D; 22Rv1: human prostate carcinoma cell line. 
Experimental protocols Inflammatory stimulus Treatment Cbl dose Time of Cbl treatment. 
Protocol for cobalamin treatment of LPS-induced endotoxaemia. 
Assay code Gene and accession number of detected transcripts. 
Treatments NF- ? B reporter assay (fold increase over basal) 1?h 24?h. 
Effects of the naturally occurring endogenous cobalamins in the NF- ? B gene reporter assay. 
Gene Organ LPS LPS + HOCbl P value (versus LPS). 
Effects of HOCbl on pro-inflammatory cytokine gene expression, at 24?h following LPS-induced endotoxaemia. 
Mice were treated with HOCbl at the low dose protocol (0.2?mg/kg i.p. at ?1?h, +1?h, +2?h, +6?h, and +22?h) and compared to LPS only (0.1?mg/kg i.p. at time 0?h). Twenty-four hours after LPS stimulation, organs (liver and lung) were harvested and processed for assessment of IL-1 ? , TNF- ? , gene expression by real-time PCR, using GAPDH and RPL32 as internal standards. Values are a mean ± SEM of triplicate observations. *denotes statistical significance for P < 0.05. 
Index rank hsa-miR Agilent Exiqon Illumina Adj. p-value RT-qPCR. 
Top concordant regulated miRNAs across different platforms. 
Rankprod analysis identified 8 miRNAs that were found to be concordantly up-regulated in both microarray platforms (Agilent, Exiqon) and by small RNA-seq sequencing (Illumina). The table shows fold changes for each platform and corresponding Rankprod adjusted p-values. Additionally, these miRNAs were validated by RT-qPCR, with relative expression fold changes provided in the last column. 
Diseases and disorders    . 
Ingenuity pathways analysis. 
List of Ingenuity Networks and Biological Functions from predicted targets of miRNA differentially expressed during EGF treatment. 
Gene Primer sequences (5’-3’). 
RT-qPCR primers used in the present study. 
  Candidate SNPs Final Model SNPs % dEBV variance (1) Permutation R 2(2). 
Number of candidate and final SNPs selected through the Common SNP and Highest 1% SNP strategies. 
1 dEBV deregressed estimated breeding value variance explained by the final fitting of SNPs. The % dEBV variance is the model R2 from the final analysis which fits all SNPs as fixed effects into a regression analysis. 
2 Permutation R2: average values and standard deviations for R2 from 1,000 permutation tests. 
dbSNP 1 Chr 2 Position % dEBV 3 Genes 4 in?±?250Kb Fat-related QTL 5 QTL reference. 
Summary of information available for the Highest 1% SNPs selected by the stepwise regression. 
1 Reference SNP cluster report. 
2 Chromosome in B. taurus . 
3 % dEBV variance is the model R2 for each of the SNPs in the final analysis which fits all SNPs as fixed effects into a regression analysis. 
4 Gene symbol. 
5 SF subcutaneous fat, FT12R fat thickness at the 12th rib, IF intramuscular fat, FT fat thickness, MS marbling score, OAC oleic acid content, PAC palmitoleic acid content. 
Global Pathway Subpathway Pathway Gene SNP. 
Summary of pathway description from the KEGG Pathway Database. 
HPRD LMGs HMGs Rank sum test  Mean Std Mean Std Mean Std p-values. 
HPRD LMG network H0 network H1 network  Mean Mean p-value Mean p-value Mean p-value. 
GO code GO term description Appearances P-value   LMGs HMGs . 
P values were calculated by using the chi-square statistic. Only top 15 terms significant at the 0.05 level are presented. Parenthesized markings stand for the three major sub-ontologies comprising GO: CC for “cellular component,” BP for “biological process,” and MF for “molecular function”. 
Gene Fold change (Teschendorff et al ., 2006) Fold change (Doane et al ., 2006). 
Fold changes of top ranking molecular apocrine-signature genes in two studies. 
N/A: not applicable. 
Tx Gene MDA-CI-2 MDA-FLU MDA-FLU-CI MDA-CI-10 HCC-CI-2 HCC-FLU HCC-FLU-CI HCC-CI-10. 
Fold changes of molecular apocrine-signature genes following treatment with AR and MEK inhibitors. 
* The average fold change to control for three biological replicate experiments is shown for each treatment group. Tx, treatment group; MDA, MDA-MB-453 and HCC, HCC-1954. FLU, flutamide at 25 µM and 40 µM concentrations for MDA-MB-453 and HCC-1954, respectively. CI-2, CI-1040 at 2 µM and CI-10: CI-1040 at 10 µM. Standard deviation of the fold changes: <0.05. 
Endocrine therapeutic Mechanism Examples. 
Overview of endocrine therapeutics and their mechanisms of action. 
Influencing factor Mechanism Examples. 
Mechanisms of endocrine resistance. 
AIB1, amplified in breast 1; AP1, activator protein 1; CYP450, cytochrome p450; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ER, estrogen receptor; FGFR, fibroblast growth factor receptor; FKBPL, FK506-binding protein like; HSP90, heat shock protein 90; IGF1-R, insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; NCOR1, co-repressor of estrogen receptor; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase. 
Class of NF?B inhibitor Examples. 
Overview of NF?B-inhibiting drugs and their mechanism of action. 
I?B, inhibitor of NF?B. 
Finding Frequency (%) Gene TC group Cyclin D dysregulation Sequence of event Specific manifestations Prognosis in MM Present in other diseases. 
Genetic findings in MM; correlations with disease manifestations and prognosis. 
Abbreviations: NHL, non-Hodgkin lymphomas; PCL, plasma cell leukemia; MGUS, monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance; MCL, mantle cell leukemia; B-PLL, B-prolymphocytic leukemia; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; B-ALL, B-acute lymphoblastic leukemia; FL, follicular lymphoma; MW, Waldenstrom’s macroglobulinemia; LPL, lymphoblasmacytic lymphoma; MZL, marginal zone lymphoma; SMZL, splenic margional zone lymphoma. 
Cause Examples. 
Major causes of chronic kidney disease. 
No. of subjects Patients studied Observation Reference. 
MHY9 gene mutations in end stage renal disease. 
Abbreviations: T2DM, type 2 diabetes mellitus; ESRD, end-stage renal disesase; FSGS, focal segmental glomerulosclerosis. 
Risk group Maximal tumor diameter Mitotic count/50 hpf. 
Classifications for risk assessment after curative surgery. Consensus approach published by Fletcher et al in 2002 23. 
Risk roup Maximal tumor diameter Mitotic count/50 hpf a Estimated rate of relapse according to GIST location  Gastric Jejuno ileal Duodenal Rectal. 
Classification with GIST location proposed by Miettinen and Lasota in 2006 24. 
Notes:. 
The mitotic count was made in a 5 mm2 surface, which corresponds to 20–25 fields at ×400 magnification with recent microscopes;. 
Subgroups with insufficient number of patients to estimate the rate of relapse risk. 
Abbreviations: GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumors; hpf, high-power fields. 
Activating mutations Frequency at diagnosis 5 , 6 Predictive value for imatinib a Secondary mutations of imatinib resistance 90 , 93 – 97 Predictive value for sunitinib b. 
Activating KIT or PDFGRA mutations and therapeutic implications. 
Notes:. 
Percent of disease control rate; +: in vitro sensitivity, described as response, and not reported as secondary mutations; ±: described response cases, in vitro sensitivity, but also as secondary mutations; 66 , 86. 
According to primary or secondary mutations; percent of disease control rate; +: sensitive; ?: resistant. 96 , 102. 
Germline mutations No. of relatives with GISTs a GIST location Particular clinical features Imatinib response b. 
Germline mutations and clinical features. 
Notes:. 
Confirmed or suspected by medical record or death certificate. 
In all cases in patients with advanced GIST. 
Not described. 
Abbreviations: GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumors; O, esophagi; G, gastric; SI, small intestine; C, colon; R, rectum; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease. 
High-penetrance Moderate-penetrance Low-penetrance. 
Classes of genetic susceptibility and comparison of their different features. 
Gene name Accession no./ref. Primer sequence (5?–3?) Amplicon size (bp) Annealing temperature (°C). 
Primers used for RT-PCR analyses to examine expression of renin–angiotensin system components in bovine embryos. 
Kinase assay Kinase Substrate IC50 value (nM) JTP-74057 PD0325901. 
Kinase assays were performed as described in the Materials and Methods. The growth inhibitory activities (IC50) of JTP-74057 and PD0325901 in HT-29 cells were measured by [3H]-TdR incorporation during the last 6 h of a 3-day culture period. The data shown are the means of three independent experiments. 
Factor Total(n=39) Non-recurrence(n=20) Recurrence(n=19). 
RT(Radiotherapy); CRT(Chemo-Radiotherapy). 
  SiHa [pmol/10e 6 cells] HeLa [pmol/10e 6 cells] HaCaT [pmol/10e 6 cells] PHKs [pmol/10e 6 cells]. 
CDV metabolism and incorporation. 
Cells were incubated for 72 h with 10 ?Ci radiolabeled CDV (final concentration of 50 ?g/ml) to asses metabolism and incorporation in cellular DNA. Data are the mean ± SD of two experiments. 
Authors Number of CRC Detection Method PIK3CA Mutation KRAS Mutation BRAF Mutation CIMP-H MSI-H MGMT Methylation MGMT Expression Proximal Colon Mucinous CRC. 
metastatic colorectal carcinoma;. 
resectable colorectal carcinoma;. 
CRC: Colorectal carcinoma;. 
CIMP-H: High levels of CpG island methylator phenotype;. 
MSI-H: High levels of microsatellite instability;. 
HRM: High resolution melting;. 
NS: Not significant (P>0.05);. 
NI: Not enough information to determine. 
Features Classes PIK3CA wild-type CRC PIK3CA mutated CRC P value * Exon 9 Mutation Exon 20 Mutation. 
P value comparing PIK3CA wild-type and PIK3CA -mutated tumors. There are 3 tumors with mutations in both exons 9 and 20. Results for exon 9 and exon 20 mutation in italic bold indicate statistical significance ( P <0.05) when compared with PIK3CA wild-type tumors. CRC: Colorectal carcinoma; TIL: Tumor infiltrating lymphocytes. 
Features PIK3CA wild-type CRC PIK3CA mutated CRC P value * Exon 9 Mutation Exon 20 Mutation. 
P value comparing PIK3CA wild-type and PIK3CA -mutated tumors. There are 3 tumors with mutations in both exons 9 and 20. #Putative Lynch syndrome was defined as tumors with one of the following characteristics: loss of expression of MSH2 and MSH6, MSH6 alone, PMS2 alone, or loss of MLH1 and PMS2 expression with wild-type BRAF and/or absence of MHL1 methylation. Results for exon 9 and exon 20 mutation in italic bold indicate statistical significance ( P <0.05) when compared with PIK3CA wild-type tumors. CRC: Colorectal carcinoma; MSI: Microsatellite instability; CIMP: CpG island methylator phenotype. 
Study GEO accession PE samples Co samples PE/Co Gest. Age (Weeks) Delivery Microarrays plataform. 
Gestational age (weeks). 
Gene EntrezGene ID GSE4707 GSE24129 GSE10588 GSE25906 GSE14722 GSE30186. 
The table shows some of the consistently up-regulated genes in the six preeclamptic placenta microarray studies analyzed. The microarrays are identified by their GEO data set accession number (GSE). (1) Indicates modified in the microarrays, (-) Indicates not-modified. * Complete consensus list of up-regulated genes in the preeclamptic placenta is provided as Table S1 . 
Gene EntrezGene ID GSE4707 GSE24129 GSE10588 GSE25906 GSE14722 GSE30186. 
The table shows some of the consistently down-regulated genes in the six preeclamptic placenta microarray studies analyzed. The microarrays are identified by their GEO data set accession number (GSE). (1) Indicates modified in the microarrays, (-) Indicates not-modified. * Complete consensus list of down-regulated genes in the preeclamptic placenta is provided as Table S2 . 
Database Functional annotation N° of genes Genes P -Value. 
Database Functional annotation N° of genes Genes P -Value. 
Pathway N° of genes Observed genes P -value. 
TFBS detection tools CREMAG (1) CREMAG (2) TELIS (2) TRAP (1) TFM-explorer (1) TFM-explorer (2) TOUCAN (2). 
TFBS with a prevalence P value ?0.05 are shown. (1) and (2) indicate that the TFBS weight matrices used for the analysis were respectively JASPAR or TRANSFAC. TFBS predicted by more than one analysis tool appear in bold. 
TFBS detection tools CREMAG (1) CREMAG (2) TELIS(2) TRAP (1) TFM-explorer (1) TFM-explorer (2) TOUCAN. 
TFBS with a prevalence P value ?0.05 are shown. (1) and (2) indicate that the TFBS weight matrices used for the analysis were respectively JASPAR or TRANSFAC. TFBS predicted by more than one analysis tool appear in bold. 
Variables Number of genes involved in each pathway Weights in the 1st component Weights in the 2nd component Weights in the 3rd component. 
Principal component analysis (PCA) of gene expression in major metabolic processes. The PCA was performed using the average expression changes of genes forming nine metapathways representing major biochemical processes. The pathway weights indicate the relative contribution of each meta-pathway to the principal components; weights with identical signs indicate correlated contributions of pathways to a component, while weights with opposite signs indicate anti-correlated contributions. The table show the PCA weights of each meta-pathway for the first three principal components. The first three principal components explain ~62%, ~16% and ~7% of variance in expression data, respectively. 
Simulation of mutants and their phenotypic effect . 
Mutants in black have a phenotype that reproduce what is reported in the literature; mutants in red have a simulated effect that differs from what is reported in the literature; and mutants in blue are predictions of our model . 
Rule References. 
The VPC cell network as a discrete dynamical system . 
Case 1 2 VPC F Muv Vul Egl Wild type Mutants. 
The simulated effect of different mutations . 
For each mutant we obtained the cellular fates that are represented by the attractors, based on this we classified the mutants, obtaining 16 cases, and for each case we deduced the most likely phenotypes. If a worm does not have first or second fate cells, then it produces a defective vulva an it is very likely to be Egl (Cases 5-12). If the worm has no first and no second fate vulval cells then it will present a Vul phenotype (Cases 1-4). A worm which has no first fate vulval cells is also likely to be Vul (Cases 6, 7, 8), because the determination of the second fate usually depends on first fate cells, unless the second fate is determined by an alternative path. If the fusion fate is active, the worm is Vul (Even cases), a Muv phenotype is expected when only the first or second fates are possible (Cases 5, 9 and 13), when the first fate is possible but the second fate is not (Cases 9-12) Muv and Egl phenotypes are expected . 
Reported effect of different mutations . 
The mutants in red were not completely reproduced by our model. In total, we found 102 relevant mutants, our model correctly reproduces the effect of 77: 15 out of 19 Vul phenotypes, 11 out of 17 Muv phenotypes, 19 out of 32 Egl phenotypes, 24 out of 26 wild types, and all 8 Biv phenotypes . 
Case 1 2 VPC F Muv Vul Egl Wild type Interactions. 
The simulated effect of removing each interaction . 
For each interaction removed, we obtained the cellular fates that are represented by the attractors, based on this we classified the interactions using the procedure described in the caption of Table A2 . 
MicroRNA Expression in cancer Function Mechanism of deregulation Targets. 
Common miRNAs altered in human cancers . 
Reference Number of samples/subtypes Method of analyses Main findings. 
miRNA profiling studies in human epithelial ovarian cancers . 
Gene Pathways Association with human diseases Mouse models References. 
Gene names, affected pathways, related human diseases, and mouse models, with references. 
Genes Sequence Cycles Length,bp. 
Normal Sham MI MI+los P. 
Data are presented as means ± SEM. P -value based on one-way ANOVA followed by a LSD test. a P < 0.008 vs. normal group; b P < 0.008 vs. sham group; c P < 0.008 vs. MI alone. MI, myocardial infarction; los, losartan. 
Exact mature/*sequences  Epi-cardium  Endo-cardium    RPMM  RPMM  miR name Fold change Mean SEM Mean SEM. 
P<0.001,. 
P<0.01, Baggerleys multiple comparison test. 
'Grouped on mature' sequences  Epi-cardium  Endo-cardium    RPMM  RPMM  miR name Fold change Mean SEM Mean SEM. 
P<0.001. 
P<0.01,. 
P<0.05 Baggerleys multiple comparison test. 
Unique sequences   Epi-cardium  Endo-cardium     RPMM  RPMM  Sequence miR name (type) Fold change Mean SEM Mean SEM. 
Overview of chordoma cell lines. 
Vaccine Vol. Strategy Trial HLA-A1 allele group HLA-A2 allele group HLA-B1 allele group HLA-B2 allele group HLA-A1 supertype HLA-A2 supertype HLA-B1 supertype HLA-B2 supertype     1A 1B 2                  . 
Volunteer HLA A and B allele groups and supertypes. 
The volunteers from whom PBMC were available and were tested are shown. Trial 1 (no CHMI): five of six volunteers immunized with Ad-CA were used (reference 7). Trial 2 (with CHMI): three of 17 volunteers immunized with Ad-CA and challenged by bite of P. falciparum -infected mosquitoes were used (Tamminga, in press). Trial 3 (with CHMI): nine of 11 volunteers immunized with Ad-C and challenged by bite of P. falciparum -infected mosquitoes were used (reference [ 8 ]). The table also identifies the ten volunteers with best available PBMC that were included in the broad screen of all 15-mer peptides from the four dominant pools (column 1A), the six volunteers used to confirm recognition of minimal epitopes predicted within positive 15-mers (column 1B) (1A+1B=strategy 1), and the six volunteers used to confirm recognition of minimal epitopes predicted within 15-mers without the initial screen (strategy 2). 
1As classified in reference [ 42 ]. 
Pool Amino acids 15mer Amino acids Sequence. 
CSP peptides used in ELISPOT and ICS assays. 
Four CSP peptide pools, Cp1, Cp2, Cp6, and Cp9 were selected as they elicited the highest responses overall in ELISpot assays with Ad-CA-immunized volunteers (see reference [ 7 ] and Figure  3 ). 
Pool Vol. Vaccine 15mer peptide AA no. Sequence Pool sfc / m 15mer sfc / m Percent of pool. 
ELISpot IFN-? activity of CSP peptide pools and individual 15-mer peptides within these pools. 
All individual 15mer peptides within the CSP peptide pools Cp1, Cp2, Cp6 and Cp9 were tested in ELISpot assay using frozen PBMC collected 28 days after Ad-CA or 19-23 days after Ad-C immunization. 15 individual 15mer peptides of the 26 15mer peptides elicited positive recall responses from at least one volunteer immunized with Ad-CA and Ad-C, and each of the ten volunteers responded positively to at least one 15mer. 
Pool 15mer Vol. Predicted epitope AA no. IC 50 nM HLA allele group HLA supertype Epitope no. 
Predicted CD8 + T cell - restricted epitopes specific for each volunteer within CSP 15mer peptides. 
The 15mer peptides that were recognized by the volunteers in the initial screen (Table  2 ) were analysed by NetMHC to predict affinity HLA binding by minimal CD8+ T cell epitopes within each 15-mer (underlined and bold). Those minimal epitopes with the strongest binding affinities for the HLA alleles of each volunteer were selected. Each minimal epitope was specific for a known HLA allele within each supertype. Two listings from Table  4 were not included here because the same minimal peptide was predicted for the same volunteer for two overlapping 15mers (v01, C12 and C13; v05, C3 and C4). Nine of these epitopes were synthesized and further screened by ELISpot with HLA-matched volunteers (see Table  5 ). 
* E17 , a 10-mer, was predicted to contain a 9mer sequence LIMVLSFLF labelled E18 (see Table  5 ). 
Vol. = volunteer; AA?=?amino acid; No. = number. 
Pool Vol. Epitope no. Epitope sequence AA no. HLA allele group HLA supertype IC 50 nM Pool sfc/m Epitope sfc/m Percent of pool. 
ELISpot IFN-? activity of CSP peptide pools and predicted 8-10mer epitopes within these pools (strategy 1 and strategy 2 ). 
This table includes all 19 epitope-specific responses that were positive among the 35 that were tested. The presence of two results in the epitope response column (second from right) indicates that two separate experiments were performed. E18 is a 9mer sequence predicted by NetMHC within E17 (Table  4 ) and was synthesized rather than E17 and tested with three volunteers immunized with Ad-CA or Ad-C. Three of the 9mer sequences that are underlined indicate additional class I-restricted sequences predicted by NetMHC contained within E1 and E14 epitopes respectively. E1 was positive with both the volunteer predicted to recognize the full sequence and the volunteer predicted to recognize two nested epitopes. E14 was positive for both the two volunteers predicted to recognize the full sequence and the one volunteer predicted to recognize the nested epitope. A single assay was performed for v69 and E3; however, E3 contains the E2 sequence that is underlined and has a different predicted restriction than E3, so both are listed. E14 contains a predicted A*23:01-restricted epitope that is underlined. 
1PBMC from 28 days after first Ad-C immunization; 2PBMC from 19 days after second Ad-C immunization; 3PBMC from 28 days after Ad-CA immunization; 4The response to the peptide pool was not done in the second assay. 
ND, Not Done. 
Vol. Pool Epitope no. Sequence HLA allele group Control depl. sfc/m CD8+ depl. sfc/m (%) * CD4+ depl. sfc/m (%) * CD8+ % ** CD4+ % **. 
ELISpot IFN - ? activity of CSP predicted epitopes after depletion of CD4 + and CD8 + T cells compared with ICS CD8 + and CD4 + T cell IFN - ? activity. 
1PBMC from one month after the first Ad-C immunization; 2PBMC from 19 days after the second Ad-C immunization; 3PBMC from 28 days after challenge following Ad-CA immunization. 
*The percent change in ELISpot activity is shown after depletion of CD4+ or CD8+ T cells. 
**The percent of CD8+ or CD4+ gated T cells expressing IFN-?. 
depl. = depletion. 
sfc/m = spot forming cells/million. 
v125 did not have sufficient PBMC to test Cp1. 
15mer peptide Epitope number Sequence AA no. 15mer ELISpot activity Epitope ELISpot activity Depl. /ICS HLA allele group HLA supertype. 
Summary of predicted and confirmed minimal CSP identified in this study epitopes. 
+ = Positive activity of the 15mer and predicted epitope in ELISpot assay, or recall of CD8+ T cells in ELISpot depletion (Depl.) assay or intracellular staining/flow cytometry (ICS) assay. (+) = Result not conclusive. 
Underlined sequences indicate NetMHC-predicted putative class I-restricted epitopes within E1, E14 and E20. 
The five epitopes with + in the Depl./ICS column are confirmed as CD8+ dependent. 
Inflammatory source Cancer Reference. 
Examples of inflammation-associated cancers. 
Database Description URL or ref. 
Basic information for main TCM databases. 
Disease Methods and experiments Formula, herbs, and components TCM pharmacology Reference. 
Summary of multi-target drugs/preparations with TCM pharmacology based on ligand-protein networks. 
Target Drug Trial Phase Primary endpoint Clinical trial identifier number (accessed on January 22, 2013) Outcome. 
Selected ongoing and recently concluded phase III trials in castration refractory prostate cancer. 
CYP17: Cytochrome P450 17 alpha-hydroxylase and C17,20-lyase; mCRPC: metastatic castration refractory prostate cancer; AR: androgen receptor; OS: overall survival; PFS: progression free survival; c-MET: hepatocyte growth factor receptor; VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Target Drug Trial Phase Primary endpoint Clinical trial identifier number. 
Selected ongoing and recently concluded phase II trials in castration refractory prostate cancer. 
CYP17: Cytochrome P450 17 alpha-hydroxylase and C17,20-lyase; mCRPC: metastatic castration refractory prostate cancer; PSA: prostate-specific antigen; AR: androgen receptor; PFS: progression free survival; OS: overall survival; mTOR: mammalian target of rapamycin; IGF-1: insulin like growth factor-1; Hsp: heat shock protein; HDAC: histone deacetylases. 
‡Primary endpoints not met. 
*Primary endpoint not met. 
**Significant toxicities, no one met the primary endpoint. 
Mice n Untreated KK 7 Untreated KK- A y 10 Treated KK- A y ?? 11. 
Biochemical profiles of KK mice and KK- A y mice. 
Data are expressed as means ± SD. 
* P < 0.01 (versus untreated KK- A y mice group), ** P < 0.05 (versus untreated KK- A y mice group). 
Oligonucleotides Sequences. 
Ionizing Radiation RAD001 Cell Line Sensitive Moderately Resistant Relatively Resistant Sensitive Moderately Sensitive Relatively Resistant. 
No correlation was noted when the RAD001 response, as reported [13] , was compared to the response to ionizing radiation. 
Characteristic Nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients (N=178) %. 
Characteristics of 178 NPC patients. 
Abbreviations NPC nasopharyngeal carcinoma, WHO World Health Organization, NKUC non-keratinizing undifferentiated carcinoma, NKDC non-keratinizing differentiated carcinoma, OS overall survival. 
Characteristics PTK6 expression P-value   Low (n = 65) (%) High (n = 113) (%)  . 
Correlation between PTK6 expression and clinicopathologic characteristics in NPC cases. 
*Statistically significant difference. 
Abbreviations NPC nasopharyngeal carcinoma, PTK6 protein tyrosine kinase 6, WHO World Health Organization, NKU C non-keratinizing undifferentiated carcinoma, NKDC non-keratinizing differentiated carcinoma. 
Variable Subset HR (95%) CI P-value. 
Univariate and multivariate Cox regression analysis of different prognostic variables in NPC patients. 
*Statistically significant difference. 
Abbreviations PTK6 protein tyrosine kinase 6, NPC nasopharyngeal carcinoma, HR hazard ratio, CI confidence interval. 
AML subtype Description. 
French-American-British AML classification. 
AML subtype Description. 
WHO AML classification. 
Type of cancer Official title Trial identifier no Estimated enrollment Purpose of the study. 
A selection of ongoing clinical trials determining metformin's effect on oncologic diseases. 
Cancerous C-kit Non-cancerous. 
Distribution of C-kit among cancerous and non-cancerous specimens. 
Feature Values. 
Clinical and histopathological characteristics of the study group. 
PTEN expression Polyp diameter ? 7 mm Polyp diameter < 7 mm Line total. 
PTEN expression in relation to polyp diameter. 
Percentage of cases within a group defined by a given polyp diameter. 
Percentage of cases within a category defined by a certain PTEN expression. 
PTEN N Diameter mean Diameter SD Diameter SE. 
Distribution of polyp diameter in groups in relation to PTEN protein expression. 
SS Freedom grades MS F p Test power ( ? = 0.05). 
Results of single factor variance analysis (ANOVA) of polyp diameter variable in groups in relation to PTEN expression. 
Number of cases Spearman R t(N-2) Test significance level. 
Analysis of PTEN expression correlation and polyp diameter by Spearman's test. 
Details of tumors No. Percentage (%). 
Histopathological types and number of mesenchymal tumors and tumor-like lesions in the bovine urinary bladder. 
Hypothesis Mechanisms Effects. 
Hypothesis, mechanism, and effects of statins in heart failure. 
Abbreviations: ATP, adenosine triphosphate; GIT, gastrointestinal tract; HF, heart failure; HMG-CoA, hydroxyl methyl glutaryl-coenzyme A. 
Study Sample Population HF in population Intervention Duration (years) Outcomes in HF subgroup Findings. 
Retrospective analyses of statin trials in various cardiovascular conditions. 
Notes: ?, no effect; ?, decrease; ?, increase. 
Abbreviations: ACS, acute coronary syndrome; CAD, coronary artery disease; CHL, cholesterol; DM, diabetes mellitus; EF, ejection fraction; MI, myocardial infarction; PVD, peripheral vascular disease; VD, vascular disease; HF, heart failure. 
Study Sample Statin Follow-up (months) Outcome Findings. 
Major non-randomized studies evaluating effect of statins in heart failure outcomes. 
Study Sample Intervention Duration (months) Outcome Findings. 
Randomized controlled trials of statins in heart failure. 
Notes: ?, No effect; ?, increase; ?, Decrease. 
Abbreviations: 6MWT, six minute walk test; A, atorvastatin; BNP, brain natriuretic peptide; CPCs, circulating progenitor cells; CV, cardiovascular; FMD, flow-mediated dilation; HRV, heart rate variability; LVEF, left ventricular ejection fraction; markers, inflammatory biomarkers; MPO, myeloperoxidase; MSNA, muscle sympathetic nerve activity; NYHA, New York Heart Association; oxLDL, oxidized low-density lipoprotein; QoL, quality of life; QTc, corrected QT interval; QTcd, corrected QT interval dispersion; R, rosuvastatin; S, simvastatin; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Cell lines n Observed data Predicted values for an additive effect Effect    Minimum Maximum . 
Classification Number of transcripts. 
Caco-2 WiDR SW480 HCT116. 
Variables Expression P value   ANKRD12 high ANKRD12 low   (n?=?34) (n?=?34). 
Clinicopathologic variables and ANKRD12 mRNA expression in 68 colorectal cancers. 
n Number of patients, * <0.05. 
  n Hazard ratio 95% CI P value. 
Univariate analysis of clinicopathological factors for overall survival. 
n Number of patients, CI confidence interval, * <0.05. 
  Hazard ratio 95% CI P value. 
Multivariate analysis of clinicopathological factors for overall survival (CRC without liver metastasis). 
CI confidence interval, * <0.05. 
Cancer Biomarkers. 
A list of cancer biomarkers. 
Pathway Polyphenol References. 
Neuroprotective signal transduction by polyphenols. 
Polyphenol Target References. 
Modulation of cytokines and inflammatory targets by polyphenols. 
Target Polyphenol Effect References. 
Modulation of mitochondrial targets by polyphenols. 
Subtype Distribution Analysis Reference. 
Ca V1 Ca 2 + channel expression in T cells . 
Rnd3 Peptide Stoichiometry ( N ) K d (?M) T?S (kcal/mol) ?H (kcal/mol) ?G (kcal/mol). 
Effect of Rnd3 Peptide Modifications on 14-3-3 Binding. 
Thermodynamic parameters for Rnd3 C-terminal peptides and 14-3-3?-binding constants are shown; mean ± SD, n = 3. Titrations of +P+F and +P-F peptides binding to 14-3-3? were carried out at 25°C. ND, not detectable; P, phosphorylation on S240; F, farnesylation; see Table S3 for peptides. 
Binding of ?P+F and ?P-F peptides to 14-3-3? was tested at 15°C and 25°C, where binding was not detected. 
Rnd3 peptide KD (nM) kon (M?1 s?1) koff (s?1) ?2 R2. 
Effect of Rnd3 Prenyl Group Length on 14-3-3 Binding. 
The affinities of differently modified C-terminal Rnd3 peptides for 14-3-3? were determined by biolayer interferometry. Data of a typical experiment (n ? 3) along with statistics of the fit (?2, R2) are listed. See Table S3 for Rnd3 peptide sequence. P, phosphorylated on S240; Ipr, isoprenylated; G, geranylated; F, farnesylated; GG: geranylgeranylated; KD, dissociation constant; kon, association rate constant; koff, dissocation rate constant; NB, no binding; N/A, not applicable. 
Determined by steady-state analysis. 
Patient Age SLEDAI dsDNA C3/C4 ESR Prot Medications. 
Patient characteristics and disease activity (SLEDAI) scores for samples analyzed by microarray. All patients were female. dsDNA indicates anti-dsDNA antibodies, reference range <50 IU/ml was Normal, >60 IU/ml was Increased; C3, normal values were 0.75–1.65 g/l, C4 normal values were 0.14–0.54 g/l, ESR, normal values were 0–20 mm/hr; Prot, Yes indicates proteinuria >500 mg/day and nd indicates data was not available. Medications: Pred,10 mg/day prednisone; HCQ, hydroxychloroquine; MTX, methotrexate; AZP, azathioprine; MM, mycophenolate mofetil. 
Gene Symbol Entrez Gene Name Location Type. 
Transcripts up-regulated in SLE CD19+ B cells, SLE CD3+ CD4+ T cells and SLE CD33+ myeloid cells as compared to the same subsets isolated from healthy subjects. For details see the supplementary tables. 
SNPs   ?660 ?601 ?528 ?524 ?522 ?468 ?444 N Freq.%. 
Time points Treatment name AvT MaT MiT Rh/100 Rhmax/100 THIavr THImax AvT-5daysBC MaT-5daysBC Rh-5daysBC/100 Rhmax-5daysBC/100 THIavr-5daysBC THImax-5daysBC. 
From: Manzanares (Ciudad Real) Meteorological Station, coordinates 654m-38° 59?47N-03° 22?23W ( http://crea.uclm.es/siar ). 
AvT?=?average temperature (°C). 
MaT?=?maximum temperature (°C). 
MiT?=?minimum temperature (°C). 
Rh/100?=?relative humidity (%)/100. 
Rhmax/100?=?maximum relative humidity (%)/100. 
THIavr?=?THI calculated with the average temperature and relative humidity. 
THImax?=?THI calculated with the maximum temperature and the maximum relative humidity. 
AvT-5daysBC?=?Average mean temperature of the five days previous to collection (°C). 
MaT-5daysBC?=?Average maximum temperature of the five days previous to collection (°C). 
Rh-5daysBC/100?=?Average relative humidity of the five days previous to collection (%)/100. 
Rhmax-5daysBC/100?=?Average maximum relative humidity of the five days previous to collection (%)/100. 
THIavr-5daysBC?=?THI calculated with the average temperature and relative humidity of the 5 days before collection. 
THImax-5daysBC?=?THI calculated with the average maximum temperature and maximum relative humidity of the 5 days before collection. 
Temperature humidity index (THI) calculated as THI?=?T°C – ((0.31–0.31RH) (T°C-14.4). T?=?temperature in °C; RH?=?relative humidity in %/100 [8] . 
Gene Forward primer (5?-3?) Reverse primer (5?-3?) Ampliconsize (bp) Efficiencies Amplicon % bases and GC content. 
treatment gene MSE within treatment MSE within gene. 
Strain Genotype Source. 
C. Gaillardin. UFR Microbiologie et Génétique Moléculaire, AgroParisTech, Centre de Biotechnologie Agro-Industrielle, Thiverval-Grignon, France. 
Gene Primer Sequence (5?to 3?) Fragment (bp) Reference. 
[30] ,. 
[7] ,. 
[29] ,. 
This study. 
Fold change (Arrays) Fold change (RT-PCR) Gene 15? 60? 180? 15? 60? 180?. 
Oral leukoplakia   No. of Patient MT(%) UT(%) p value. 
Abbreviations: MT, malignant-transformed oral leukoplakia; UT: untransformed oral leukoplakia. 
Bold indicates values that are statistically significant (p<0.05). 
Variables p value Hazard ratio 95% CI. 
CI: confidence interval. 
L–M: low and moderate-grade dysplasia, H: high-grade dysplasia. 
Bold indicates values that are statistically significant (p<0.05). 
Clinicopathologic parameters miR-338-3p expression P  low (n?=?37) high (n?=?29) . 
Virus Cancer type Protein Mechanism. 
Human viruses related to cancer: viral proteins affecting apoptosis. 
Structural proteins Functions. 
Functions of HCV viral proteins. 
Latent phase proteins Functions. 
Functions of KSHV viral proteins. 
Authors Documents (PMID) GEO number Array type Number of samples. 
Abbreviations: IBD: inflammatory bowel disease, CRC: colorectal carcinoma, UC: ulcerative colitis. 
Rank of RDSs Virtual microarray data sets Drivergenes Signalingnetworks. 
Abbreviations: IBD: inflammatory bowel disease, CRC: colorectal carcinoma. 
Name Peptide Sequences Location (PDB) Species. 
Peptide Antisera ELISA A/ A0 125I-Renin Binding (%) Control 1 2. 
ELISA proved that the anti-hR72 antisera showed the best binding with renin, while the anti-rR72 antisera showed the worst. In line with this finding, RIA showed the similar results. 
Protein Peptide Precursor m/z 1 Fragment m/z Retention Time (min) Ion Fragment Charge. 
z ?=?2 for all precursor ions. 
miRNA LAT Y136F B6 HP B6 H poly B6 memory. 
miRNAs with Nanostring counts that passed the minimum intensity filter and have fold changes relative to C57BL/6 naïve CD4+ T cells >2-fold up (?), >5-fold up (??), >2-fold down (?) or >5-fold down (??). miRNAs are ordered by rows according to expression in C57BL/6 naïve CD4+ T cells beginning with highest expression on the top. Exact values of fold changes can be found in Table S1 . LAT Y136F indicates LAT Y136F CD4+ T cells, B6 HP indicates C57BL/6 CD4+ T cells undergoing homeostatic proliferation, B6 H poly indicates C57BL/6 CD4+ T cells from H. polygyrus -infected mice and B6 memory indicates C57BL/6 CD4+ T cells that are also CD44hiCD62Llo. B6 naïve CD4+ T cells are C57BL/6 CD4+ T cells that are also CD44loCD62Lhi. 
miRNA LATY136F B6 HP B6 H poly. 
miRNAs with Nanostring counts that passed the minimum intensity filter and have fold changes relative to C57BL/6 memory CD4+ T cells >2-fold up (?), >5-fold up (??), >2-fold down (?) or >5-fold down (??). miRNAs are ordered by rows according to expression in C57BL/6 naïve CD4+ T cells beginning with highest expression on the top. Exact values of fold changes can be found in Table S2 . LAT Y136F indicates LAT Y136F CD4+ T cells, B6 HP indicates C57BL/6 CD4+ T cells undergoing homeostatic proliferation and B6 H poly indicates C57BL/6 CD4+ T cells from H. polygyrus -infected mice. B6 memory CD4+ T cells indicates C57BL/6 CD4+ T cells that are also CD44hiCD62Llo. 
miRNA LAT Y136F vs. HP LAT Y136F vs. H poly HP vs. H poly. 
miRNAs with Nanostring counts that passed the minimum intensity filter and have >2-fold differences among any two-way comparison. Arrows indicate fold changes that are >2-fold up (?), >5-fold up (??), >2-fold down (?) or >5-fold down (??). miRNAs are ordered by rows according to expression in C57BL/6 naïve CD4+ T cells beginning with highest expression on the top. Exact values of fold changes can be found in Table S4 . LAT Y136F indicates LAT Y136F CD4+ T cells, B6 HP indicates C57BL/6 CD4+ T cells undergoing homeostatic proliferation and B6 H poly indicates C57BL/6 CD4+ T cells from H. polygyrus -infected mice. 
Effect on pmirGLO-let7 Kinase inhibitors Luciferase activity. 
Five hours after transfection of pmirGLO-let7, BG-1 cells were treated with the kinase inhibitor library and luciferase activity (FL/RL) was measured 24 h later. Inhibitor drugs causing ‘Downregulated reporter activity’ (elevated let-7) were those yielding luciferase activities <0.6, while drugs causing ‘Upregulated reporter activity’ yielded luciferase activities >1.8. All other drugs were classified as having ‘No effect on reporter activity’. 
Target Company shRNA Sequence. 
Recommendations for Treg cell nomenclature . 
Reproduced from Abbas et al. ( 2013 ) . 
  SIRT3. 
Summary of SIRT3 steady-state kinetic analyses. 
Rates of activity were measured as a function of NAD+ concentration or peptide substrate concentration, as measured by fluorescence intensity; n?=?3 independent experiments (mean?±?SD). 
Phosphomotifs Sequence (N? to C?) Swiss prot ID Reported protein interactions from Pepcyber Reported and novel GRB2 interactions. 
A few novel interactions specifically the phosphorylation sites itself thus far are not reported. 
Selected Phosphomotifs showing strong interaction with GRB2 on peptide microarray Reporter Name MCF10A MCF7 T47D MDA-MB-231 Phosphoprotein-GRB2 reported Molecular classification Normalized GRB2 binding intensity . 
The hip data are normalized taking average MCF10A chip signal as reference. A correction factor is obtained by dividing the average MCF10A chip signal with the average signals of MCF7, T47D and MDA-MB231data. The values for MCF7, T47D and MDA-MB231 are adjusted using the correction factor. 
CIS-Associated Gene % of Tumors with tdCIS tdCIS P -Value library # p-value for grade 3 PNST enrichment % of Tumors with gCIS gCIS q- Value library # Prediction on gene function Neurofibroma CIS Human Homolog. 
This table is a combined list of CISs identified by the tdCIS method and the gCIS method. Twenty-two CIS were identified by both statistical analyses independently. p-values and q-values were generated as described by Sarver et al. 2012 and Brett et al. 2011. Prediction on gene function indicates if the T2/Onc insertion would cause transcriptional activation of a gene (“Drive” and “Drive N-terminal Truncation) or disrupt gene transcription (“Disrupt”) based on position and orientation of T2/Onc insertion to gene transcription. 
Pathway Gene(s) Mitotic phenotype Model Reference. 
Table summarizing the CIN-causing mitotic phenotypes observed in different cell types and/or models upon de-regulated oncogenic signaling . 
Gene Exon Forward primer sequence 5?–3? Reverse primer sequence 5?–3?. 
PCR primers used for the mutation profiling of GNAQ , GNA11 , and BAP1 . 
Study Subject ID Pedigree ID Individual Individual Individual Individual Individual Pedigree Pedigree Pedigree Pedigree Pedigree      History of cutaneous melanoma History of uveal melanoma History of blue nevi GNAQ exon 5 genotyping results GNA11 exon 5 genotyping results Number of cutaneous melanomas Number of blue nevi Number of uveal melanoma CDKN2A genotyping results CDK4 genotyping results. 
Study subject characteristics and summary of sequencing results for CDKN2A , CDK4 , and exon 5 of GNAQ and GNA11 . 
WT, wild-type . 
Exosomes Ectosomes Apoptotic bodies. 
Comparison of microvesicle types. 
Available tissues pTN Gleason score (GS)at radical prostatectomy PCa PTZ SV  . 
PCa?=?Prostate cancer; SV?=?Seminal vesicle; PTZ?=?Prostate Transition Zone. *: tissue samples added for the ROC curves construction. The pTN pathological tumor staging was determined according to UICC TNM classification 2002 (6th edition). For comparative expression studies, tissues samples for PCa, PTZ and SV were obtained from the same surgical specimens. 
Gene name Symbol Assay ID. 
Variable n %. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of the 71 patients with TGCTs. 
Histological type Syndecan-4 positive tumour cells Syndecan-4 stromal staining <10% 10–30% >30% Negative Positive. 
Syndecan-4 expression in 71 patients with testicular tumours. 
Variable Negative Positive Statistics. 
The association between syndecan-4 stromal staining and the clinicopathologic variables of 33 patients with seminoma. 
Variable Stromal staining Statistics Syndecan-4 positive tumour cells Statistics Negative Positive ?30% >30%. 
The association between syndecan-4 stromal and tumour cells staining and the clinicopathologic variables of 38 patients with NSGCTs. 
  With negative feedback Negative feedback removed. 
Logical steady states in the EGF/NRG1 example model. 
The logical variables of the input nodes were set to the specified value and, according to the logical functions (see Figure  2 B), propagated through the network. The entry * indicates that the respective steady state value could not be determined. 
Intervention goal: ERK?=?1, PI3K?=?0 Side constraints: ErbB1?=?1, ErbB2?=?1, ErbB3?=?1. 
Minimal intervention sets in the EGF/NRG1 logical model (Figure 2 B). 
Shown are the computed minimal intervention sets to activate ERK and deactivate PI3K in presence of ErbB1, ErbB2, and ErbB3 (see Figure  2 B). “1” means constitutive activation whereas “0” indicates a required deactivation. Interventions for species with fixed values (i.e., ErbB1, ErbB2, ErbB3) and the target species ERK and PI3K have not been considered. 
Study Agent Phase Trial design Pts RR (%) SD (%) 2-yr OS (%). 
Selected immunomodulator trials in advanced melanoma. 
Note:. 
Stable disease >24 weeks. 
Abbreviations: NR, not reported; NA, not applicable as additional footnotes. 
Target Agent class Phase of development. 
Selected immunomodulator targets and available drugs. 
Study Trial design Control arm Patients in BRAFi arm RR in BRAFi arm (%) Median PFS (months). 
Key BRAF inhibitor (BRAFi) trials in metastatic melanoma. 
Notes:. 
Patients in extension phase treated at the recommended phase II dose of 960 mg BID;. 
evaluable patients with BRAFV600 mutated melanoma, treated at recommended phase II dose or higher (at least 150 mg BID). 
Groups No . BCAT1 P * Negative Positive — + ++ +++ No.(%) No.(%) No.(%) No.(%). 
Statistical analysis for BCAT1 expression in different stages of NPC. 
P * value was calculated by comparing the positive rate of BCAT1 in low-to-moderate grade atypical hyperplasia tissues, high-grade atypical hyperplasia tissues and NPC tissues with that in normal epithelia, respectively. 
  c - Myc. 
Correlation analysis between c-Myc and BCAT1 expression in the same batch of NPC tissues. 
U up-expression, L low expression. 
Primer Sequence (5’-3’) Product size (bp). 
Primers for amplifying 11 exons of BCAT1. 
?Primer ??????Sequence (5’-3’) Product size (bp). 
Summary for primer sequences and product sizes. 
AspGD A. nidulans gene name Yeast best hit Function. 
The eleven NPKs that demonstrated reduced growth on AVICEL show a conserved theme in nutrient sensing and cell growth. 
AspGD A. nidulans gene name Yeast best hit Function. 
The functional description of the seven NPPs that demonstrated reduced growth on AVICEL and reduced eglA/B transcription. 
Strain Start culture Nuclear CreA Transfer culture Nuclear CreA. 
CreA::GFP nuclear localisation post transfer between media containing different carbon sources. 
Fungal CreA::GFP nuclear localisation is presented as a percentage of the total number of hyphae evaluated (presented in brackets). 
Parental ? schA. 
The overrepresented GO terms from the FetGOat analysis ( p <0.05) of the genes differentially expressed within the parental and ? schA strains post transfer from CM to MM plus AVICEL for 24 h. 
Note that no overrepresented GO terms were identified in the ? snfA strain. For the full lists of GO terms refer to Additional file 4 : Table S2. 
  P-values Differentially expressed genes. 
Enrichment analysis. 
Canonical pathways and networks most significantly associated with the 403 genes differentially expressed (p<0.05) in transient versus sustained gastrin treatment shown in the heat map in Figure  1 B and in Additional file 1 . The 5 pathways and 3 networks with lowest p-values are shown as determined by the MetaCore tool of GeneGo package [ 15 ]. Enrichment analysis by GO process is found in Additional file 3 : Tables S2 and S3. 
  Primary genes 1 (N=115) Secondary genes 2 (N=48). 
Classification of primary and secondary gastrin induced genes lower expressed in transiently treated cells. 
1 Genes independent on de novo protein synthesis for gastrin induced expression (115 of 181 selected genes); 2 Genes dependent on de novo protein synthesis for gastrin induced expression (48 of 181 selected genes); number of uncertain genes: N= 18; 3 Temporal profiles are illustrated in Figure  5 ; 4Molecular functions are defined based on data from MetaCore tool of GeneGo package [ 15 ] Gene Ontology Annotation (UniProt-GOA) Database GOA [ 38 ] and literature. 
HMCL Translocated gene Cultured with IL6 IGF1R KIT IL6R IGF1 IL6 SCF CD45 PTEN. 
Abbreviations: HMCLs, human myeloma cell lines; IGF1, insulin-like growth factor 1; IL, interleukin; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; SCF, stem cell factor. 
Expression was assessed by microarray with the following probesets: IGF1R, 203627_at, KIT: 205051_s_at, IL6R: 205945_at, IGF1: 209541_at, IL6: 205207_at, SCF: 226534_at, CD45: 212587_s_at, PTEN: 204053_x_at. 
  Univariate COX analysis Multivariate COX analysis Gene Hazard ratio P -value Hazard ratio P- value. 
Abbreviations: IGF1R, insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor; IL, interleukin. 
Analyses were performed using SigmaPlot software. Cranes Software International Ltd; www.systat.com. 
Compound Protein Protein data bank identification number Species Ligand–protein interaction energy value. 
Abbreviation: INVDOCK, inverse docking program. 
mRNA Forward Primer Reverse Primer. 
List of the Primer Sequences Used for RT?qPCR. 
RT?qPCR indicates real?time reverse transcription?quantitative polymerase chain reaction; Anp, atrial natriuretic peptide; Arg, arginase; Col, collagen; Ctgf, connective tissue growth factor; Fizz, found in inflammatory zone; Hprt, hypoxanthine phosphoribosyl?transferase; iNOS, inducible nitric oxide synthase; Il, interleukin; Mcp, monocyte chemoattractant protein; Mrc, mannose receptor c; Pdgf, platelet?derived growth factor; Phd, prolyl hydroxylase domain protein; Rantes, regulated on activation normal T cell expressed and secreted; Tgf, transforming growth factor; Tnf, tumor necrosis factor. 
Control MyPHD2KO Control+L/A MyPHD2KO+L/A MyPHD2KO+L/A+Digoxin. 
Complete Blood Cell Count. 
Data are expressed as mean±SEM. n=5. L/A indicates L?NAME+Angiotensin II; WBC, white blood cell; RBC, red blood cell; Hb, hemoglobin; PLT, platelet; SEM, standard error of the mean. 
Control MyPHD2KO Control+L/A MyPHD2KO+L/A MyPHD2KO+L/A+Digoxin. 
Body Weight and Hemodynamic Parameters. 
Data are expressed as mean±SEM. L/A indicates L?NAME+Angiotensin II; BW, body weight; HW, heart weight; TL, tibia length; SBP, systolic blood pressure; HR, heart rate; SEM, standard error of the mean. 
P <0.05 vs control,. 
P <0.05 vs Control+L/A. 
P <0.05,. 
P <0.01 vs MyPHD2KO+L/A n=5. 
Control MyPHD2KO Control+L/A MyPHD2KO+L/A MyPHD2KO+L/A+Digoxin. 
Echocardiographic Characteristics. 
Data are expressed as mean±SEM. L/A indicates L?NAME+Angiotensin II; IVS, Interventricular septum; PW, posterior wall; FS, Fractional shortening; EF, Ejection fraction; SEM, standard error of the mean. 
P <0.05,. 
P <0.01 vs control,. 
P <0.01 vs Control+L/A,. 
P <0.01 vs MyPHD2KO+L/A. n=5. 
Gene ID Log2(FC) p value FC Gene ID Log2(FC) p value FC. 
Only transcripts with fold change (FC) >2.0 (log2FC >1.0) and p value <0.05 are shown above. A comprehensive list is presented in Table S2 . 
Gene ID Microarray E19 RNA-Seq E15 p value Gene ID Microarray E19 RNA-Seq E15 p value. 
RNA-Seq data are a comparison of E15 and adult. Microarray data are from a previously published study [14] and are a comparison of E19 and adult (hyphens represent transcripts that were not present on the microarray chip). Only transcripts with fold change (FC) >2.0 (log2FC >1.0) and p value <0.05 are shown above. A comprehensive list is presented in Table S2 . 
Present at plexus Not present at plexus. 
Comparison of data presented in the current study on blood-CSF barrier transcriptome and the previously published blood-brain barrier transcriptome [33] . Most (19 of 29) junction transcripts enriched at the blood-brain barrier were present at the blood-CSF barrier. Only one transcript thought to be brain-barrier specific ( Jam4 ) was not present at the blood-CSF barrier. Note that our data are from E15 rat choroid plexus, whereas blood-brain barrier [33] are from P2-8 mouse cerebral endothelial cells. 
Channel ID Type Gene ID E15 Enriched Genes (from RNA-Seq) Adult Enriched Genes (from RNA-Seq). 
Ion channel expression in choroid plexus epithelial cells. Kcnj1 was not detected in RNA-Seq. A comprehensive list is presented in Table S2 . 
Protein ID Transport Function Gene ID E15 Enriched Genes (from RNA-Seq) Additional Genes with Unaltered Expression (from RNA-Seq) Adult Enriched Genes (from RNA-Seq). 
Enzymes and ion transporters known to be involved in CSF secretion. Protein ID from [72] ; these ion transporters have been shown to be active in adult choroid plexus; as an example the cellular localization of SLC4A1 is shown in Fig. 3C, D . Gene ID and function from NCBI ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gene ). Genes in bold were not detected in either RNA-Seq or Affymetrix datasets. Slc4a7 was only identified in Affymetrix. Slc12a2 (NKCC1) has previously been identified in embryonic mouse choroid plexus as has Slc12a4 (KCC1) [110] and Slc4a10 (NCBE) [111] . Genes underlined have not previously been identified in rat choroid plexus (but cf. with mouse choroid plexus [13] ). A comprehensive list is presented in S2 . Most of the genes listed here were identified in both RNA-Seq and Affymetrix datasets. 
Species Age Ions (CSF/Plasma)   Na+ K+ Cl? HCO3? Ca2+ Mg2+. 
Electrolyte concentrations (mequiv/L or kg H20) in CSF and plasma of embryos/newborns and adults. Gestation term for each species listed in days in brackets. Note that there is net movements of sodium, chloride and bicarbonate ions into the CSF, and a net movement of potassium ions into the blood. Net water movement into the CSF is by aquaporin channels. 
miRNAs that increased cell viability miRNAs that decreased cell viability   miRNA Cell viability (%) miRNA Cell viability (%). 
Results of miRNA library screening. 
Data represent the cell viability in miRNA mimics (50 nM)-transfected cells 3 days after transfection. Data were expressed as a percentage of the negative control in an average of duplicates. Top 10 miRNAs that increased or decreased the cell viability are listed. 
Term P-value. 
Twenty most significantly enriched (P<0.05) gene ontology (GO) pathways among downregulated genes after miR-193a transfection into A2780 cells. 
Entrez gene ID Symbol Fold change. 
Candidate miR-193a target genes downregulated in miR-193a-transfectants. 
Turbot database Source tissue Sequencing strategy No. of sequences (reads) No. unique sequences Reference (contigs + singletons). 
Increase of the genomic resources for the turbot ( S. maximus ) with the successive databases. 
  Forward 1 st filtration Both systems Only immune Only reproduction Without signal Total. 
Filtration process results for the 47,921 sequences with oligos in forward and reverse orientation. 
Contig number Read number Turbot 3 database annotation miRBase accession name miRBase annotation. 
Representative sample of miRNAs found in the Turbot 3 database. miRNAs were identified by Blasting Turbot 3 database sequences against the miRBase. 
Summary statistics of ( S . maximus ) 454-pyrosequencing. 
Contig number Length No. reads Average coverage per nucleotide % GC Annotation E-value Accession number Database. 
List of the top 20 longest contigs originated from the 454 run of brain-hypophysis-gonad axis tissues of turbot ( S . maximus ). 
Contig number Length No. reads Average coverage per nucleotide % GC Annotation E-value Accession Number Database. 
List of the top 20 deepest contigs originated from the 454 run of brain-hypophysis-gonad axis tissues of turbot ( S . maximus ). 
Gene name Gene abbreviation Contig length Gene Ontology E-value Species Annotation resource. 
Selection of some of the novel relevant immune-related genes identified in the Turbot 3 database. 
Gene name Gene abbreviation Contig length Gene Ontology E-value Species Annotation resource. 
Selection of some of the novel relevant reproductive-related genes identified in the Turbot 3 database. 
Description KEGG code No. of genes in the pathway Nº of genes in the database % coverage. 
Representation of reproductive pathways with more than 50% of coverage in the Turbot 3 database. 
  Repeat unit number SSR motif length 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 >10 Total % excluding 4 and 5 repetitions %. 
Frequency distribution of the new SSRs by motif length in the Turbot 3 database. 
  No. Contigs No. SNPs. 
Summary statistics of SNPs in the Turbot 3 database. 
  Non-smokers(NC) n?=?25 Smokers (NS) n?=?25 Non-smokers with COPD (CN) n?=?10 Smokers with COPD (CS) n?=?18. 
Demographic characteristics of the subjects. 
Values are given as mean ± SD. 
Pack-year?=?1 year smoking 20 cigarettes per day. 
COPD, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; FEV1, forced expiratory volume in 1 s; FVC, forced vital capacity. 
Total events Events missed Percent. 
Missed events using the while synchronization with equal to 10 and 100 ms. 
Frequencies Inputs Duration. 
Durations, frequencies and number of events for a single train of stimulations. 
HHform    provenance of. 
The conductance of K was changed from to to match the membrane voltage when all the spines were instantiated. 
HHform    provenance of. 
Section Diameter (?m ) Length ( ?m ) Surface ( ?m 2). 
Parameter Value Reference. 
Parameter Value Reference. 
Concentrations Value Reference. 
Functions regulated by DGK activity Reference. 
Biological functions of DGKs in T cells and other immune cells . 
Gene Type Mutation Location Disease Conservation Reference. 
Abbreviations: GH2, GIPC homology 2; HNSCC, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. 
Breed Age at Dx (yrs) Sex Tumor Loc DFI (days) Avg% stain Avg stain intensity Total score. 
Summary of data for dogs with DFI?>?300 and DFI?<?100 days, including HES1 immunohistochemistry score. 
DFI ?disease free interval, Dx ?diagnosis, MC ?male castrated, FS ?female spayed, P ?proximal, D ?distal, H ?humerus, R ?radius, T ?tibia, Total Score is product of scores for % cells staining and staining intensity. 
Univariate analysis   Median DFI (d) HR P 95% CI. 
Results of univariate/multivariate analysis of factors associated with clinical outcome. 
DFI ?disease free interval, BALP ?bone-specific alkaline phosphatase. 
Gene name miR-195 group Control group LNA-195 group TargetScan (968) PicTar (746) miRanda (3733). 
Gene expression levels (the value was transformed by log?2) were measured by microarray hybridization after transfection of oligonucleotides, as indicated in the Materials and Methods. Three types of miRNA target prediction programs, TargetScan, PicTar and miRanda, were used to predict the putative targets of miR-195. + stands for the successfully predicted target gene and ? for no putative binding sites of miR-195. 
Case Dx Sex Age PMI (hrs) Ethnicity Medication history Cause of death Seizure ID Side of brain Brain region. 
Demographic data for individuals with autism and controls. 
ASCVD , Arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Dx , Diagnosis; Hrs , Hours; PMI , Postmortem interval; M , Male; F , Female; EtOH , Alcohol; ID , Intellectual disability; MVA , Motor vehicle accident; nd , Not determined; ns , Not significant; d , Cohen’s test statistic. 
  Control Autistic Change P -value Cohen’s d. 
Western blotting results for RAC1, homer 1, APP, STEP, NSE, and ?-actin and their ratios in the cerebellar vermis a. 
Values for control and autistic groups are presented as mean ± SD aRAC1, ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate 1; APP, amyloid beta A4 precursor protein; STEP, striatal-enriched protein tyrosine phosphatase; NSE, neuronal specific enolase; nd, not determined; ns, not significant. bStatistically significant. 
  Control Autistic Change P -value Cohen’s d. 
Western blotting results for RAC1, homer 1, APP, STEP, NSE, and ?-actin and their ratios in BA9 a. 
Values for control and autistic groups are presented as mean ± SD.aRAC1, ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate 1; APP, amyloid beta A4 precursor protein; STEP, striatal-enriched protein tyrosine phosphatase; NSE, neuronal specific enolase; BA9, Brodmann’s area 9; nd, not determined; ns, not significant. bStatistically significant. 
Model Single pulse - 0.5 h, 4 h Double pulse - 2 ?×? 0.5 h, 2 ?×? 4 h. 
Selected fibrosis-related genes were upregulated post-TGF-?1 pulse. 
Fibroblasts were pulsed with or without TGF-?1 at the indicated time points. The expression of selected genes was quantified by RT-PCR analysis. Data are represented as averages of fold changes of TGF-?1 pulse-induced gene expression?±?SD, quantified from triplicate studies in duplicate, and expressed as fold changes over respective controls (rounded to 1 dp). * P <0.05 versus respective untreated controls. ?-SMA ?-smooth muscle actin, FZD8 frizzled family receptor 8, NOX4 NADPH oxidase 4, TSPAN2 transmembrane glycoprotein tetraspanin 2. 
Amplicon CpG site probed 4 h TGF-?1 pulse 2 ?×? 4 h TGF-?1 pulses Day 1 Day 7 Day 14 Day 1 Day 7 Day 14. 
DNA gene methylation levels remain unchanged after TGF-?1 pulses. 
ACTA2 and COL1A1 were not regulated by DNA methylation in response to TGF-?1 pulse(s). Changes in methylation levels >10% are considered significant. ACTA2 and COL1A1 genes expressed low methylation levels and no overt changes after TGF-?1 pulse(s). ACTA1 actin alpha 1, COL1A1 collagen, type I, alpha 1, TGF-?1 transforming growth factor-?1. 
Gene Primer sequence. 
Primer sequences of selected fibrogenic genes. 
Primers were designed using the Oligo6.0 bioinformatics program, and analysed using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). ACTA2 actin alpha 2, FZD8 frizzled family receptor 8, GAPDH glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase, NOX4 NADPH oxidase 4, TSPAN2 transmembrane glycoprotein tetraspanin 2. 
Amplicon Genomic coordinates Primer sequence CpG. 
Amplicons, genomic coordinates and primer sequences of the extended promoter regions measured. 
PCR-specific primers were designed using the UCSC Genome Browser and CpG sites predicted using the Methprimer algorithm. ACTA2 actin alpha 2, COL1A1 collagen, type I, alpha 1. 
Subclass RT-PCR TaqMan Western IgG IgM pp71 IF SCF IF CD31 IF. 
Serology for IgG and IgM was performed and charted relative to pp71 expression status as determined by RT-PCR, TaqMan and western blot in figure 1 . Flash frozen tissue sections were analyzed for the presence of pp71, SCF and CD31 by immunofluorescence (IF) in selected tumor cases, as indicated. GBM patient samples without available plasma were labeled N/A. Tumors were classified as low grade astrocytoma (LGA) or GBM by pathology, and the GBM samples were further subclassified as proneural (PN), mesenchymal (MES), or classical (CLAS) based on their gene expression signatures (data not shown and figure 6C ). BC refers to a non-tumor surgical specimen from a blood clot. ND signifies not determined. 
Top Molecules fold change  Top Biological Functions  . 
Chart summarizing fold changes for the top 20 significantly altered genes in pp71 expressing versus control U87 cells (left panel). The top biological function alterations as determined by IPA software when compared to the Ingenuity knowledge base with associated p-values are listed (right panel). 
Group (n=8) 2 h after I/R 24 h after I/R. 
Neurological deficit score. 
Data shown as mean ± SE from 8 individual rats in each group. 
P<0.05, vs. the IC group. SC, sham-operated control; IC, ischemic control; EA, electroacupuncture; I/R, ischemia/reperfusion. 
Tumor category miRNA Mechanism Reference. 
Test March 1999 May 2000 September 2000 Units Reference Range. 
Test Sample 1999 2008 Reference. 
Test/Procedure Date Result. 
Isolate Candida albicans Candida glabrata Periconia species Source Prostatic secretions Ejaculate Ejaculate. 
SMB. 
On target: mapping to bases included in the array design. 
Near target: In 500 basepair (approximate fragment length) proximity of array targets. 
Off target: Mapping to other genomic positions in the genome. 
CMC-SMB. 
Relative Status/Description. 
Dr. First Name Last Name Institution #1 ADD ZIPCODE Institution #2. 
High prevalence of genomic alterations in ATC. 
ATC, anaplastic thyroid cancer; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; MGF, mast cell growth factor; PDGR-?, platelet-derived growth factor receptor ?. 
Known expression changes in ATC. 
ATC, anaplastic thyroid cancer; NF-kB, nuclear factor-kappaB. 
? RASSF1A ?2 P ? Positive Negative ? No. of cases (%). 
RASSF1A expression in normal tissue, adenoma, and tumor. 
Bold values represent P values which are considered to be statistically significant at <0.05. 
Factors Total cases Loss of RASSF1A expression No. No. (% of total) ?2 P. 
Association between loss of RASSF1A expression and clinicopathological factors. 
Bold values represent P values which are considered to be statistically significant at <0.05. 
? RASSF1A expression ?2 P ? Negative Positive. 
Relationship between loss of RASSF1A expression, K-ras mutation, and EGFR status in CRC. 
Bold values represent P values which are considered to be statistically significant at <0.05. 
Subjects Uremia Uremia Normal   Discovery Validation Controls. 
Demographic and clinical characteristics of study subjects. 
    Discovery cohort Validation cohort Symbol Gene Title qFDR Fold change uremia vs normal qFDR Fold change uremia vs normal Under-repesented          . 
Most highly differentially expressed functionally defined genes in uremic subjects by comparison with normal controls. 
Genes were selected by conjoint filter to identify those with smallest qFDR and highest FC. 
Principal gene pathways altered in uremia p-value Ratio*. 
Principal gene pathways altered in uremia. 
*# genes in list in pathway/# genes in pathway. 
Cell Line Ets1 Empty Vector. 
p?=?0.047 compared to MCF7 transfected with empty vector. 
p<0.0001 compared to T-47D transfected with empty vector. 
p?=?0.0018 compared to ZR-75-1 transfected with empty vector. 
Restriction enzyme targeted sequences or consensus sequences are shown in bold . Mutated nucleotides are underlined. GenBank accession numbers for source sequences are given in parentheses. 
RPKM Counts Student’s T-test p-Values  Melanocyte RPE Iridophore Melanocyte vs. RPE Melanocyte vs. Iridophore RPE vs. Iridophore. 
Selected genes indicative of pigment cell identity or shared functions are shown. 
Gene Melanocyte RPE Iridophore Embryo Notes. 
Shown are RPKM values for genes co-enriched among the three pigment cell types at a level 100-fold greater than whole embryos, within a 2-fold change of each other, with a minimum RPKM of 4. 
Gene Melanocyte RPE Iridophore Embryo Notes. 
RPKM values for genes co-expressed in melanocyte and RPE at least 10-fold greater than iridophores and whole embryos, with a minimum of 10 RPKM. 
Gene Melanocyte Iridophore RPE Embryo Notes. 
RPKM values for genes expressed in melanocytes and iridophores at least 5-fold greater than RPE and whole embryos. 
Gene Iridophore Melanocyte RPE Embryo Notes. 
RPKM values for genes expressed in iridophores at least 30-fold greater than melanocytes and RPE, and 100-fold greater than embryos. 
RPKM P-Value Gene Iridophore Melanocyte RPE Embryo Irid vs. Mel Irid vs. RPE. 
RPKM values for enzymes related to guanine synthesis in iridophores. Enzymes are grouped with their commonly associated pathways. Rate-limiting enzymes from each of the specific pathways are indicated with an asterisk. Notably, adssl is the first adenine-specific gene in purine synthesis, and is not upregulated in iridophores. 
Clone # Antibody# Specificity Isotype Kd, nM (ELISA) Kd, nM (HeLa). 
Description and characterization of a novel panel of uPA and uPAR targeted monoclonal antibodies with therapeutic potential. A panel of uPA and uPAR targeted antibodies with different epitope specificities has been developed. The biological and targeting activity of this panel is presently being evaluated in our laboratory. We hypothesize that the different epitope specificities and targeting either uPA or uPAR will allow us to dissect some of the basic biology of this system as well as identify antibodies that may not affect the biology of uPA/uPAR but may have utility as targeting agents. For example, ATN-292 inhibits the binding of uPA to uPAR by binding to the GFD of uPA but is not internalized. ATN-291 binds to the kringle domain of uPA, can bind to uPA when it is bound to uPAR and is internalized. Various targeting studies using ATN-291 are ongoing. ATN-616 and ATN-617 block the binding of uPA to uPAR but have little antitumor activity as monotherapies. ATN-615 and ATN-658 do not block the binding of uPA to uPAR and can bind to uPAR even when uPA is bound. Both of these antibodies are also internalized. The epitope for ATN-615 has been described 23 and the antitumor activity of ATN-658 in multiple tumor models has also been published 34 , 75 - 77 . ATN-615 and ATN-658 are also being evaluated as targeting agents in our laboratory. 
Study participants No. of markers Phenotype Results Refs. 
Examples of genome-wide linkage studies of osteoporosis and related traits*. 
*HWE P , Hardy-Weinberg Equilibrium P -value; LOD, logarithm of odds; MAF, minor allele frequency; TBLM, total body lean mass. 
Genotyping Total markers Significant markers Discovery participants Replication participants Phenotype P -value Candidate gene/ related pathwayb Refs. 
Examples of genome-wide-association studies of osteoporosis and related traitsa. 
aAbout 20 genes have been detected in multiple GWASs, including ARHGAP1 [ 31 , 32 ], C6orf97 [ 29 , 32 ], CLCN7 [ 25 , 43 ], CTNNB1 [ 31 , 53 ], DCDC5 [ 31 , 53 ], ESR1 [ 29 , 31 , 32 , 48 , 53 , 57 ], FLJ42280 [ 31 , 53 , 55 ], FOXL1 [ 31 , 53 ], GPR177 [ 31 , 53 , 54 ], HDAC5 [ 31 , 53 ], LRP4 [ 31 , 32 , 56 , 57 ], LRP5 [ 31 , 33 , 53 ], MEPE [ 31 , 33 , 53 ], PTH [ 43 , 52 ], STARD3NL [ 31 , 53 ], SOST [ 53 , 56 ], SOX6 [ 31 , 41 , 51 , 53 ], SPTBN1 [ 31 , 33 , 57 ], TNFSF11 [ 55 , 56 ], TNFRSF11A [ 31 , 37 , 55 , 56 ], TNFSF11B [ 31 , 53 , 56 , 57 ], and ZBTB40 [ 31 , 53 ]. bFor gene abbreviations and explanations of pathways, see Table 5. 
Subjects and samples Treatment Differentially expressed genes Important regulated genesa Refs. 
Examples of gene expression studies of osteoporosis. 
aFor gene abbreviations and explanations of pathways, see Table 5. 
Participants or cells/treatment Identified protein expression Related functions/pathways Refs. 
Examples of proteomic studies of osteoporosisa. 
aFor gene abbreviations and explanations of pathways, see Table 5. 
Genes Full names Refs. 
Key pathways associated with osteoporosisa. 
aGene abbreviations: AGER , Advanced glycosylation end product-specific receptor; ALP1 , Actinin-associated LIM protein; ANXA2 , Annexin A2; BMP2 , Bone morphogenetic protein; BSP , Binder of sperm; C6orf97 , Chromosome 6 open reading frame 97; CBFA1 , Core binding factor A1; CFL1 , Cofilin 1; CLCN7 , Chloride channel 7; COL , Collagen; COMT , Catechol-O-methyltransferase; CRYAB , ?-crystallin B chain; CTSK , Cathepsin K; CXCL2 , Chemokine ligand 2; CXCR4 , Chemokine receptor 4; DLX5 , Distal-less homeobox 5; EPHA5 , Ephrin A receptor 5; Erk , Extracellular signal-regulated kinase; FAM210A , Family with sequence similarity 210A; FHL2 , Four-and-a-half LIM domain; FLNA , Filamin A ?; FONG , Formiminotransferase amino-terminal subdomain-containing precursor; GDI? , Rho GDP dissociation inhibitor ?; GPR177 , G protein-coupled receptor 177; Gprc5c , G protein-coupled receptor; GRO1 , Melanoma growth stimulating activity ?; Hmgb1 , High mobility group protein; HMGN3 , High mobility group nucleosomal binding domain 3; IBSP , Integrin-binding sialoprotein; ID4 , Inhibitor of DNA binding dominant negative helix-loop-helix protein; IGF-1 , Insulin-like growth factor; IL , Interleukin; IL21R , Interleukin 21 receptor; IQGAP1 , IQ motif containing GTPase activating protein; LAMA , Laminin ?; MMP9 , Matrix metallopeptidase 9; NDN , Necdin; NOV , Nephroblastoma overexpressed; OCN , Osteocalcin; P53 , P53 oncogene; phex , phosphate regulating endopeptidase homolog; PTH , Parathyroid hormone; PTN , pleiotrophin; RUNX2 , Runt-related transcription factor 2; SLC25A13 , Aspartate/glutamate carrier; SLPI , Secretory leukocyte peptidase inhibitor; SOCS3 , Cytokine signaling suppressor 3; SOD1 , Superoxide dismutase 1, soluble; SOD2 , Superoxide dismutase 2, mitochondrial; SORT1 , Sortilin 1; STARD3NL , STARD3 amino-terminal like gene; STAT1 , Signal transducer and activator of transcription 1; TFPI2 , Tissue factor pathway inhibitor; ZBTB40 , Zinc finger and BTB domain containing 40. bThis pathway also includes TNFSF11, TNFRSF11A , and TNFRSF11B . 
Therapeutic combination Approval status Mechanism of additive/synergistic action Clinical data Most common grade 3-4 adverse events. 
Combination cytotoxic therapy for patients with MBC pretreated with, or resistant to, taxanes or anthracyclines. 
ALT: alanine aminotransferase; AST: aspartate aminotransferase; CI: confidence interval; FU: fluorouracil; HR: hazard ratio; NSD: not significantly different; ORR: overall response rate; OS: overall survival; PFS: progression-free survival; RR: response rate; TTP: time to progression. 
Therapeutic combination Approval status Clinical data Most common grade 3-4 adverse events. 
Randomized combination cytotoxic plus targeted or biologic therapy for patients with MBC. 
CI: confidence interval; DR: duration of response; HR: hazard ratio; NS: not significant; ORR: overall response rate; OS: overall survival; PFS: progression-free survival; TTF: time to treatment failure; TTP: time to progression. 
*Percentage with severe event. 
Gene symbol FC Gene description. 
Abbreviations: CLL=chronic lymphocytic leukemia; FC=fold change; TCR=T-cell receptor. 
Category Total gene Genes/input P -value. 
Abbreviation: GO=gene ontology. 
Statistic Whole exome Whole Genome. 
ACC whole exome and whole genome sequencing statistics. 
Parameter Value. 
Forward Reverse. 
Results in Supplementary Fig. S3 , Supplementary Figs. S1–S3 and Supplementary Fig. S7 are shown as mean fold changes ±s.e.m. 
5? partner 3? partner Reference 5? partner 3? partner Reference. 
Overview of v-ets erythroblastosis virus E26 oncogenes (ETS gene) fusions detected in samples of prostate cancer (PCa) patients. The list is organized according to the 3? fusion partner. 
Nearest Known Gene Within 100 kb Chromosomal Locus SNP Region References OR a. 
Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with PCa-risk identified through genome-wide association studies (GWAS) across multiple cohorts. 
OR, odds ratio, reported as a range across the various stages of GWAS discovery and validation when available. 
Genetic alteration Type 1 (%) Type 2 (%). 
Genetic mutations in Type 1 and 2 endometrial cancer. 
Upregulation Downregulation. 
Expression of miRNAs in endometrial cancer. 
Tissue biomarkers Serum biomarkers. 
Biomarkers in endometrial cancer. 
Gene Description Gene type Expression Type of biomarker Sample References. 
Summary of PCa biomarkers in the literature. 
Biomarker type Study Marker PCa/study Sens. Spec. AUC. 
Summary of the most significant studies that have used panels of urine biomarkers for PCa detection. 
Variable  Set-1 (N=34) Set-2 (N=48) Set-3 (n=150). 
Characteristics of the 3 patient sets used for methylation analysis. 
Packyears information was not avalable for 2 patients from set-2 and 19 patients from set-3. 
Set 1 consists of 18 AdC and 16 SCC with all stages. 
Set 2 consists of 24 squamous cell carcinoma (10 × Stage I, 9 × Stage II, 5 × Stage III) and 24 adenocarcinoma (AdC) (10 × Stage I, 10 × Stage II, 4 × Stage III) patients. 
Set-3 consists of 75 SCC and 75 AdC patients (each histology: 35 × Stage I, 20 × Stage II, 20× Stage III). 
Inhibitor/drug Target Indication Status. 
Major Processes That May be Therapeutic Targets for Palliation of Painful Osseous Metastases. 
Treatment Guidelines. 
Contraindication for Treatment of Painful Ssseous Metastases with Radiopharmaceuticals. 
Characteristics of Radiopharmaceutical for the Treatment of POM. 
*Not approved in U.S. 
Study Specie Tissue EPO-R gene expression (method) EPO-R protein expression (method) EPO-R antibody. 
Detectability of the EPO-R in skeletal muscle . 
Chemopreventive/chemotherapeutic phytochemicals that activate AMPK . 
Properties of AMPK subunits. Although the ?2, ?2, and ?3 subunits are most highly expressed in muscle, they are found at low levels in other tissues. 
PCR product Forward primer (5?-3?) Reverse primer (5?-3?) Product size (bp). 
Primers used for PCR. 
1Incorporated EcoR1 and 2 BamH1 sites are underlined. 
3ATG translation start codon and introduced N19 mutation are shown in bold. 
4Expected size in absence of intron. 
Gene Cell line2 mRNA level: noninduced cells (U) mRNA level: induced cells (I) I/U3. 
mRNA levels of selected genes involved in heart development in P19CL6 cell lines with and without induction to generate a cardiomyocyte phenotype1. 
1Data represent the results of 3–6 independent measurements. 
2Values for mock transfected (Mock) clones #1, 2, 3 represent combined results for these three cell lines. 
3I/U is the ratio of mRNA levels in induced (I) and uninduced (U) cells. 
* P < 0.05, compared to mock transfected cell lines. 
Cell lines Surface Levels * Ras mutant status ? Sensitivity ? DR4 DR5 TRAIL DR4 mAb DR5 mAb. 
Surface expression relative to HN30 cells using the data shown in Fig. 4A and not shown for HN31. Scale from high (+++++) to low (+). 
H-Ras mutant status was determined by cDNA sequence analysis at Dr. Gutkind laboratory. WT, wild type. 
Sensitivity relative to HN30 cells using data in Fig. 1A . -, resistant. 
Bioactive Substance Source Tumor Molecular Pathways 1. 
Natural antioxidants and their molecular targets implicated in cancer prevention. 
1 Abbreviations used according to HGNC nomenclature: CTNNB1, ?-catenin; survivin, BIRC5; NFE2L2, nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2); IKBKB, IKK-Beta; BCL2L1, Bcl-XL; HMOX1, Heme Oxygenase 1 (HO-1); CCND1, Cyclin D1; ALOX5, 5-Lypooxygenase (5-LO), PTGS2, Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX2), SLC2A1, solute carrier family 2 (GLUT1); CDKN1A, P21/WAF1; KLK3, Prostate specific antigen (PSA). 
Treatment 1 n Median Survival (days) Increase in Survival 2 (%). 
Synergistic increase in survival by co-treatment of transgenic mouse model of PDA with PEGPH20 and gemcitabine [ 11 ]. 
1 Methods are described in Jacobetz et al. [ 11 ]; 2 Gemcitabine versus combination of gemcitabine and PEGPH20 ( p = 0.002). 
NCBI Name Aliases (commonly used aliases in bold) Human Chromosome Position Important References. 
MLL family names. 
NCBI Name Aliases (commonly used aliases in bold) Human Chromosome Position MLL interaction site Evidence for a direct interaction with MLL Structural data supporting interaction. 
MLL protein complex components. 
* Although ASH2L and DPY30 do not interact directly with MLL, they are included in Table 2 because they are important components of the SET domain core complex. 
NCBI Name Aliases (commonly used aliases in bold) Human Chromosome Position Established Direct interactions (A question mark indicates a presumed but not fully established interaction). 
MLL interactome names and interactions. 
Protein Alternative Names Substrates Knockout phenotype. 
Alternative names, substrates and knockout phenotypes of ADAMTS members implicated in angiogenesis and cancer. 
Protein Dependence on catalytic activity Involvement of TSRs Role in Angiogenesis. 
ADAMTS role in angiogenesis. 
Protein Cancer type Regulation. 
Expression and regulation of ADAMTSs in various cancers. 
CD44/CD24/ESA CD133 ALDH c-MET dye exclusion miRNA functional assay. 
Correlations between expression of stem cell markers, dye exclusion, CSC specific miRNAs, and in vivo tumorigenicity. Green: Partial overlap between characteristics. Red: No significantly increased overlap between characteristics. Grey: No data available. Reference numbers are shown for each correlation. 
ER? ER? PR n Ref Antibody % Antibody % Antibody %  . 
Selected review of estrogen and progesterone receptor expression in NSCLC. 
--: data not available. 
Scoring method Positivity Ref. 
Definitions of ER positivity in NSCLC used in literature. 
Name Class Mechanism Route of administration Studies in NSCLC. 
Endocrine therapy in metastatic breast cancer. 
Patient population Allowed prior therapy Preselected biomarker Treatment ER/PR assessment ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier. 
Ongoing phase II clinical trials of hormonal therapy in advanced NSCLC [ 67 ]. 
Treatment Complete response % Partial response % Blast response % Comments Ref. 
Representative single agent activity of targeted therapies in AML. 
WT = wild type; unk = unknown mutational status; BSC = best supportive care. 
Name of the target gene Cluster ID Forward Primer (5?-3?) Reverse Primer (5?-3?). 
Zhou et al. [90] . 
cDNA library characteristics Number. 
Gene discovery rate was calculated as the total number of clusters divided by total number of sequences passing the quality check. 
Classification SSH Libraries  M. anisopliae B. bassiana B. thuringiensis E. coli. 
SSH Libraries * Shared Normalized cDNA library. 
The same cluster present in more than one SSH library is counted as a single cluster. 
Protein name of the target Gene Functional categories M. anisopliae B. bassiana B. thuringiensis E. coli. 
Means ± SE values having the same letter(s) along the row are not significantly different (based on the Tukey’s Honestly Significant Difference test; P<0.05). PRR: pattern recognition receptor; SM: signal modulator; ST: signal transductor; E: effector; O: other immune-related gene. 
Gene Groups PFC HIP STR. 
Number of genes with significant expression differences between saline-treated HIV-1Tg rats (HIV_Sal) and F344 rats (F344 _Sal) (Row A). Some of these genes were further altered by nicotine treatment in HIV-1 Tg rats (Row B), with most restored by nicotine treatment (Row C); only two genes had their expression worsened by nicotine (Row D) in the prefrontal cortex (PFC), dorsal hippocampus (HIP), or dorsal striatum (STR) of HIV-1Tg rats. 
Brain Region Gene Symbol Gene Name F344_Sal F344_Nic HIV_Sal HIV_Nic. 
The expression of genes in the pathways most significantly restored by nicotine in the prefrontal cortex (PFC), dorsal hippocampus (HIP), or dorsal striatum (STR) of HIV-1Tg rats. Data are expressed as the mean of fragments per kilobase of exon per million fragments mapped (FPKM) ± SEM in saline-treated F344 (F344_Sal), nicotine-treated F344 (F344_Nic), saline-treated HIV-1Tg (HIV_Sal), and nicotine-treated HIV-1Tg (HIV_Nic) rats. 
p <0.05,. 
p <0.001,. 
p <0.001 indicate significant strain differences;. 
p <0.05,. 
p <0.01,. 
p <0.001 indicate significant drug effects within each strain. 
Docking site Tripos SYBYL-X Scoring Functions DScore (Kcal/mol) 1YAH PLE. 
Docking data for the binding affinities of curcumin with the respective binding sites. 
Characteristics Patients n (%). 
Demographic, histopathological characteristics and the disease states of the 208 donors of the colon tissues used in the tissue microarray studies. 
Characteristics PMPMEase Staining Intensity, N (%) Missing Mean Scores P -value 1–100 Trace 101–200 Weak 201–300 Intermediate 301–400 Strong 401–500 Very strong. 
Association of PMPMEase immunoreactivity with the pathologic features of colon cancer. Significantly higher PMPMEase immunoreactivities were observed in the different types, grades, and stages of colon cancers as shown by the means ± SEM versus normal tissues compared by ANOVA followed by Dunnet's post test. 
Cases Number of cases with fold change greater than 2 Year of study References Downregulated Upregulated. 
PMPMEase (CES1) gene is overexpressed in human colorectal cancers. Oncomine studies used in this analysis are shown below. 
Number of cases with significant fold change ( P < 0.001) and the percentage (in brackets) of the number of their respective cases are indicated. 
mAb name Targeted GFR Source Current developed phase Ongoing triala. 
GFR targeted monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) for NSCLC therapy. 
a http://www.clinicaltrial.gov/ , access date March 16, 2013. 
HER-2 spliced variants and their role in cancer. 
Description Number. 
Database Number of annotated unigenes Percentage of annoted unigenes. 
KEGG category KEGG subcategory No. of unigenes. 
Signaling molecular Unigene ID E-value Description. 
Signaling molecular Unigene ID E-value Description. 
Signaling molecular Unigene ID E-value Description. 
Signaling molecular Unigene ID E-value Description. 
Term p value. 
Cellular component clusters of DEGs. 
Term p value. 
Clustering of DEGs based on biological process. 
Term p value. 
Clustering of DEGs based on molecular function. 
Term p value. 
Altered biological pathways in bladder carcinoma cells. 
CMap name Enrichment p value. 
List of small molecules that can imitate the status of normal cells. 
Target Member Cell type References. 
Name of gene Gene symbol Accession no Fold regulation. 
Alphabetical list of human genes related to adhesion, invasion and metastasis from the RT Profiler Pathway Array (Human Cancer PathwayFinder) and their regulation in response to PRKD2 silencing using siPRKD2_5. 
The table lists the genes involved in adhesion and invasion that were analyzed by the RT² Profiler Array system. Data represent the fold-regulation of individual gene expression in PRKD2 silenced U87MG cells compared to mock transfected cells. Data were evaluated from three biological replicates and calculated by Student's t-test of the replicate 2^ (?Ct) values for each gene (* p ?0.05). Positive values indicate upregulation, negative values downregulation of genes. Only target genes regulated >1.8 fold were considered for further qPCR analyses. Relative expression levels of four genes were too low for analyses. 
Family Molecule Trials. 
Relevant signal transduction inhibitors clinical trials in MDS. 
Pathway Source No. of genesin pathway No. of SNPsin pathway p(DS) O.R. q(O.R.) Significantin HCC. 
Note: Pathway-length based resampled p-values, denoted as p(DS), are given for significant pathways (p<0.05), along with odds ratios and associated FDRs for a logistic regression model. The pathways previously shown to be associated with HCC are marked. 
Pathway Source No. of genes in pathway No. of SNPs in pathway p(DS) O.R. q(O.R.) Significant in HCC. 
Note: Pathway-length based resampled p-values, denoted as p(DS), are given for significant pathways (p<0.05), along with odds ratios and associated FDRs for a logistic regression model. The pathways previously shown to be associated with HCC are marked. 
pathway (p(DS) <0.05) Source No. of genes in pathway No. of SNPs in pathway cirrhosis fibrosis nashdx nas steatosis lobular balloon Significant in HCC No. of phenotypes. 
Note: Pathways significantly associated with 2 or more histologic features (p(DS) value <0.05) are listed along with histologic feature, no. of genes and snps in pathway. 
Characteristics   Sample population N Number (%) median(range). 
Patients’ characteristics. 
*As assessed by sentinal node biopsy and/or lymphadneectomy. 
Characteristic Hazard ratio (95% CI) p-value. 
Logistic regression anlysis for disease recurrence. 
Attractive Features Potential Pitfalls. 
EGFR/ErbB1/HER1 ErbB2/HER2 ErbB3/HER3 ErbB4/HER4. 
EGF family receptors and ligands. 
TGF-?, transforming growth factor-?; AR, amphiregulin; BTC, betacellulin; EPR, epiregulin; NRG1/4, neuregulin-1/4. 
stage MCT-1 high MCT-1 low Total p-value. 
The TissueScan lung cancer tissue cDNA arrays Panel II, III and V consisted of a total of 19 normal lung samples and 124 lung cancer biopsies from different individuals were analyzed the expression of MCT-1 mRNA by Q-RT-PCR. The MCT-1 mRNA level in each tumor sample was normalized to ?-actin mRNA and calibrated to the overall mean of MCT-1 mRNA level of normal tissue (set as 1-fold). MCT-1 mRNA had a >2-fold induction in tumor samples over normal lung tissue were defined as the gene high-activation. The statistical analysis used Fisher’s exact test. 
stage Shc high Shc low Total p-value. 
The TissueScan lung cancer tissue cDNA arrays (Panels II, III and V) were used to analyze the Shc gene (three isoforms) expression by Q-RT-PCR analysis. The Shc mRNA level identified in tumors was normalized to ?-actin and calibrated to the overall mean of Shc mRNA level of normal lung tissue. Shc mRNA levels in tumors which elevated a 1.5- fold increase over normal breast tissues were defined as the high-activation of Shc gene. Shc transcripts were observed to be induced in lung cancers. The statistical analysis used Fisher’s exact test. 
Shc (high) Shc (low). 
The co-activation of MCT-1 and Shc genes among the 124 human lung cancers were studied. Overall, 58.1% of the LCPs highly expressed both MCT-1 and Shc genes, but only 11.3% of the biopsies exhibit low expression of both genes. The correlation of MCT-1 and Shc gene induction is statically significant ( p < 0.0001). The statistical analysis used Fisher’s exact test. 
p < 0.0001 (high : low expression of both MCT-1 and Shc genes). 
Histology Number of cases (n) Right sided Left sided Location n.a. BRAF mutation (n) KRAS mutation (n) BRAF KRAS wt (n) Average age (y) Age range (y). 
HP hyperplastic polyp; SSA sessile serrated adenoma; TSA traditional serrated adenoma; LGIEN low grade intraepithelial neoplasia; HGIEN high grade intraepithelial neoplasia; wt wild type; n.a. not applicable. 
Histology Number of cases (n) SIRT1 <5% SIRT1 low SIRT1 mode-rate SIRT1 high c-MYC <5% c-MYC low c-MYC mode-rate c-MYC high. 
HP hyperplastic polyp; SSA sessile serrated adenoma; IEN intraepithelial neoplasia; LGIEN low grade intraepithelial neoplasia; HGIEN high grade intraepithelial neoplasia. 
nuclear localization beta-catenin (number of cases and percent of total)  Histology BRAF mutation KRAS mutation KRAS and BRAF wild type. 
IEN intraepithelial neoplasia; LGIEN low grade intraepithelial neoplasia; HGIEN high grade intraepithelial neoplasia. 
Peak # Rt (min) MW [M+H] + or [M-H] - +/- Ions MS/MS fragments Tentative identification References. 
Summary of compounds identified using MS, MS/MS, and UV spectra. 
Five peaks in the chromatograms of CACF (Figure  1 B) were analyzed. Retention times (Rt), molecular weight (MW), protonated and deprotonated molecules ([M+H]+ and [M-H]-), +/- ions, MS/MS fragments, as well as their proposed identities are as listed. Among the five peaks, 2, 3 and 5 were identified as vernodaline, vernudiflori and 12,13- dihydroxyol, whereas the identities of minor peaks 1 and 4 remained unknown. 
  CACF Doxorubicin IC 50 (mean ± SD) ?g/mL IC 50 (mean ± SD) ?g/mL. 
IC 50 of CACF or doxorubicin in melanoma A375 cells and normal primary melanocytes determined by MTT assays after 24 and 48 h treatment. 
Accession # Name NB1 NB4 NB5 GBM1 GBM2 GBM3 GBM4 GBM5 GBM6. 
List of differentially expressed proteins in GBM and non-malignant brain tissue samples. 
Values shown in the table are the ratios for each of the proteins relative to its expression level in the designated individual non-malignant sample in each set. Thus NB1, GBM1 and GBM2 are relative to NB2; NB4, GBM3 and GBM4 are relative to NB3 and NB5, GBM5 and GBM6 are relative to NB6. The missing values in the table represent proteins that were either not detected in that set or not reliably quantified in iTRAQ experiments. 
Endocytosis type Vesicle size Shown by Mechanism of internalization Intracellular fate Ref. 
Types of endocytosis. 
Abbreviations: ER, endoplasmic reticulum; Ref, reference number. 
Groups Cases    HE4   Lewis y Antigen   – + ++ +++ Positive Cases PositiveRate (%) – + ++ +++ Positive Cases Positive Rate (%). 
Compared with the borderline group. P?=?0.026. 
Compared with the benign group. P?=?0.008. 
Compared with the borderline group. P?=?0.001. 
Compared with benign group. P?=?0.11. 
Features Cases HE4 Lewis y   Positive Cases Positive Rate(%) P Positive Cases Positive Rate(%) P. 
Compared the well- with moderate-differentiation groups. 
Compared the well- with poor-differentiation groups. 
Compared the well- with moderate-differentiation groups. 
Compared the well- with poor-differentiation groups. 
Lewis y HE4 Total  Positive Negative . 
OS PFS First Author Year Country Ethnicity Case Grade Mutations HR(95%CI) HR(95%CI). 
Abbreviations: OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival. 
Parameters IDH mutation/wild type Total (%) P  Yan, 2012 Mukasa, 2012 Li, 2012 Shibahara, 2011 Christensen, 2011 Bleeker, 2010 Wick, 2009 Sanson, 2009 Nobusawa, 2009  . 
NA: not available. 
Heterogeneity  HR (95% CI) ? 2 P a I 2. 
P value of Q-test for heterogeneity test. 
Random-effects model was used when P value for heterogeneity test <0.05; otherwise, fix-effects model was used. 
Gene. 
Twelve genes, (suppressor of cytokine signalling [SOCS] 1, SOCS3, SOCS5, sprouty-related, EVH1 domain-containing protein [SPRED] 2, sprouty [SPRY] 3, signal-transducing adaptor molecule [STAM] 2, signal transducer and activator of transcription [STAT] 2, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase regulatory subunit [PIK3R] 3, cyclin [CCN] D1, CCND2, ciliary neurotrophic factor receptor [CNTFR] and Cullin [CUL] 5), coding for protein components of JAK-STAT signalling pathway that contain miR-19a targets sites in their 3’ UTRs. 
Neu1 Neu2 Neu3 Neu4. 
Four types of mammalian sialidases. 
Sialidase References. 
Roles of mammalian sialidases in cancer. 
The alterations of malignant phenotypes described above were observed as the results of overexpression or silencing of the respective sialidase genes. 
Parameters Extracellular and Ligands Cytoplasm Nucleus Output proteins. 
Treatment Sex n Total Grade 1 Grade 2 Grade 3 Grade 4 Genotype (Age/Mo) (M:F)  Neoplastic n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%)    Events    . 
Multiplicity by Mann-Whitney test, Control?Drug P?=?0.1005; Control >Drug P?=?0.0503. 
Mann-Whitney Control?Drug P?=?0.0145; Control >Drug P?=?0.0072. 
Mann-Whitney test, Control?Drug P?=?0.0121; Control >Drug P?=?0.0006. 
Mann-Whitney test, Control?Drug P?=?0.1600; Control >Drug P?=?0.0800. 
Adenocarcinomas Control NVP-BEZ235 NVP-BEZ235    ADZ6244. 
Multiplicity by Mann-Whitney test. Control?Drug : P?=?0.0387. 
Fisher exact test Grades 3 vs 4, Control?Drug : P?=?0.0341. 
Fisher exact test Grades 3 vs 4, Control?Drug : P?=?0.0302. 
Antibody Site (n) Treatment Nuclear Nuclear & Membrane N?=?total    Cytoplasmic     (+) 1 (–) 1 (+) 1 (–) 1 (+) 1 (–) 1   n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%). 
(+) Increased (or equivalent) staining relative to normal mucosa (–) decreased staining. 
Nonuniform staining throughout the tumors. 
Removal of Msh2 is significantly better by Villin-Cre (small intestine) than by Adenoviral-Cre (colon),. 
Fisher exact P?=?0.0026. 
Apc is removed significantly in both tumor types relative to normal mucosa, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
?-catenin is significantly upregulated in adenocarcinomas of the small intestine but not in adenomas of the colon, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
The difference in PTEN decrease between the small and large intestinal tumors is not significant, Fisher exact P?=?0.0923. 
AKT is significantly upregulated in all tumors relative to normal mucosa, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
Antibody Site (n) Treatment Nuclear Nuclear & Membrane N?=?total    Cytoplasmic     (+) 1 (–) 1 (+) 1 (–) 1 (+) 1 (–) 1   n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%). 
(+) Increased (or equivalent) staining relative to normal mucosa (?) decreased staining. 
Nonuniform staining throughout the tumors. 
AKT-T308 is significantly downregulated in intestinal adenocarcinomas relative to colonic adenomas,. 
AKT-S473 is significantly downregulated in intestinal adenocarcinomas relative to colonic adenomas, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
AKT-S473 is downregulated in drug treated intestinal tumors relative to untreated intestinal tumors (staining judged more or less intense relative to normal crypts) Fisher exact P?=?0.0553. 
mTOR significantly upregulated in adenocarcinomas of the small intestine relative to adenomas of the colon, Fisher exact P?=?0.0013. 
p-mTOR localizes subcellular to the nucleus in adenocarcinomas and the cytoplasm of adenomas, Fisher exact P?=?0.0022. 
Antibody Site (n) Treatment Nuclear Nuclear & Membrane N?=?total    Cytoplasmic     (+) 1 (–) 1 (+) 1 (–) 1 (+) 1 (–) 1   n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%). 
(+) Increased (or equivalent) staining relative to normal mucosa (?) decreased staining. 
Nonuniform staining throughout the tumors. 
pMEK1&2 is significantly upregulated in all tumors relative to normal mucosa, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
p42p44MAPK is significantly upregulated in all tumors relative to normal mucosa, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
p42p44MAPK significantly upregulated in adenocarcinomas of the small intestine relative to adenomas of the colon, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
pS6K is upregulated (nonuniform staining) in all tumors relative to normal mucosa, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
PDPK1 is upregulated in all tumors relative to normal mucosa, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
pPDPK1 is significantly upregulated and membrane associated in all tumors relative to normal mucosa, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
Antibody Site (n) Treatment Nuclear  Nuclear & Membrane N?=?total    Cytoplasmic     (+) 1 (–) 1 (+) 1 (–) 1 (+) 1 (–) 1   n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%) n (%). 
Cyclin D1 is up-regulated relative to normal mucosa in the nucleus of all adenocarcinomas and adenomas, Fisher exact P<0.0001. 
Not significantly different, Fisher exact P?=?0.30. 
Not significantly different, Fisher exact P?=?0.40. 
“n.d.” not determined. 
Not significantly different, Fisher exact P?=?0.50. 
Group Treatment. 
Gene Official Full Name NCBI Refseq#. 
Sample Endotoxin Value (EU/ml) PTS™ Recovery Test (%) Endotoxin Limit Value (EU/ml). 
Sample Pyrogen Value (EU/ml) PyroDetect Recovery Test (%) Pyrogen Limit Value (EU/ml). 
Comparison Absolute Number of Regulated Transcripts Relative Percentage of Regulated Transcripts [%]. 
Rank Symbol Gene Name UniGene ID M-value Fold Change CpG_ODN 2h. 
Since very few transcripts were regulated in samples with SB_ODN incubation for 2 h, only 6 up-regulated transcripts are listed. 
qRT-PCR Microarray Analyses Gene Treatment p-Value Up- or Down-Regulation M Fold Change. 
Comparative list of determined expression changes of selected transcripts after 4 h of blood incubation with SB_ODN or CpG_ODN using RT2 Profiler PCR Array and the microarray analysis. 
Values, which are significantly up- or down-regulated, are written in bold. Not significantly regulated values are not highlighted. The abbreviation n.d. means not detected. 
GOBPID/GOMFID p value Odds ratio Exp. count Count Size Term CpG_ODN_4h. 
The terms are sorted from highest to lowest significance. A maximum of 5 terms are presented in the list. 
GOBPID/GOMFID: Gene Ontology Identifier for Biological Process/Molecular Function; Odds ratio is the ratio of odds that a GO term is enriched in the selected category (extent for the association of GO terms with the differentially expressed genes); Exp. Count represents the expected number of observations in a random selection of x genes; Count represents actual observations; Size is the number of genes on the array that are assigned to the GO term; Term is the short description of the process/function. 
KEGGID p value Odds ratio Exp. count Count Size Term CpG_ODN_2h. 
The terms are sorted from highest to lowest significance. A maximum of 10 terms are presented in the list. No pathway could be determined in SB_ODN treated samples for 2 h. 
KEGGID: Identifier for Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes Pathway; Odds ratio is the ratio of odds that a KEGG term is enriched in the selected category (extent for the association of KEGG terms with the differentially expressed genes); Exp. Count represents the expected number of observations in a random selection of x genes; Count represents actual observations; Size is the number of genes on the array that are assigned to the KEGG term; Term is the short description of the pathway. 
No. Patient Diagnosis WHO Age (years) Sex Serum MGMT Serum RASSF1A Serum p15INK4B Serum p14ARF Tumor MGMT Tumor RASSF1A Tumor p15INK4B Tumor p14ARF. 
The results of MGMT , RASSF1A , p15INK4B , and p14ARF methylation analysis in DNA isolated from serum or tumor of patients with non-glial tumors [meningiomas and metastatic central nervous system (CNS) cancers]. 
M and U stand for methylated and unmethylated promoter status, respectively, P patient, MC – lung metastatic brain cancer originating in the lungs, f female, m male, WHO WHO grading of brain cancers, n/a not available. 
Protein name Consequence of interaction on p53/MDM2 Ubiquitination by MDM2 Biological consequence of the interaction with MDM2 or p53 Reference. 
Clinical or epidemiological features N (%) a LINE-1 methylation levelmean (%) P -value. 
There is no significant relation between LINE-1 and any of the clinical or epidemiological features examined. 
% indicates the proportion of cases with a specific clinical or epidemiological feature. 
Molecular features N LINE-1 methylation level mean (%) P -value. 
Abbreviation: MSI=microsatellite instability. 
Baseline and tumour characteristics Stage I/II Stage III/IV P -value. 
Abbreviation: ASA=American Society of Anesthesiologists; CI=confidence interval; CRM=Circumferential resection margin. 
Independent t -test. 
? 2-test. 
Fisher's exact test. 
Log-rank (Mantle–Cox's) test. 
Baseline and tumour characteristics Synchronous metastasis group Metachronous metastasis group P -value. 
Abbreviation: CI=confidence interval. 
Independent t -test. 
? 2-test. 
Mann–Whitney U –test. 
Fisher's exact test. 
Log-rank (Mantle–Cox's) test. 
Baseline and tumour characteristics Recurrence group No recurrence group P -value. 
Abbreviations: AJCC=American Joint Committee on Cancer; CI=confidence interval. 
Independent t -test. 
? 2-test. 
Fisher's exact test. 
Log-rank (Mantle–Cox's) test. 
Baseline and tumour characteristics Low FOXO3 High FOXO3 P -value. 
Abbreviations: DFS=disease-free survival; FOXO3=Forkhead/winged-helix-box-class-O3. 
Independent t -test. 
? 2-test. 
Fisher's exact test. 
Log-rank (Mantle–Cox's) test. 
Gene Sub-Region 5?-UTR 3?-UTR Exon Antisense Cell Type Muscle FCL Muscle FCL Muscle FCL Muscle FCL. 
The total number of genes analyzed in each gene sub-region is indicated, with delineation of the number of genes in which the indicated sub-gene region (5? UTR, 3? UTR, or Exon) or antisense transcription was significantly upregulated or downregulated in each cell type in primary RC disease relative to controls. Only effective probesets were included in analysis of antisense transcripts to reduce noise, since the majority of antisense transcripts were not present in both cell types. UTR, untranslated region. FCL, fibroblast cell line. 
Matching Score Sequence Coverage Molecular weight (Da) pI. 
Ethanolamine-phosphate cytidylyltransferase Docking Score (kcal/mol) Macrophage-capping protein Docking Score (kcal/mol). 
M1: Mutation of acidic amino acid with alanine; M2: Mutation of basic amino acid with alanine; M3: Phosphorylation of tyrosine and threonine. 
Gene Sequences (5?3?). 
Oligonucleotide sequences used for qPCR. 
donor contribution prox. duct ( n , %) dist. duct ( n , %) prox. acinar (n , %) dist. acinar ( n , %). 
abbreviations: prox., proximal; dist., distal. 
Not every chimeric pancreas could be clearly assessed in all regions due to variations in mounting technique and limitations of confocal microscopy. Ambiguous samples were excluded from analysis. 
donor contribution prox. duct ( n , %) dist. duct ( n , %) prox. acinar ( n , %) dist. acinar ( n , %). 
donor contribution prox. duct ( n , %) dist. duct ( n , %) prox. acinar ( n , %) dist. acinar ( n , %). 
total ( n , %) duct only ( n , %) acinar only ( n , %) duct & acinar ( n , %). 
Domain Identity Number of mismatches Mismatch ¥ Position Substitution preference ¶   within LBS § beyond LBS §   . 
LBS (ligand-binding site) of the SH3 domain consists of 15 amino acid residues [38] ;. 
ITSN1 ? ITSN2;. 
for intracellular proteins according to Betts and Russell [42] ;. 
mismatch is not conserved in orthologues. 
D 0 n. 
Note. The values for D 0 and n are the 37% survival dose and number of targets, respectively. 
Dose (Gy) Day 0 Day 1 Day 3 Day 7. 
Note. The values in the parentheses indicate the rates of the number of each myeloid hematopoietic progenitor compared to Day 0. 
Dose (Gy) Day 0 Day 1 Day 3 Day 7. 
Note. The values in the parentheses indicate the composition ratios compared to Day 0. 
Expression profile of miRNA in different types of cancer. 
Gene symbol Insulin IGF Gene symbol Insulin IGF. 
Changes in gene expression in the OSE induced by 5 ?g/ml insulin or 5 ?g/ml IGF-I. 
Organoids were cultured for 3d in basal media or supplemented with insulin or IGF. RNA was isolated from collected OSE and reverse transcribed for analysis by cDNA transcription array. Data shown represent fold changes relative to insulin (n=2) after normalization to housekeeping genes. 
Study Agent Phase Patients Platinum sensitive (%) Response rate (%) Stable disease (%) mPFS (months). 
Prospective clinical trials of novel cytotoxic agents in EOC. 
Abbreviations: Cb, carboplatin; Cn, canfosfamide; EOC, epithelial ovarian cancer; Gim, gimatecan; Iri, irinotecan; IXA, ixabepilone; na, not available; nP, nab-paclitaxel; PLD, pegylated liposomal doxorubicin; PAT, patupilone; TOP, topotecan; PEM, pemetrexed; TR, trabectedin; mPFS, median progression-free survival. 
Trial Phase Treatment Patients RR (%) P PFS (m) P OS (m) P. 
Bevacizumab in the treatment of epithelial ovarian cancer. 
Abbreviations: BV, bevacizumab; CG, carboplatin-gemcitabine; CP, carboplatin-paclitaxel; NR, not yet reached; PFS, progression-free survival; m, month; OS, overall survival; RR, response rate. 
Medium Simulation name Ras conformation # of CG beads Simulation length (?s) Approx. Ras aggregation time (?s). 
sW and pW stand for the standard and polarized water models of MARTINI. Full-length H-ras was simulated in two different conformations (conf1 and conf2) whereas only a single conformation of the catalytic G-domain was used. 
Molecule DPPC DLiPC CHOL H-Ras. 
D for H-Ras before, during and after aggregation was calculated for time windows 40–160 ns, 3–8 µs (5–10 µs in the case of conf2) and 9–14 µs (11–16 µs in the case of conf2). Errors estimated from block averaging range between 0.0 and 1.8, the larger errors being for the early stages of the simulations. 
SHAM (N=10) SHAM+VAL (N=10) LVH (N=12) LVH+VAL (N=10). 
Values are expressed as mean ± SEM. SHAM, rats undergone left thoracotomy; SHAM+VAL, rats undergone left thoracotomy followed by administration of 10mg/kg/die Valsartan; LVH, rats undergone left thoracotomy and aortic banding with tantalum clip; LVH+VAL, rats undergone left thoracotomy and aortic banding with tantalum clip followed by administration of 10mg/kg/die Valsartan; BW, body weight; LVW, left ventricular weight; RVW, right ventricular weight; AW, left plus right atria weight; HW, whole heart weight; LW, lungs weight; LVEDD, left ventricular end-diastolic diameter; LVESD, left ventricular end-systolic diameter; IVSWth, interventricular septum wall thickness; PWth, posterior wall thickness; FS, fractional shortening. Analysis of variance for unpaired data was used to analyze results. *p<0,05 vs. all. 
SHAM (N=10) SHAM+VAL (N=10) LVH (N=12) LVH+VAL (N=10). 
Values are expressed as average ± SEM. SHAM, rats undergone left lateral thoracotomy only; SHAM+VAL, rats undergone left lateral thoracotomy and treated with valsartan 10 mg/kg/die; LVH, rats undergone aortic banding; LVH+VAL, rats undergone aortic banding and treated with valsartan 10 mg/kg/die; HR, heart rate; bpm, beats per minute; RR interval, length between two consecutive ventricular depolarizations; PVC, premature ventricular contractions; ms, milliseconds; mV, milliVolts. Analysis of variance has been used in data analysis. *p<0,05 vs. all; #p<0,05 vs. SHAM and SHAM+VAL. 
Spot # pI MW AverageRX Spot % Average AcetoneSpot % AverageMY Spot % Average MediaSpot % RX vs MYDifference RX vs MYT-test (p) RX vs MediaDifference RX vs MediaT-test (p). 
Reference spot numbering, pI, and MW are provided for polypeptide spots analyzed in samples RX, MY, and Media. The differences are calculated from spot percentages (individual spot density divided by total density of all measured spots). Polypeptide spots increased in MY and Media vs. RX by a fold increase of ?1.7 and p values <0.05 are shown in bold. Bold indicates down-regulation in samples treated with Rifaximin vs. MY or Media. Spots decreased in MY and Media vs. RX by a fold decrease of ? ?1.7 and p value <0.05 are in italics. Italics indicates up-regulated spots identified in samples treated with Rifaximin vs. MY or Media. Spot percentages are given to indicate relative abundance. Note that the p values are for n?=?2 gels/sample. A total of 1,164 spots were analyzed. 
Spot # Protein # of peptides used (%sequence Coverage) MS-Fit MOWSEScore MascotScore ExpectedValue. 
Spot # Protein # of peptides used (%sequence Coverage) MS-Fit MOWSEScore MascotScore ExpectedValue. 
Functional Group Protein Name (Spot Number, SwissProt Accession, Average Molecular Weight in Daltons). 
FC P -value Protein Name Gene Name. 
The protein spots that had significant differences in intensity between the control- and Pre-miR-376c-transfected HuCCT1 cells (down-regulation by more than 1.2-fold change, p ?0.011) are listed in proteomic analysis. FC: fold change. The GRB2 protein predicted by TargetScan as a target of miR-376c is shown in bold. 
Network property Cancer Random. 
Protein mutation efficacy. 
Targeted proteins and corresponding mutations that drive the network into a proliferative phenotype under normoxia and adequate nutrient supply. The efficacy of a mutation was defined as the fraction of initial states that are driven to the new phenotype. 
Protein mutation efficacy. 
Targeted proteins and corresponding mutations that enable the network to evade apoptosis induced by hypoxia. The efficacy of a mutation was defined as the fraction of initial states that are driven to the new phenotype. 
Strength Nature Protein interaction. 
Abbreviations: GFs, growth factors; NTU cells, non-transformed, unstressed (normoxia, adequate nutrient supply, undamaged DNA, mutation free, etc.), non-proliferating cells. 
Milk-derived miR Ref. miR function in metabolism Ref. 
Selected milk-derived miRs and their potential impact on metabolism. 
Cytogenetic classification FLT3-ITD status Mutations Overall risk profile. 
Risk stratification of AMLs according to the FLT3-ITD status. 
TKI Originally termed TKI generation Acts on T315I. 
Summary of the tyrosine kinase inhibitors and their effects on T315I. 
Results DASISION trial ENESTnd trial BELA trial Dasatinib Imatinib Nilotinib Imatinib Bosutinib Imatinib. 
Summary of the 12-month results of ENESTnd, DASISION, and BELA clinical trials that have recently demonstrated the superiority of second-generation TKI in terms of complete cytogenetic response (CCyR) and major molecular response (MMR) versus imatinib in first-line treatment of CML patients. 
Primers sets Annealing position Annealing T ° Fragments size. 
Primers sets used to amplify cDNA from exons 11–20 of PDGF ? R in EqS cells. 
T °: temperature; F: forward; R: reverse; bp: base pairs. 
Algorithm 10 Gene network 100 Gene network   AUROC AUPR Time (secs) AUROC AUPR Time (secs). 
Performance comparison of BVSA, (stochastic)MRA, SBRA and LMML algorithms along with the winners in the 10 and 100 gene categories ( [ 35 ] , [ 36 ] ) of the DREAM4 challenge. 
The results are shown in mean ± std format. The information regarding the performance of Kuffner et. al.’s algorithm on the 100 gene dataset is not available since they did not participate in the 100 gene category of the DREAM4 challenge. The execution times of Pinna et. al.’s amd Kuffer et. al.’s algorithms were not published and therefore not available. Unavailble information is shown by ‘NA’ in the table. 
Accession ID Number of hits Description. 
Results of screen performed by ProteinLinks. Number of positive hits, accession number and description of gene product are indicated. 
Class Name Structure Type. 
Chemical structure of ?-secretase inhibitors. 
Abbreviations: GSI, gamma-secretase inhibitor; DAPT, N-[N-(3,5-difluorophenacetyl)-L-alanyl]-S-phenylglycine t-butyl ester. 
Name Target Type of study Trial ID *. 
Clinical trials employing ?-secretase inhibitors in the treatment of breast cancer. 
Note:. 
clinicaltrials.gov. 
Abbreviations: ER, estrogen receptor; PR, progesterone receptor. 
Category Term Count Enrichment p-Value. 
Note: Count is number of genes involved. Fold Enrichment is (m/n)/(M/N), where N ?=?all genes in zebrafish, M ?=?all genes belonging to a GO term, n ?=?genes from the differentially expressed gene set, m ?=?genes from the differentially expressed gene set belonging to a GO term. 
Pathways Pathway ID P-value Gene counts. 
Note: Pathways indicated with asterisks are newly identified in the present study. 
Patient # and Diagnosis * P #1 DSRCT Pt #2 Wilms’Tumor Pt #3 Ewing’s sarcoma Pt #4 Ewing’s sarcoma Biopsy Timeline   Before IGF1R After IGF1R Before IGF1R After IGF1R+mTOR. 
Scoring intensity graded on a scale of 0 (no signal) to 3+ (high intensity). N-Nuclear,C-Cytoplasmic,P-Plasmalemmal. 
Plasmalemmal;. 
Thr 202/Tyr 204 [Nuclear]. 
Methodology Gene expression profiling Noncoding RNA profiling Genome binding/occupancy profiling Genome methylation profiling Genome variation profiling. 
Number of PCa-associated GEO series generated by microarray and NGS. 
Discoveries Method References. 
Summary of NGS-based studies on prostate cancer. 
Software Website Description References. 
The cloud computing software for NGS data analysis. 
Protein category Function. 
Known functions of the major proteins involved in the mammalian G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) signaling pathway as defined by the human gpDB [ 21 ]. 
Sequence Accession no. (JGI/NCBI) Length (aa) % EST coverage (?98% identity) No. of EST sequences EST coverage region (aa) (?98% identity) Culture treatment Reference. 
Expressed sequence tag (EST) data for the putative diatom G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs). 
N/A, not applicable. 
1 http://genome.jgi-psf.org/Psemu1/Psemu1.home.html . 
2Boissonneault KR, Bates SS, Milton S, Pelletier J, Housman DE: Gene discovery and expression profiling in the toxin (domoic acid)-producing marine diatom Pseudo-nitzschia multiseries (Bacillariophyceae) using cDNA microarrays, unpublished. 
3Krell A, Gloeckner G: Analysis of an osmotic stress induced cDNA library of the psychrophilic diatom Fragilariopsis cylindrus , unpublished. 
4 http://genome.jgi-psf.org/Thaps3/Thaps3.home.html . 
5 T. pseudonana GPCR1 had no corresponding EST data but the sequence was found to be upregulated during transcriptome profiling under silicon starvation conditions. 
Gene symbol Gene name Entrez gene ID Location Tumor sample. 
Candidate cancer genes identified in oligodendroglioma. 
Gene symbol No. of samples with mutations No. of unique samples Mutation frequency. 
Mutation frequencies of candidate cancer genes (COSMIC database). 
Tumor sample Histology Histology code LOH status MIB Index (%) Patient age Patient sex. 
Clinical information on the tumors analyzed by Optical Mapping. 
O II: Grade II; LOH: loss of heterozygosity. 
Developmental stages Significant DETs. 
Numbers of significant DETs identified from the microarray analysis. 
Expression pattern No. of transcripts Developmental stages investigated. 
Different patterns of differentially expression of transcripts where significant changes in expression level are evident in multiple developmental stages of A. aegypti. 
GO term Genes p-value. 
List of gene ontology (GO) terms significantly associated with the differentially expressed transcripts of A. aegypti during development. 
The numbers of significantly expressed genes associated with the GO terms are shown. The Fisher’s exact test p-values are shown for significance association with the specific GO term. 
Structure determination and refinement of RasGRP1CC. 
DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.00813.010. 
N ? H (kcal/mol) K D (?M) T (°C). 
Summary of ITC data for Ca2+ binding to RasGRP1. 
DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.00813.025. 
Characteristics Cases, n=125 Controls, n=200 P-value. 
Characteristics of cases and controls. 
SD, standard deviation; BMI, body mass index;. 
no surgery. 
Endometrioid adenocarcinoma + clear cell adenocarcinoma: two. Endometrioid adenocarcinoma + serous papillary adenocarcinoma: one. 
Genotype Cases, n=125 (%) Controls, n=200 (%) Crude OR (95% CI) Adjusted a OR (95% CI). 
MDM2 , TP53 , ESR1 and p21 genotypes and endometrial cancer risk. 
OR, odds ratio;. 
adjusted for age and BMI. 
Genotype No. of cases (%) No. of controls (%) Crude OR (95% CI) Adjusted a OR (95% CI). 
MDM2 and TP53 genotypes and endometrial cancer risk. 
OR, odds ratio;. 
adjusted for age and BMI. 
Type 1; endometrioid adenocarcinoma G1 and G2. 
Genotype  No. of cases (%) No. of controls (%) Crude OR (95% CI) Adjusted a OR (95% CI). 
Endometrial cancer risk for combined effect of MDM2 and TP53 genotypes. 
OR; odds ratio; CI; confidence interval. 
Adjusted for age and BMI. 
Type 1, endometrioid adenocarcinoma G1 and G2. 
Genotype  Cases, n=125 (%) Controls, n=200 (%) Crude OR (95% CI) Adjusted a OR (95% CI). 
Endometrial cancer risk for combined effect of MDM2 , TP53 , ESR1 and p21 genotypes. 
OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
Adjusted for age and BMI. 
Cell line MDM2 SNP309 TP53 codon 72 TP53 status. 
Genotype of endometrial cancer cell lines. 
Trial number (country) Indication Phase Study design Main results Publications (reference). 
Clinical trials of nimotuzumab in combination with radiation and chemoradiation in adult high grade glioma. 
Abbreviations: AA, anaplastic astrocytoma; DCR, disease control rate; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; GBM, glioblastoma; MSV, median survival; ORR, objective response rate; PFS, progression free survival; RT, radiotherapy; SVR, survival rate; SVR-24, survival rate at 24 months; TMZ, temozolomide. 
Trial number (country) Indication Phase Study design Main results Publications (reference). 
Clinical trials of nimotuzumab in combination with radiation and chemoradiation in pediatric high grade glioma. 
Abbreviations: DCR, disease control rate; DIPG, diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma; MSV, median survival; ORR, objective response rate; PFS, progression free survival; RT, radiotherapy. 
Anti-tumor PDT mechanisms. 
Major cell death mechanism activated by Photodynamic therapy (PDT). 
Cytochrome c release. 
Bcl-2 damage. 
NF?B damage. 
Beclin 1,. 
mTOR activation. 
Wild-type SETBP1 SETBP1 mutant P a. 
Clinical characteristics of myeloid malignancies with or without SETBP1 mutations. 
A Fisher's exact test was used to determine the P values, except where otherwise indicated. P values in multiple comparisons were evaluated by Bonferroni correction and statistically significant p values were indicated with bold font. 
A Wilcoxon test was used to calculate the P values. 
? Number (ratio) + Number (ratio) ++ Number (ratio) +++ Number(ratio) Total (ratio). 
Positive and negative number and ratio of Notch1 in NSCLC samples. 
Method Minimum input quantity a Strengths Weaknesses. 
Abbreviations: ChIPSeq, chromatin immunoprecipitation sequencing; UTR, untranslated region. 
Cost per sample is highly variable depending on the platform and on the amount of multiplexing utilized. 
May vary by platform and approach. 
May require polyA RNA- or rRNA-depleted total RNA. 
Disease Discovery cohort ( N) Validation cohort ( N) Method Platform Mean coverage depth ( X) Highlights Year Reference. 
Abbreviations: ALL, acute lymphocytic leukemia; AML, acute myelogenous leukemia; BL, Burkitt's lymphoma; ChIPSeq, chromatin immunoprecipitation sequencing; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; ETP ALL, early T-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia; FL, follicular lymphoma; HCL, hairy cell leukemia; MCL, mantle cell lymphoma; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; MethylSeq, methylation sequencing; MM, multiple myeloma; MPN, myeloproliferative neoplasms; mRNASeq, messenger RNA sequencing; NHL, non-hodgkins lymphoma; NR not reported; PCNSL, primary central nervous system lymphoma; SMZL, splenic marginal zone lymphoma; WM, Waldenströms macroglobulinemia. 
Platforms: GAII, GAIIx, HiScanSQ and HiSeq2000 are from Illumina, Genome Sequencer FLX from 454 Sequencing Roche and SOLiD from Life Technologies. 
Indicates significant pathway enrichment. 
Purpose of analysis Results. 
Applications of INS-GAS mouse model. 
Model Incidence Duration Location Phenotype. 
Mouse models of gastric cancer. 
Model Duration Phenotype. 
Mouse models of precancerous changes. 
Gene Location Lineage tracing in the stomach. 
Promoters for establishing gene expression in the stomach. 
Target Drugs. 
Molecular targeted agents for gastric cancer and their target. 
Author/Ref. Type of study N Selected by EGFR positive Type of chemo % RR TTP months OS months. 
Phases II and III of cetuximab combined with chemotherapy for advanced GC in first-line setting. 
a PFS. 
Author Type of study N Selected by EGFR Line of treatment Treatment % RR TTP months OS months. 
Clinical Trials with anti-EGFR agents (non-cetuximab) in advanced GC and GEJ cancers. 
a PFS. 
Author Type of study N Line of treatment Treatment % RR TTP months OS months. 
Clinical trials with anti-HER-2 agents: T and L. 
Author Type of study N Line Type of chemo % RR TTP mos. OS mos. 
Clinical trials with anti-VEGF agents for advanced GC and GEJ cancers. 
Author Type of study Line N Type of chemo % RR TTP months OS months. 
Clinical trials with everolimus in previously treated patients with GC. 
* Non-statistically significant. 
Author/Study/Ref. Type of study Year Molecular agent. 
Summary of clinical trials. 
Delivered drugs Nanomaterials Reference. 
Examples of nanoparticles delivered anti-cancer drugs. 
Nanomaterials Model Delivered molecule Reference. 
A summary of NPs-mediated autophagy in cancer treatment. 
Markers for activated stromal fibroblasts in tumours. 
Markers detecting activated fibroblast populations in CAFs. CAFs consist of both activated and non-activated fibroblasts in the tumour-associated stroma. Several different markers, such as ?-SMA [ 18 , 33 ], tenascin-C (TN-C) [ 34 ], periostin (POSTN) [ 30 , 35 ], neuron-glial antigen2 (NG2) [ 21 ], PDGFR?/? [ 24 , 36 ], fibroblast activated protein (FAP) [ 14 , 37 ], palladin [ 39 ] and podoplanin [ 40 ] are reported to be useful for detecting activated stromal fibroblast populations in CAFs. 
Genes and the signal pathways Inhibitors Effects. 
Inhibitors targeting genes and the signalling pathways relevant to the CAF-based cancer therapy. FAP-based CAF-targeting therapeutic approaches using their neutralising antibodies [ 86 , 87 , 88 , 89 ], inhibitors [ 90 , 91 , 92 ], prodrugs [ 93 , 94 ] and DNA vaccine [ 81 , 95 ] showed attenuation in tumour growth via improving tumoural immune response in different experimental mouse tumour models. SDF-1-CXCR4, HGF-Met, Shh-Smo, PDGF-PDGFR and TGF?-TGF?R signalling pathways or HA ECM protein have been reported to mediate the CAF-tumour(stroma)cellinteractions. Inhibition of these genes and signalling pathways using small molecule inhibitors [ 8 , 49 , 55 , 82 , 83 , 84 , 96 , 97 , 98 , 99 ] and neutralising antibodies [ 10 , 23 , 49 , 54 , 96 , 98 , 100 ] has shown attenuation in tumour growth, tumour progression and/or neoangiogenesis, as well as improvement in innate drug resistance, interstitial fluid pressure (IFP) and/or intratumoural drug delivery. 
+ Clinical trial study, * Preclinical study. 
Gene Forward Primer (5' to 3') Reverse Primer (5' to 3'). 
Primers for qPCR. 
CDH1 *: codes for E-cadherin. 
Primary antibodies Reference Lot ChIP IF WB TMA. 
Antibodies for ChIP, western blot, immunocytochemistry, and immunohistochemistry. References, quantities and working dilutions are indicated. IF: immunofluorescence, WB: western blot, TMA: tissue microarray. 
Biological function Gene name (symbol) Number of MM cells lines with methylation Methylation frequency in primary MM samples Poor prognosis Reference. 
List of reported hypermethylated genes in multiple myeloma. 
Chemical class HDAC inhibitor Reported targets. 
List of commonly used HDAC inhibitors. 
Drug Drug Combination with Myeloma patients Response Reference. 
Overview of clinical trials with epigenetic modulating agents in MM. 
CR: complete response; VGPR: very good partial response; PR: partial response; MR: minimal response; SD: stable disease; CTA: cancer testis antigen; CTL: CD8+ cytotoxic T-lymphocyte. 
High cFLIP High XIAP High Bcl-2 family Failed hypothesis. 
Cells marked in grey do not overexpress any of the anti-apoptotic proteins studied. 
Particle size (nm) a Polydispersity index Encapsulation effciency (%) b Loading capacity (?g/mg). 
Particle size, polydispersity index (PDI), entrapment effciency, and drug-loading capacity of SF NPs and SF-LY NPs as detected by dynamic light scattering (DLS). 
Notes:. 
Data represent mean ± SEM from three independent experiments;. 
effciency expressed as a percentage mean of three determinations ± standard deviation of drugs recovered in NPs compared with theoretical drugs loaded in the generated formulations. 
Abbreviations: LY, LY294002; N/A, not applicable; NPs, nanoparticles; SEM, standard error of the mean; SF NPs, surfactant-free NPs; SF-LY NPs, surfactant-free NPs loaded with LY. 
Protein Kinase IC50 (nM)  p110 p85 ?ic  H1047R E545K p110? H1047R E545K p110? H1047R E545K p110?. 
ND?=?no signal detected. 
Lipid Kinase IC50 (nM)  H1047R E545K p110?. 
Variable Overall series ( n = 305) TERT promoter mutated n = 179 (59%) TERT promoter non-mutated n = 126 (41%) P -value. 
AFP, alpha-fetoprotein; HBV, hepatitis B; TERT, telomerase reverse-trancriptase. 
*Expressed as number (%) and analysed using the ? 2-test (group size of >5) with Yates’ continuity correction or Fisher’s exact test (group size of ?5) except for multiple variable comparisons ( ? 2-test two sided). P -values were adjusted for multiple comparisons using Monte–Carlo resampling. 
†Expressed in months (median, 25th and 75th percentile) and analysed using the Kruskall–Wallis test. 
‡Patients treated by surgical curative resection (R0) with available follow-up were included in the survival analysis ( n =260), and survival analysis was performed using the log-rank test. 
Skin cancer TGF- ? uPA/uPAR. 
Role of??TGF- ? and uPA in human skin cancer. 
Chromosomal loci Candidate genes Sample size Design Population References. 
Examples of ASD-associated chromosomal loci and candidate genes from GWAS . 
Genes CNV/SNV Sample size Design Population References. 
Examples of ASD-associated human genetic variations . 
Mouse Molecular function Phenotype Suggested mechanism References   Social interaction Social communication Repetitive behavior Other phenotypes  . 
ASD models with chromosomal abnormality . 
Mouse Molecular function Phenotype Suggested mechanism Potential therapeutics Syndrome References   Social interaction Social communication Repetitive behavior Other phenotypes    . 
Syndromic ASD models . 
Mouse Molecular function Phenotype Suggested mechanism Potential therapeutics References   Social interaction Social communication Repetitive behavior Other phenotypes   . 
Synaptopathy ASD models . 
Mouse Molecular function Phenotype Suggested mechanism Potential therapeutics References   Social interaction Social communication Repetitive behavior Other phenotypes   . 
Non-synaptopathy ASD models . 
Gene Cytogenetic location Mechanism of carcinogenesis Frequency in squamous cell cancer Frequency in adenocarcinoma Novel agents Clinical trial number Study phase. 
Targetable genes and ongoing clinical trials in squamous cell carcinoma of the lung . 
RSK1 RSK2 RSK3 MSK1 MSK2. 
Amino acid homology among human RSKs . 
The homology of amino acids was compared with each isoform of human RSKs. The sequences were obtained from human protein reference database, http://www.hprd.org . 
Mouse/human RSK1 RSK2 RSK3 MSK1 MSK2. 
Amino acid homology among RSK orthologs between human and mouse . 
The homology of amino acids was compared with each isoform of RSK orthologs between human and mouse. The amino acid sequences of mouse RSKs were obtained from National Center for Biotechnology Information, http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/protein . 
Substrate Phosphorylation site Function in cancer. 
RSK2 substrates and cellular function in cell proliferation and transformation . 
PIKE isoforms Interacting proteins Functions. 
Significant hypotheses in submodel Hypotheses in submodel Significant hypotheses Total number of hypotheses Significance (hypergeometric distribution) Concordance/richness. 
Notes: RCR results for the over-representation analysis of hypotheses in the three CPN-associated models. RCR scored each set of significantly regulated genes (4 lists of genes in total: 2, 4, 6, and 8 hours) against the full set of hypotheses (>2000) from the Selventa Technology Platform. 
Cell line Cell type IC 50 Est. (SE) P value 1. 
IC 50 of Irradiation in non-transfected human breast cell lines. 
1The p value is based on the comparisons relative to MCF10A group for each cell line. 
Cell line Vector IC 50 Est. (SE) P value 1. 
IC 50 of irradiation in breast cancer cell lines with CDK2 or CDK4 knockdown. 
1The p value is based on the comparisons with pLKO.1 group within each cell line. 
Cell line Vector 6?hr 12?hr 24?hr     Mean* std P-value† Mean std P-value† Mean std P-value†. 
Comparison of BrdU between control (pLKO.1) and treatment (shCDK4) groups. 
* Mean (standard deviation) of the fold change to no radiation. 
† P-value is for comparing in the mean fold change no radiation between control and treatment groups. 
Cell line Vector 0?Gy 2?Gy 4?Gy Mean* std P-value† Mean std P-value† Mean std P-value†. 
Comparison of phospho-Histone 3 between control (pLKO.1) and treatment (shCDK4) groups. 
* Mean (standard deviation) of % of phospho-Histone 3 positive cells. 
† P-value is for comparing in the mean between control and treatment groups in each irradiation dosage. 
Cell line Vector 6?hr 12?hr 24?hr Mean* std P-value† Mean std P-value† Mean std P-value†. 
Comparison of ?-H2AX between control (pLKO.1) and treatment (shCDK4) groups. 
* Mean (standard deviation) of the fold change to no radiation. 
† P-value is for comparing in the mean fold change no radiation between control and treatment groups. 
Genes   Enrichment P -value Pathway Source In Pathway Tested AMD-Associated Empirical Adjusted. 
Note: AAMD, advanced age-related macular degeneration;. 
information on BioCarta pathways exists at: http://www.biocarta.com ;. 
information on KEGG pathways exists at: http://www.genome.jp/kegg/pathway (MAPK: hsa04010);. 
information on STKE pathways exists at: http://stke.sciencemag.org (JNK MAPK: CMP_10827; p38 MAPK: CMP_10958). 
‘MAPK’ pathways from BioCarta and KEGG include constituents of the 4 major MAPK cascades (JNK MAPK, p38 MAPK, ERK1/ERK2, ERK5). Empirical P -values for pathway interval enrichment were obtained from permutation test applying 100,000 iterations. Enrichment P -values were adjusted for multiple testing, as described in the Methods section. 
SNP Feature  OR (95%CI)     Symbol SNP Ref. Alleles Cohort 1 Cohort 2 Cohort 3 ORmeta P meta. 
Note: Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were computed, respectively, in Cohort 1/2/3 with age-, sex-, and smoking-adjusted logistic regression models comparing 675/227/275 people with advanced AMD (AAMD) to 512/198/314 of their AMD-free peers, aged >65 years at the time of genotyping. Participants from Cohort 1 were examined at the University of Michigan Ann Arbor. Those in Cohort 2 were examined at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. Those in Cohort 3 were examined at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. Alleles are listed as minor|major. 
Only SNPs significant at P ?0.002 were considered as AAMD-related in the pathway analysis. In most cases dominant models of inheritance (grouping minor allele homozygotes with heterozygotes) yielded strongest relationships – ORs reported here are from analyses using this model, with the exception of that for NR2C2 (here the additive model was used). Table S3 contains allelic frequencies of variants in this table. 
SNP Feature    SymbolPathway SNP Reference Location Regulatory Element Conserved. 
Note: DNase, DNase hypersensitivity cluster; ENH, histone enhancer mark; Int., variant resident in intron; JNK, genes present in STKE JNK MAPK Pathway (see Tables 1 and S4 ); PRO, histone promoter mark; RPE, retinal pigment epithelial cell; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism; SYN, synonymous coding variant; UTR, untranslated region. 
Annotations marked with an asterisk are for qualities of sequence variants in nearly complete linkage disequilibrium (r2?0.80) with the AAMD-associated variant in the SNP column. Full names of genes represented by gene symbols exist at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gene . Information on regulatory features was obtained from HaploReg ( www.broadinstitute.org/mammals/haploreg/ ). Pathway:. 
KEGG MAPK Signaling Pathway;. 
BioCarta MAPK Signaling Pathway;. 
STKE JNK MAPK Pathway;. 
STKE p38 MAPK;. 
BioCarta p38 MAPK Pathway. 
expressed genes Nurses vs. vg knockdowns Nurses vs. Methoprene bees Nurses vs. Reversion bees Nurses vs. Foragers Nurses vs. Winter bee pools  exp. data qPCR exp. data qPCR exp. data qPCR exp. data qPCR exp. data qPCR. 
There was a very good correlation between the experimental data and the qPCR in all comparisons apart from nurse bees versus vg knockdowns. Omitting this data point gave a correlation of 0.93435774 for the rest of the genes in this comparison. 
Nurses Foragers Methoprene bees vg knockdowns Reversion bees Winter bees. 
Sample Gene name GB number Fold change. 
Comparison between worker phenotypes, only expressed genes with a fold change above 2 was considered. Abbreviations: F (foragers), N (nurse bees), Wb (winter bees). 
AZA (100nM) DAC (10nM) CD34+ (CB) Gene name Genomic position Genomic feature CpG no. Methylation Expression Methylation Expression Methylation Expression. 
( ) shows methylation or expression value from mock-treated SKM-1 cells. 
Indicates probes located outside CGI. 
Gene Forward Reverse  Restriction Site Sequence Restriction Site Sequence. 
Nanoparticle Size (nm) PDI Zeta Potential (mV) Loading (%) EE (%)     Gemcitabine DZNep Gemcitabine DZNep. 
Name Primer sense Sequence (5??3?) Amplification product (bp). 
The sequence of the forward primer and reverse primer used for fluorescent quantitative PCR assays. 
No. Network GO processes Total nodes Seed nodes P value. 
Transcriptional regulated networks analysis of curcumin affected genes by MetaCore. 
Unigene Symbol Forward primer Reverse primer Fold change Affy. Q-PCR. 
qRT-PCR primer sequences and measurements for the potential curcumin-related genes analyzing by Affymetrix Chip. 
Genotype Abnormal Invagination (L4 Stage) Pvl (Adult). 
ND, not done; n, number of animals examined. 
Cell Fate Marker RNAi Vulval Cell Type    A B1/2 C D E F n. 
Percentage of vulval cells having GFP fluorescence are shown. A, C, D, E, and F refer to the presumptive vulval cell fates vulA, vulC, vulD, vulE, and vulF, respectively. vulB1, and vulB2 are listed together as B1/2. L4440 refers to control RNAi animals. RNAi, RNA interference; n, number of animals examined; ND, not done. 
EEA Rab7  Pearson's Coefficient Manders' Coefficients Pearson's Coefficient Manders' Coefficients   M1 M2  M1 M2. 
M1: fraction of green fluorescence (IL15 or IL15R?) overlapping with red fluorescence (EEA or Rab7). 
M2: fraction of red fluorescence (EEA or Rab7) overlapping with green fluorescence (IL15 or IL15R?). 
Tumor ID Age Gender Localization Comment Survival (months). 
Relevant clinical patient data concerning age (at time point of surgery), gender (M?=?male; F?=?female), tumor localization, further information (if provided) and survival in months (†?=?patient died; bold?=?patient still alive on January 25th 2013) are summarized. 
Target Forward Primer Reverse Primer. 
cell line success cell line success cell line success  #1 #2  #1 #2  #1 #2. 
A comparative overview on the success of cell line establishment from the fresh and vitally frozen tumor material; successful cell line establishment is indicated by a check mark. 
HROG02 HROG05 HROG06 HROG17 HROG36  tumor #1 #2 tumor #1 #2 tumor #1 #2 tumor #1 #2 tumor #1 #2. 
Relevant molecular features of the original tumor in comparison to the cell line pairs are displayed. The methylation status of the MGMT promoter is given as PMR value and marked with an M?=?methylated or U?=?unmethylated. The gene amplification rate of the EGFR is given as a multiple of the normal diploid status (?=?1). Mutation status of the genes TP53, IDH 1 and 2, K-Ras and B-Raf are termed wt (?=?wildtype) if no mutations were detected. Mutations are indicated by the position with the wt amino acid in front and the amino acid resulting from the mutation behind. 1PMR value, 2 methylation status, 3 amplification rate. 
cell line TMZ (IC50) [µM] BCNU (IC50) [µM] Vincristine (IC50) [nM] Imatinib (IC50) [µM]  #1 #2 #1 #2 #1 #2 #1 #2. 
Calculated IC50 values for all cell line pairs and substances tested are listed. 
GENE PRIMER SEQUENCES. 
S.No. Age/ Sex Clinicopathological descriptions PAK2 MAP1B RABL3 RAP2A GAB1 MLCK2 MYOT CALPAIN7 BAX TRAF6 PDCD7 DFFB. 
F: Female; M: Male; RB: Retinoblastoma; PD: Poorly Differentiated; MD: Moderately Differentiated; WD: Well Differentiated; UD: Un-Differentiated; CI: Choroid Invasion; ON: Optic Nerve; UR: Up-regulation above 1 fold change (Log 2 ratio); DR: Down-regulation above 1 fold change (Log2 ratio); NS: Not Significant fold change. 
The penetrance of lethality, sterility and Pvl phenotype of ndk-1 mutant worms. 
Epistasis analysis performed between vulval determination genes and ndk-1. 
ndk-1 shows a genetic interaction with both ksr-1 and ksr-2. 
GTPase superfamily subdivisions Effector binding proteins Crystal structures GTPase effector protein/effector domain crystal structures Arf subfamily      . 
ACC, antiparallel coiled-coil; ArfBD, Arf-binding domain; ASH, ASPM/SPD-2/Hydin; BAR, Bin1/Amphiphysin/Rvs167; C, C-terminus; CRIB, Cdc42/Rac interactive binding; FERM, 4.1 protein/ Ezrin /R adixin / Moesin ; GAT, GGA and Tom1; GBD, GTPase-binding domain; GRIP, Golgin-97/RanBP2alpha/Imh1p/p230/golgin-245; LF, leucine finger; LZ, leucine zipper; N, N-terminus; PDZ, PSD-95 and ZO-1; PH, pleckstrin homology; RBD, Ras-binding domain; RhoBD, Rho-binding domain; RUN, RPIP8/UNC-14/NESCA; spPH, split PH; ZF, zinc finger. Numbers in brackets denote Pubmed IDs (PMIDs). 
Strain PD at Start* PDs Achieved† Control VX-745 %‡ SB203580 %‡ BIRB 796 %‡. 
Life Span of Fibroblasts Grown in the Presence or Absence of p38 Inhibitors. 
Notes: PD = population doubling; SD = standard deviation. 
*Reported PDs of cell strain when they were obtained from Coriell Repository. 
†Total PDs achieved (this includes PDs at start plus PDs achieved during these growth experiments). 
‡The percentage increase in replicative capacity is determined with reference to starting PD, for example, for AG06234, the replicative capacity increase using VX-745 is (41.6 PDs ?15 PDs)/(36.8 PDs ?15 PDs) = 1.22 or a 22.0% increase in experimental replicative capacity. 
§All ataxia-telangiectasia and rad3-related (ATR)-Seckel cultures are grown in triplicate. 
||Probability that this is same as for normal cells; z test. 
Treatment COC GV GVBD MI MII   (n) (%) (%) (%) (%). 
Dose–response effect of the GM-CSF on nuclear maturation of bovine oocytes matured in vitro. 
GV Germinal Vesicle, GVBD Geminal Vesicle Break-Down, MI metaphase I. 
MII metaphase II. (*) Indicate significant differences between treatments (P?<?0.05). 
(There were 3 replicates for this experiment). 
Treatment COC Type I Type II Type III   (n) (%) (%) (%). 
Effect of the GM-CSF factor on the type of cortical granules dispersion (cytoplasmic maturation) of in vitro matured bovine oocytes. 
a,b,c Different superscripts within columns indicate significant difference (P?<?0.05). 
(There were 4 replicates for this experiment). 
Treatment Oocytes (n) Cleavage (%) Blastocysts day 7 (%) Blastocysts/ cleavage day 9 (%) Blastocyst/ oocytes day 9 (%) Embryonic nuclei (n). 
Fertilization and embryo development rates from bovine oocytes in vitro matured in TCM, SOF or SOF supplemented with 100 ng/ml of GM-CSF. 
a,b Different superscripts within columns indicate significant differences (P?<?0.05). (There were 4 replicates for this experiment). 
% Unbudded % Budded . 
Log-phase cultures of the indicated cell types were incubated at 37°C for 24 hours or 4 hours in liquid medium, 150 RPM. DIC images of the cultures were analyzed for mother and daughter cell morphology. For 4 hour cultures, a sufficient number of cells (nt) was examined to identify comparable numbers of budding cells (nb). Abnormal buds included those that were non-round or had wide bud necks, and mother cells with multiple buds or buds that were abnormally large (>75% of the size of the mother cell). 
Strain Genotype Source. 
Parameter Total Cilnidipine Amlodipine. 
Patient characteristics. 
Data are shown as the no. of patients (%) or the mean ± SD. Abbreviations: BMI: body mass index. 
Parameter Total Cilnidipine Amlodipine. 
Baseline data. 
Data are shown as the no. of patients (%) or the mean ± SD. Abbreviations: Cr: creatinine, eGFR: estimated glomerular filtration rate, CKD: chronic kidney disease, HbA1c: hemoglobin A1c, BP: blood pressure, PR: pulse rate. *eGFR: calculated with the “Modified Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) formula” modified by the Japanese Society of Nephrology 21 . **Stage of CKD: defined according to the Clinical Practice Guidebook for Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Kidney Disease 2009 20 . 
Time-point N Total N Cilnidipine N Amlodipine . 
UACR* at 3, 6, 9, and 12 months of treatment. 
* UACR: Urinary albumin to creatinine ratio. Data are expressed as mg/g. ** Analysis of covariance considering stratification factors of randomization was used for examining the difference means of the change in the log-transformed UACR at each time point. Multiplicity was not considered. 
Medication Total Cilnidipine Amlodipine. 
Pretreatment medications. 
ARB: angiotensin receptor blocker, ACE: angiotensin-converting enzyme. 
Cilnidipine Amlodipine. 
Adverse events. 
Abbreviations: AV: atrio-ventricular, BUN: blood urea nitrogen, BS: blood sugar. See abbreviations in Table 2 . 
Directedness (?cos?/n) Speed(µm/hr) Medium EF(V/m) N Mean s.e.m SD Mean s.e.m SD. 
SYBR green primers Gene Forward primer (5?-3?) Reverse primer (5?-3?). 
CXCL1 CXCL2 CXCL3 CXCL5 CXCL6 CXCL8 CCL20 VEGFA COX-2 IL-6 IL-24. 
The data is presented as fold decrease compared to untreated control CAF. 
Cell or tissue type miR ID(s) Origin Strain Expression Results Mechanism(s) Reference. 
miRNAs implicated in LN pathogenesis. 
Abbreviations: H: human; M: mouse; R: rat. 
?: increased expression; ?: decreased expression. 
? -SMA: ? -smooth muscle actin; API: apoptosis inhibitory protein; CRP: C-reactive protein; DNMT: DNA methyltransferase; GFR: glomerular filtration rate; IFN: interferon; IL: interleukin; IRAK: IL-1 receptor-associated kinase, IRF: interferon regulatory factor; NZB/W: New Zealand Black/White; PBMCs: peripheral blood mononuclear cells; pDC: plasmacytoid dendritic cell; SNP: single-nucleotide polymorphism; PDCD: programmed cell death; SLE: systemic lupus erythematosus; SLEDAI: SLE Disease Associated Index; STAT: signal transducer and activator of transcription; TGF- ? : transforming growth factor- ? ; TTP: tristetraprolin. 
Mfn2 expression in tumor tissue     Clinicopathological factors Number ( n = 90 ) Low ( n = 59) High and moderate a ( n = 31) p- value. 
Correlation of Mfn2 expression (IHC) with clinicopathological factors in gastric cancer. 
Because there were only three samples of tumor tissue with strong staining (+++), we classified it into the same group with moderate staining (++);. 
Significant at the p < 0.05 level;. 
Sixth Edition of the American Joint Committee on Cancer. All data were analyzed by the Chi-square test. 
Factors Number ( n = 90) Univariate analysis a p -value Multivariate analysis b  HR (95%CI) p -value. 
Univariate and multivariate analyses regarding overall survival in 90 gastric cancer patients. 
Univariate analysis was performed by Kaplan-Meier analysis model and the log-rank test. Variables of p < 0.10 in the univariate analysis were enrolled into a multivariate analysis;. 
Multivariate analysis was performed by the Cox proportional hazards model with the forward likelihood method;. 
Degree of differentiation: ring cell carcinoma was included in the poor differentiation group;. 
Sixth Edition of the American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
Ligand STAT References. 
IL-6 Family cytokine demonstrated to act through the JAK-STAT pathway. 
Study # Tissue samples Technique Key findings p -value. 
Overview of key associations between Hh signaling and clinicopathological parameters in PCa. 
Abbreviations: RP, radical prostatectomy; PCa, prostate cancer tissue; N, normal tissue; mPCa, prostate cancer metastasis; HGPIN, high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia; BPH, benign prostate hyperplasia; HNPC, hormone-naïve prostate cancer; HTPC, hormone-treated prostate cancer; HRPC, hormone-refractory prostate cancer; CT, chemotherapy; ST-ADT, short-term androgen deprivation therapy; LT-ADT, long-term androgen deprivation therapy; IHC, immunohistochemistry; qPCR, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. 
Spot No. Protein name Accession No. Calculate Mw/ p I Peptide matched Sequence covered % MASCO T score Biological process. 
Summary of differential proteins identified by LC-MS/MS analysis. 
Patient No. Sex Age Hsp27 staining score        Cholesteatoma a Retroauricular skin b. 
Statistical characteristics of patients with cholesteatoma and the staining scores of HSP27 for the twelve patients. 
Paired t -test:. 
p < 0.05. 
Lycopene content [mg/100 g wet basis] Source. 
Lycopene content of common fruits and vegetables [ 16 , 26 , 27 ]. 
Lycopene content (mg/100 g) ± SD Source. 
Lycopene content of various tomato products (according to Tonucci et al . [ 33 ]). 
Author Year Strain Tumour model Lycopene formulation and source Outcome. 
Animal models investigating the effect of lycopene on prostate cancer. 
Author Year Patients Follow-up Lycopene formulation and source Outcome. 
Randomized controlled clinical trials analysing the effects of lycopene on the prevention of prostate cancer. 
Author Year Patients Follow-up Lycopene formulation and source Outcome. 
Randomized controlled clinical trials analysing the therapeutic effects of lycopene in prostate cancer. 
miRNA Roles in BCSCs. 
Roles of different miRNAs in BCSCs. 
Time A549 H358 SKLU-1 H23 PC14. 
The IC50 values (µM) of each cell line, determined by SRB assays. Each experiment was performed in triplicate. 
Gene name Gene bank sequences product size (bp). 
First author (ref.) Year Analysis method Number of malignant lesions / BRAF+ PTC FVPTC FTC HCC ATC MTC. 
Studies, analysis method, number of malignant lesions and results of BRAF detection in FNA pre-operative. 
FNA, fine-needle aspiration; PTC, papillary thyroid carcinoma; FVPTC, follicular variant of papillary thyroid carcinoma; FTC, follicular thyroid carcinoma; HCC, Hürthle cell carcinoma; ATC, anaplastic thyroid carcinoma; MTC, medullary thyroid carcinoma; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; MASA, mutant allele-specific amplification; DPO, dual-priming oligonucleotide; RFLP, restriction fragment length polymorphism; SSCP, single-strand conformational polymorphism; FMCA, fluorescence melting curve analysis. 
First author (ref.) Year Markers used. 
Distribution of studies according to the types and quantity of markers used in panel with the BRAF gene. 
No mutation in the samples selected. 
Only one mutation present in the sample. 
First author (ref.) Total of FNAs Indeterminate or suspicious lesions / PTC number Indeterminate or suspicious lesions / BRAF+. 
Distribution of studies according to number of thyroid papillary carcinomas in the indeterminate or suspicious cytological samples and the number positive for BRAF mutation. 
Not determined. FNA, fine-needle aspiration; PTC, papillary thyroid carcinoma; FVPTC, follicular variant of papillary thyroid carcinoma. 
Twist2  HIF-1? (+) (?) Cases. 
Correlation analysis of Twist2 and HIF-1? expression in human ovarian cancer tissues. 
Indicates the co-expressed cases of Twist2 and HIF-1?. ?2 =5.61, r=0.451, P<0.05. HIF-1?, hypoxia-inducible factor-1?. 
Category Upregulatedgenes FC Function Downregulated genes FC Function. 
bold: genes with fold-change >1.5 in log2 scale; regular: genes with fold-change ?1.5 in log2 scale. 
Frequency of NQO1 and NQO2 Polymorphisms in Nodular Hyperplasia and Papillary Thyroid Microcarcinoma. 
NQO1, NAD(P)H:Quinone Oxidoreductase 1; NQO2, NRH:Quinone Oxidoreductase 2; NH, nodular hyperplasia; PTMC, papillary thyroid microcarcinoma. C/C: wild type NQO1. C/T: heterozygote C609T missense variant of NQO1. I29: 29 basepair insertion polymorphism of NQO2. D: 29 basepair deletion polymorphism of NQO2. 
*The NQO1 polymorphisms of 25 cases of 73 NH and 45 cases of 170 PTMC were not able to be assessed. 
†Two cases of PTMC showing the I29/I16 genotype were not included. 
‡Pair-wise comparisons from the Pearson ?2 test. 
§Comparisons of three or four groups using linear by linear association. 
Impact of NQO1*2 on Clinicopathological Parameters of Study Patients with PTMC. 
NQO1*2, The NAD(P)H:Quinone Oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) C609T missense variant; NH, nodular hyperplasia; PTMC, papillary thyroid microcarcinoma; SD, standard deviation. 
*Independent samples t-test. 
†Pair-wise comparisons from the Pearson ?2 test. 
Multivariate Analyses of the Association of Extra-Thyroidal Extension with NQO1*2 in Patients with PTMC. 
N.I., not included in the multivariate analysis for extra-thyroidal extension; CI, confidence interval; NQO2, NRH:Quinone Oxidoreductase 2; PTMC, papillary thyroid microcarcinoma; OR, odd ratio. 
Impact of NQO2 Polymorphism on Clinicopathological Parameters of Study Patients with PTMC. 
NQO2, NRH:Quinone Oxidoreductase 2; PTMC, papillary thyroid microcarcinoma; SD, standard deviation; ANOVA, analysis of variance. 
*One-way ANOVA test. 
†Comparisons of three or four groups using linear by linear association. 
Multivariate Analyses of the Association of Lymph Node Metastasis with I29/I29 Alleles in Patients with PTMC. 
PTMC, papillary thyroid microcarcinoma; CI, confidence interval; OR, odd ratio. 
Component No. Reaction No. 
Hallmark Implementation References (PudMed). 
DR4_5 indicates a component-entity in the model containing DR4 and DR5. P-IGF1R means the phosphorylated form of receptor protein IGF1R and P-IGF1R:IGF1 the complex of ligand receptor binding. P–KDR_dimer means the phosphorylated form of dimerized receptor KDR. TNF: tumor necrosis factor; TNFRSF1A (B): tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, member 1A (B); IGF1R: insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor; IGF2: insulin-like growth factor 2; BCL2L1: BCL2 like 1; BCL2: B-cell CLL/lymphoma 2; MCL1: myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1; FAS: Fas (TNF receptor superfamily, member 6); FASLG: Fas ligand (TNF superfamily, member 6); TNFSF10: tumor necrosis factor (ligand) superfamily; member 10; DR4_5: death receptor 4 and 5; BAX: BCL2-associated X protein; BAK1: BCL2-antagonist/killer 1; PMAIP1: phorbol-12-myristate-13-acetate-induced protein 1; BBC3: BCL2 binding component 3; EIF4E: eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E; MAX: MYC associated factor X; PCNA: proliferating cell nuclear antigen; KDR: kinase insert domain receptor; GM-CSF: granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; TIMP: TIMP metallopeptidase inhibitor; CD36: CD36 molecule; THBS1: thrombospondin 1; MMP: matrix metallopeptidase 3. 
Reaction Biochemical presentation Kinetic rate law Parameter Value. 
G: Gene; m: mRNA; P: Protein; S: Substance. A and B stand for different location. 
CT Comparison Tumor + COX-2 siRNA State Tumor State. 
The effect of drug NS-398 is now composed of the effect of inhibit1-4. 
treatment Urea (mmol/L) Creatinine(µmol/ml) ALAT (U/L) ASAT (U/L)  2 d 10 d 2 d 10 d 2 d 10 d 2 d 10 d. 
All activities except complex IV (k/min/mg) are expressed as nmol/min/mg. Values are means ± SEM. 
Curcumin in Traditional Medicine and Modern Scientific Applications. 
Chemical Name Common Name Physicochemical Properties Molecular Mass (g/mol) Melting Point (°C) Solubility in Hexane or Ether Solubility in Alcohol or Acetone. 
The Properties of Curcuminoids. 
Bacteria Refs. 
Toxicity Effect of Curcumin Against Bacteria, Parasites and Viruses. 
Location of Curcumin Dose Detection Level Model Route Refs. 
Biodistribution of Curcumin in Human, Rat and Mice Model with Different Doses and Administration Routes. 
Authors Reference Drug Patients Tumor Drug dose Outcomes. 
Clinical trials of antiangiogenic agents and integrin inhibitors in combination with radiotherapy. 
Abbreviations: HGGs, high-grade gliomas; RT, radiotherapy; TMZ, temozolomide; PFS-12, 12-month progression-free survival; OS-12, 12-month overall survival; GBM, glioblastoma; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; HFSRT, hypofractionated stereotactic radiation; FSRS, fractionated stereotactic radiosurgery; PFS-6, 6-month progression-free survival. 
Authors Reference Drug Patients Tumor Drug dose Outcomes. 
Clinical trials of EGFR and mTOR inhibitors in combination with radiotherapy. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; GBM, glioblastoma; EIAED, enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drug; RT, radiotherapy; OS, overall survival; TMZ, temozolomide; PFS, progression-free survival; HGGs, high-grade gliomas; PFS-12, 12-month progression-free survival; OS-12, 12-month overall survival; GS, gliosarcoma; FSRS, fractionated stereotactic radiosurgery; BSG, brainstem glioma; STMG, supratentorial malignant glioma; SD, Stable Disease. 
curve D0 Dq N SF2 SER. 
D0, mean lethal dose; Dq, quasithreshold dose; N, extrapolation number; SF2, surviving fraction at 2Gy; SER: sensitivity enhancement ratio;. 
: P: 0.003,. 
: 0.002. 
Characteristics  NSCLC (N?=?160)   Number % SIX3 Expression p value. 
ECOG PS: Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status. 
Variable  Hazard Ratio 95% CI p value. 
Category Names Major functions References. 
Overview of the different angiogenic factors. 
Therapeutic goal Diseases Definitions/symptoms Reference. 
Clinical manipulation of angiogenesis. 
Inhibiting angiogenic process Antiangiogenic compounds Mechanism of action. 
Antiangiogenic compounds and their mechanism of action (adapted from references [ 2 , 92 – 102 ]). 
Inhibiting target Drug Sponsor Clinical trials/mechanism References. 
Selected angiogenesis inhibitors in clinical trials. 
Important FoxO1-regulated target genes in the pathogenesis of acne. 
FoxO1 interaction with regulatory proteins and transcription factors. 
Impact of FoxOs in the regulation of mTORC1 activity. 
nFoxO, nuclear FoxO; cFoxO, cytoplasmic FoxO; LAT, L-type amino acid transporter. 
Proposed terminology Pathogenesis/definition. 
Classification of hypereosinophilia. 
Note: Adapted from J Allergy Clin Immunol , 130(3), Valent P, Klion AD, Horny HP, et al. Contemporary consensus proposal on criteria and classification of eosinophilic disorders and related syndromes, 607–612.e9. Copyright (2012), with permission from Elsevier. 7. 
Abbreviation: WHO, World Health Organization. 
Proposed terminology Pathogenesis/definition. 
Classification of syndromes and conditions accompanied by hypereosinophilia. 
Note: Adapted from J Allergy Clin Immunol , 130(3), Valent P, Klion AD, Horny HP, et al. Contemporary consensus proposal on criteria and classification of eosinophilic disorders and related syndromes, 607–612.e9. Copyright (2012), with permission from Elsevier. 7. 
Abbreviation: WHO, World Health Organization. 
Fusion gene/mutation (molecular) Cytogenetic abnormality. 
Recurrent molecular abnormalities detected in myeloproliferative neoplasms with eosinophilia. 
Note: For an exhaustive list of fusions, see supplemental tables in Medves and Demoulin. 12. 
Abbreviations: PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; PDGFRA, PDGFR alpha polypeptide; PDGFRB, PDGFR beta polypeptide; FGFR1, Fibroblast growth factor receptor 1; FIP1L1, FIP1 like 1 (S. cerevisiae); ETV6, ets variant 6; CCDC6, coiled-coil domain containing 6; ZMYM2, zinc finger, MYM-type 2; CEP110, centriolar coiled coil protein 110 kDa; JAK2, Janus kinase 2; PCM1, pericentriolar material 1; CBFb, core-binding factor, beta subunit; BCR, breakpoint cluster region; ABL1, c-abl oncogene 1, non-receptor tyrosine kinase . 
Hematopoietic neoplasms with hypereosinophilia: comparison between WHO-based definitions and a provisional working definition for morphologic disease variants. 
Note: Adapted from J Allergy Clin Immunol , 130(3), Valent P, Klion AD, Horny HP, et al. Contemporary consensus proposal on criteria and classification of eosinophilic disorders and related syndromes, 607–612.e9. Copyright (2012), with permission from Elsevier. 7. 
Abbreviations: WHO, world Health Organization; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; PDGFRA, PDGFR alpha polypeptide; PDGFRB, PDGFR beta polypeptide; FGFR1, Fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 ; MPN, myeloproliferative neoplasms; CML, chronic myeloid leukemia; SM, systemic mastocytosis; AML, acute myeloid leukemias; MDS, myelodysplastic syndromes; JAK, Janus kinase; CBFB, core-binding factor, beta subunit; FLT3, fms-related tyrosine kinase 3 . 
Author, year Number of patients treated with imatinib Responses FIP1L1-PDGFRA. 
Published reports of imatinib in hypereosinophilic syndrome with PDGFR alteration. 
Abbreviations: PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; PDGFRA, PDGFR alpha polypeptide; PDGFRB, PDGFR beta polypeptide; CR, complete response; PR, partial response; NA, not applicable; FIP1L1, FIP1 like 1 ( S. cerevisiae ). 
TNF Independent NF-?B Activity in the Epithelium. 
*TNF independent in the presence of normal LT function NF-?B signaling in the skin can at times be paradoxical. Both increased and decreased function of NF-?B can lead to proliferation of skin keratinocytes. TNF receptor signaling is one factor that can determine the outcome. Nevertheless there is TNF receptor independent signaling of NF-?B that is important in the proliferative state of the keratinocyte. 
Number of cells with Golgi localization of UBIAD1 Total numberof cells The percentage of Golgi localization (%) MeanValue (SD) Manders Coefficients (M1, M2). 
0 h stored fruit 24 h stored fruit RNA class counts percentage of total counts percentage of total. 
a, 3ADT is the 3? adaptor. 
b: The Fragaria ananassa mRNA were downloaded from http://www.rosaceae.org/projects/strawberry genome/v1.0/genes/fvesca v1.0 genemark hybrid.fna.gz. 
c: Rfam(V 10.0) were downloaded from ftp://ftp.sanger.ac.uk/pub/databases/Rfam/9.1/ . 
d: Repeat-repbase (V13.12)were downloaded from http://www.girinst.org/repbase/update/index.html . 
miR_name miR_seq raw_0 h raw_24 h norm_0 h norm_24 h log2(24 h/0 h). 
Alignment Alignment Cleavage   Rep_Norm miR_name Targets score range site Category P-value reads Annotation mdm-miR160a,e gene16844-v1.0-hybrid 1 1956–1976 1967 0 4.62E-03 14 auxin response factor 16. 
Characteristic Threshold level. 
Threshold levels to define metabolic syndrome [ 100 ]. 
$Abdominal obesity is given as waist circumference. 
Type of cancer Obesity Diabetes mellitus type 2 Men Women Men and women. 
Effects of obesity and diabetes mellitus type 2 on risk of different types of cancer. 
The increased relative risks and the 95% confidence limits, in brackets, are given. For obesity, the relative risk ratio is per 5?kg/m2 increase in weight [ 19 ]. 
Ligand IR-B?:?IR-B IR-A?:?IR-A IR-A?:?IR-B IGF-IR?:?IGF-IR IGF-IR?:?IR-B IGF-IR?:?IR-A. 
Affinities of insulin, IGF-1, and IGF-2 for homodimers and heterodimers of isoform A (IR-A) and isoform B (IR-B) of the insulin receptor and type I IGF receptor (IGF-IR). 
$Affinities are taken from or are estimated from the different relative affinities reported in [ 92 , 100 – 102 , 104 , 310 ]. *The affinities reported for the hybrid between type I IGF receptor and isoform A of the insulin receptor are discrepant. 
Chemical class Compound Source other than Dionaea muscipula Biological properties Reference. 
Listing of molecules present in Dionaea muscipula Solander ex Ellis . 
n.d., non-defined . 
Chemical class Compound Trial name Disease Status Identifier. 
Clinical trials involving natural compounds present in Dionaea muscipula Solander ex Ellis . 
The table was generated by using data available from the website http://clinicaltrials.gov. 
GROUP LVEDP (mmHg) LVDP (mmHg) +dP/dt (mmHg/s) ?dP/dt (mmHg/s) Coronary Flow (ml/min/g). 
Data were acquired after 30 min aerobic perfusion (at a fixed heart rate of 420 bpm). Data are means±S.E.M. There were no significant differences in baseline (pre-ischemic) functional measures between groups. LVEDP, left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; LVDP, left ventricular developed pressure; dP/dt, differential of ventricular pressure development or relaxation over time. 
Molecular and Cellular Functions P -Value Range No. of Genes. 
Functional groupings of transcripts differentially modified by SLP in normoxic tissue (also shown are P-values, and numbers of involved genes). Groupings from IPA analysis are categorized into molecular and cellular functions, physiological system development and function, and disease and disorder (complete functional gene grouping data can be found in Table S3 ). 
ID Top Functions Molecules In Network Score Focus Molecules. 
Molecular and Cellular Functions P -Value Range No. of Genes. 
Functional groupings of transcripts differentially modified by SLP in post-ischemic tissue (also shown are P-values, and numbers of involved genes). Groupings from IPA analysis are categorized into molecular and cellular functions, physiological system development and function, and disease and disorders (complete functional gene grouping data can be found in Table S4 ). 
ID Top Functions Molecules In Network Score Focus Molecules. 
PKC? RasGRP1 C1 domain RasGRP3. 
Value from [9] . 
Values represent the mean ± SEM of four independent experiments. 
Value represents the mean ± SEM of three independent experiments. 
TMRE(#) CaspACE™(#) TUNEL(&) MTT(?) Cell Line DMSO I3A fold DMSO I3A fold DMSO I3A fold IC 50   (100 nM) increase  (100 nM) increase  (100 nM) increase . 
TMRE, the percent of cells incapable of assimilating TMRE is shown. 
CaspACE, the percent of cells showing activated caspases is shown. 
TUNEL, the percent of cells showing nuclear DNA fragmentation is shown. 
MTT, the concentration of I3A that caused 50% inhibition of viable cell accumulation was calculated by linear regression. 
for TMRE and CaspACE assays cells were treated with 100 nM I3A for 4 days, except RL and Toledo were treated for 24 hr. 
&, for TUNEL assay cells were treated with 100 nM I3A for 7 days, except RL and Toledo were treated for 2 days. 
average of two experiments. 
average of three experiments. 
Rec1 cells do not stain with TMRE [25] . 
Genes up-regulated during HCC Gene name Gene Function Activation by Reference. 
Genes upregulated during HBV-induced Hepatocellular Carcinoma. 
Genes Down regulated during HCC: Gene Gene name Activated by Function Reference. 
Genes down regulated during HBV induced hepatocellular carcinoma. 
Target gene Representative transcript Gene name Conserved sites Poorly conserved sites. 
Top 25 predicted miR-21 target genes as for Targetscan 6.2. 
Samples Number of cases Pearson correlation miR-21/KRIT1 p value. 
Analysis of KRIT1 and miR-21 expression in primary breast tumors. 
The Veer data  . 
Top 10 TF binding profiles with significantly different activities between ER+ and ER- breast cancer samples in the Veer and the Wang datasets. 
The “Location” column shows the percentile of genes at which the maximum deviation is observed. TF binding profiles with a FDR<0.25 are highlighted in bold. 
Tumor (38) versus normal (28): FDR <0.05. 
TF binding profiles with significantly different activities between breast tumor and normal breast tissues. 
Lab_Cell line_TF_Condition P-value Adjusted P value Hazard ratio 95% CI P-value Adjusted P value Hazard ratio 95% CI. 
TF binding profiles that are significantly correlated with survival of patients with breast cancer (the Vijv dataset). 
The hazard ratio and 95% confidence interval (CI) are calculated using cox proportional hazards model with single variable or multiple variables. In the multiple cox regression model, ESR (Estrogen receptor status) and Posnodes (lymph node status) are included as variables together with the inferred TF activity scores. 
Symbol Value Unit Description. 
Model parameters. 
Abbreviation ‘mlcl’ denotes the number of molecules per cell. 
Protein levels Gate type Bax tot Bcl-x L tot Bad tot  . 
Apoptotic gate types resulting from considered Bcl-2 family protein levels. 
Levels of total Bcl-xL and Bad are assumed constant while the level of total Bax is dynamically regulated. 
Macro-parameter definition Value Unit Description. 
Macro-parameters governing steady-state solution levels. 
Abbreviation ‘mlcl’ denotes the number of molecules per cell. 
Gate OR. 
Algebraic conditions for outputs of the OR gate. 
Input in the format { i,j } denotes p 53killer = i × 2 × 105, Akt u = j × 2 × 105. It is assumed that m 3 ? m 4. 
Gates AND and AND*. 
Algebraic conditions for outputs of the AND and AND* gates. 
Input in the format { i,j } denotes p 53killer = i × 2 × 105, Akt u = j × 2 × 105. It is assumed that m 3 ? m 4. 
  Epithelial-like   Mesenchymal-like     Capan-2     BxPC-3       Mia PaCa-2     PANC-1   Colony formation (Ratio/CT) Colony area (?m 2 ) Migration (number of cells) Senescent cells (%) Tumour mass (mg) Colony formation (Ratio/CT) Colony area (mm 2 ) Tumour mass (mg) Colony formation (Ratio/CT) Colony area (mm 2 ) Migration (number of cells) Senescent cells (%) Tumour mass (mg) Colony formation (Ratio/CT) Colony area (mm 2 ) Tumour mass (mg). 
FGFR3 impact in pancreatic tumour cell lines. 
Cells were transduced to obtain 70% of transduced cells as analyzed by flow cytometry. For colony formation assays, 500 cells were plated in 10 mm dished in triplicates. Dishes were processed for violet crystal staining and blind counted. Colony areas were measured with Image J software. Senescence was detected as indicated in the methods section. Senescence was not detectable in BxPC-3 and PANC-1 cells. Results are reported as means?±?SD except for tumour masses?±?SEM. *: p?<?0.05 **: p?<?0.01 ***: p?<?0.001 as compared to control. Ratio/CT: results are expressed as ratio over the control condition. ND: not done. 
Target molecules Inhibitors. 
List of inhibitors used in this study. 
ID Age Gender ENSAT 2008 Stage Metastasis Diameter Hormonal profile Recurrence. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of patients. 
Diverse clinical and pathological characteristics of adrenocortical cancer (n?=?7) patients selected for the study, is shown. ENSAT 2008 Staging: European Network for the Study of Endocrine Tumors; Y?=?Yes, N?=?No, F?=?Female, M?=?Male. 
Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Regulatory proteins of symbiosis in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Stress response proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Antioxidant and redox-protective proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Proteins of cellular apoptosis in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Microbial symbiosis and pathogenicity proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Regulatory and related proteins of viral pathogenicity in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Proteins homologous to bacterial toxins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
Gene sequence UniProt toxin accession Animal with closest homology. 
UniProt-predicted homologues of animal venom proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Proteins of the chemical defensome in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Epigenetic and DNA-remodelling proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
A. digitifera Rab protein Cnidarian encoding Rab homologue. 
Distribution of Rab homologues of Aiptasia puchella , Hydra magnipapillata and Nematostella vectensis in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence GenBank Accession Genome encoded homologue. 
Synaptotagmin proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Planula and early developmental proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
1 NA KEGG orthology designation not assigned. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Neuronal and sensory proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Calcification and Ca 2+ -signalling proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Plant-derived proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
Proteins of nitrogen metabolism in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
(Excluding amino acid and pyrimidine/purine nucleotide synthesis or metabolism). 
      Gene sequence KEGG Orthology Encoded protein description. 
DNA repair proteins in the predicted proteome of A. digitifera. 
ProbesetIDs T1-CT T2-CT T3-CT B1-CT B2-CT B3-CT Gene Title Gene Symbol   * * * * * *    . 
Probsets associated with T CD8 + leukemias. 
Results are presented in log base 2. A positive deviation of 4 and above and a negative deviation of 4 and below means a fold-change of 4. Values comprised between 0,585 and ?0,585. 
*ratio T-CT and B-CB: mean of the deviation of T1, T2 and T3/T control value and mean of the deviation of B1, B2 and B3/B control value. 
Characteristics Sam68 levels P values Sam68 localization R values P values   Low High   Nuclear Cytoplasm    . 
Correlation between clinicopathologic features and Sam68 expression levels and localization. 
  Primer Fragment generated size Sequence Tm (°C). 
List of primers used for PCR amplification and DNA sequencing. 
F: Forward primer; R: Reverse primer. 
  HPV 16 variants N T109C A131G G132T C143G G145T C285G T286A A289G T295G T325C C335T T350G A403G A442C Predicted substitution   HPV16 Reference   T A G C G C T A T T C T A A  . 
Characterization of HPV16 E6 variants and their lineage classification. 
Sequence alterations relative to the E6 open reading frame (ORF) of the reference HPV16 sequence [ 35 ]. For subclasses, the number and the letter represent the nucleotide change at that position. Lower case represents a nucleotide change at that position without an amino acid change. Capital letters indicate variants with an amino acid change. In the ‘Predicted substitution’ column, the letter preceding the amino acid position refers to the reference HPV16 sequence and the letter after it refer to the substitution. Dashes indicate no variation. * Total cases harboring the point mutation. EUR: European lineage, AFR: African lineage, NA: Nord American lineage. 
Clinical stage N E Af NA E350G E350G/442C E-G350/G145 Ep Af1 Af2 NA1. 
Distribution of HPV16 E6 variants according to clinical stage. 
Patients’ age N E Af NA E350G E350G/442C E-G350/G145 Ep Af1 Af2 NA1. 
Distribution of HPV16 E6 variants according to patients’ age. 
Differentiation N E Af NA E350G E350G/442C E-G350/G145 Ep Af1 Af2 NA1. 
Correlation between malignant phenotype and HPV16 E6 variants. 
Cancer type N M/F Age (years) Weight (lbs) Ascorbic acid, post (mM) Ascorbic acid, pre (mM) Ascorbic acid, minimum pre (mM). 
Characteristics of cancer patients from the clinic database selected for data analysis: number of subjects, sex, age range, weight range, and average ascorbate concentrations before and immediately after the first 15 gram IVC infusion. 
Type of cancer Grade, score PSA before PSA after Days of treatment Number of treatments Percentage of improvement. 
The characteristics of patients with prostate cancer from the clinic database with values of PSA before and after treatment, number of treatments, duration of treatments and percentage of improvement. 
Type of cancer % of CRP change % of TM change Type of cancer % of CRP change % of TM change. 
Relation between changes in CRP levels and changes in tumor markers (TM) after IVC therapy. 
Data excluded several cases of aggressive tumors when the changes in CRP and tumor markers were higher than 300%. 
BTK inhibitor Stage of development Disease(s) IC 50 Reference. 
BTK Inhibitors in preclinical and clinical development. 
NR not reported. 
Name Chemical class Formula Target Number AML trials Open/Total + Azacytidine open/Total. 
Selected histone deacetylase inhibitors. 
Chemical structures from http://www.chemspider.com . 
Patent document Target gene Method based on. 
Selected strategies using epigenetic tools for leukemia diagnostic as proposed in the International Database for Patents of Inventions. 
Patent document Compound Proposed function. 
Selected compounds proposed as epigenetic tools for leukemia treatment according to the International Database for Patents of Inventions. 
Syndrome Gene Mutation Clinical characteristics. 
Genetic and clinical profiles of the 41 patients diagnosed with Noonan syndrome and Noonan-related syndromes. The syndrome column shows the clinical diagnosis of the patients; the gene column contains each gene; the mutation column contains the pathogenic alteration in the product of the genes; and the clinical characteristics column shows the most relevant clinical features of each patient, including age and gender, and tegumentary involvement is in brackets. Note that patients with no tegumentary involvement are indicated in bold. 
Xe: xeroderma, P: photosensitivity, HL: excessive hair loss, OU: recurrent oral ulcers, CH: curly hair, N: nevus, Cr: markedly increased palmar and plantar creases, FH: follicular hyperkeratosis, PH: palmo-plantar hyperkeratosis, CAL: café-au-lait spots, SE: sparse eyebrows, Le: lentigines, Ke: keloid scars, HS: hyperpigmentation of the skin, NP: nasal papilloma, GH: the early onset of gray hair, CM: cutis marmorata, TH: thin hair. 
Condition N R in Capacitance. 
Change in passive membrane properties, input resistance (R in ) and membrane capacitance, measured in 14 DIV neurons. These are the membrane properties for those cells reported in Figure 4 . *p ? 0.05 compared to mock or #p ? 0.05 compared to each appropriate RNAi condition with a one-way ANOVA followed by an independent student’s t -test. All other comparisons are not significant. 
CR-containing plates CR concentration (mg/L) T. reesei parent strain colony diameter (mm) Percentage of reduction ( versus no CR addition) T. reesei ?tmk3 colony diameter (mm) Percentage of reduction ( versus no CR addition). 
Transcription factor MAPK phosphorylation sites. 
Ingredients Concentration. 
Perfusion solution I preparation: The following reagents are dissolved in distilled water and then the pH is adjusted to 7.5. 
The buffer is sterile filtered and stored at 4 °C. If the solution is not prepared freshly, re-check the pH value at 37 °C immediately before the isolation procedure and adjust if necessary. 
Supplement Final concentration. 
A recommended hepatocyte culture medium. 
This medium is based on Williams’ E medium with the following supplements. 
Ingredients Concentration. 
Krebs Henseleit buffer preparation. 
The following reagents are dissolved in distilled water and then the pH is adjusted to 7.4. The buffer is sterile filtered and stored at 4 °C. 
Reagents Amount (ml). 
EGTA buffer composition for liver perfusion. 
Reagents Amount (ml). 
Collagenase buffer composition for liver perfusion. 
Reagents Amount (ml). 
Suspension buffer composition for resuspension of primary hepatocytes. 
Plate format Confluent condition amount of cells (×106) Media (ml/well). 
Correct medium volumes and cell seeding densities for confluent cultures isolated hepatocytes suspension. 
Distance Bins Structural Location Average odds of regulation SD ±. 
Odds of gene regulation based on distance and location of NF-?B/RelA ChIP-Seq peaks with respect to the gene TSS. 
The odds of regulation are computed as ratio of frequencies of observing a given location in NF-?B/RelA ChIP-Seq peaks divided by frequencies of observing such location if peaks were randomly placed in the genome, separately for the positive and negative strands. Then, average and standard deviation was computed using data from both strands. Note that as our data includes both false positives and false negatives, the reported ratios are likely conservative estimates showing minimum possible values. ‘N/A’ indicates the cases where there was not enough data to allow estimating odds of regulation. 
De novo motif enrichment. 
Shown are the nine top motifs from de novo analysis of 500-nt sequences from 4195 of NF-?B/RelA ChIP-Seq peaks (representing the highest 20% significance scores). Column 1, the Weblogo for the 11 nt de novo motif search; 2, motif name; 3, motif rank according to MEME; 4, the corrected empirical P -value computed by us (green indicates enrichment, red indicates depletion); 5 and 6, percentage and number of motif occurrences within Alu repeats; 7 Alu repeat enrichment; 8, P -value for Alu enrichment (green) or depletion (red); 9 and 10, enrichment of DNase hypersensitive sites (Genome Browser OpenChromSynth_K562_DNase track) and its P -value; 11 and 12, enrichment of CpG islands (Genome Browser CpG Islands track) and its P -value. 
Entrez ID Symbol Gene title Breast tumor data Lung tumor data EMT correlation ( t -statistic) Overall rank EMT correlation ( t -statistic) Overall rank. 
Top gene correlates of EMT phenotype in human breast and lung tumors. 
Notes: Using the gene expression datasets and canonical EMT markers highlighted in Figure 1 , the Pearson’s correlation of the expression of each gene in the dataset with the EMT score was computed, the top 50 genes being presented here. Overall ranking is based on the 12,722 unique genes represented in the breast dataset (U133A gene array platform). 
Genes marked with an asterisk are from Figure 1 . 
Abbreviations: EMT, epithelial–mesenchymal transition; ID, identification number; ATPase, adenosine triphosphatase; RNA, ribonucleic acid; LPS, lipopolysaccharide. 
Site of metastasis % metastasis p value  NT RNAi PKC? RNAi . 
Inflamed mucosa Serrated lesion Adenoma N % N % N % . 
Clinicopathologic data of the colorectal lesions analyzed. 
Tissue type APC 1 K-Ras 1 B-Raf 1 CTNNB1 1 Total 2. 
Gene mutation frequency in the colorectal lesions analyzed. 
Number of samples with mutations/total number of samples (in parenthesis the percentage of samples carrying the corresponding gene in the mutated form). 
The total mutation frequency is expressed as the number of samples carrying at least one of the four genes in the mutated form/total number of samples (in parenthesis the percentage of samples carrying at least one of the four genes in the mutated form). 
APC mutation frequency is significantly higher in adenomas than in inflamed mucosa ( p < 0.05, Fischer's exact test). 
B-Raf mutation frequency is significantly higher in serrated lesions than in inflamed mucosa ( p < 0.01, Fischer's exact test). 
Total gene mutation frequency is significantly higher in serrated lesions as well as in adenomas than in inflamed mucosa ( p < 0.001, Fischer's exact test). 
Tissue type Wnt pathway 1 Ras-Raf-MEK-MAPK pathway 2 . 
Frequency of genetic alterations affecting the Wnt or the Ras-Raf-MEK-MAPK pathway in the colorectal lesions analyzed. 
Number of samples with an altered APC and/or CTNNB1 gene/total number of samples (in parenthesis the percentage of samples carrying an altered APC and/or CTNNB1 gene). 
Number of samples with an altered K-Ras and/or B-Raf gene/total number of samples (in parenthesis the percentage of samples carrying an altered K-Ras and/or B-Raf gene). 
The frequency of genetic alterations affecting the Ras-Raf-MEK-MAPK signaling pathway is significantly higher than that affecting the Wnt pathway ( p < 0.001, Pearson's ?2 test). 
Location of 1 Wnt pathway Ras-Raf-MEK-MAPK pathway . 
Anatomical location of the colorectal lesions with an altered Wnt or Ras-Raf- MEK-MAPK pathway. 
The location of two serrated lesions and four adenomas was unknown. 
The frequency of genetic alterations affecting the Wnt signaling pathway is significantly higher than that affecting the Ras-Raf-MEK-MAPK signaling pathway in adenomas arising in the distal colon ( p < 0.05, Fischer's exact test). 
The frequency of genetic alterations affecting the Ras-Raf-MEK-MAPK signaling pathway is significantly higher than that affecting the Wnt signaling pathway in serrated lesions arising in the proximal colon ( p < 0.01, Pearson's ?2 test). 
Tissue type Dysregulation in NGF signaling Cellular response Ref. 
Dysregulation of nerve growth factor (NGF) signaling in different cancers. 
Gene Alterations Frequency in (%)  Human Hamster (BOP-treated). 
Gene alterations in pancreatic cancers in humans and hamsters [ 34 - 60 ]. 
LOH: loss of heterozygosity. 
Compounds Mechanistic categories Ref. 
Chemopreventive agents of N -nitrosobis(2-oxopropyl)amine (BOP)-induced pancreatic carcinogenesis in hamsters. 
Drugs combinations CI value ±SD  50% 70% 90%. 
CI values for the drugs combinations at 50, 70 and 90% growth inhibition of T24 cells. CI<0.9 represents synergy, CI values between 0.9 and 1.1 indicate additive activity, and CI>1.1 represents antagonism. 
Benign Borderline (Uncertain Malignant Potential) Malignant. 
Histological classification of exocrine pancreatic epithelial tumors [ 143 ]. 
Serous cystadenoma. 
Mucinous cystadenoma. 
Intraductal papillary-mucinous adenoma. 
Mature teratoma. 
Mucinous cystic tumor with moderate dysplasia. 
Intraductal papillary-mucinous tumor with moderate dysplasia. 
Solid-pseudopapillary tumor. 
Severe ductal dysplasia-carcinoma in situ. 
Ductal adenocarcinoma. 
Mucinous noncystic carcinoma. 
Signet-ring-cell carcinoma. 
Adenosquamous carcinoma. 
Undifferentiated (anaplastic) carcinoma. 
Mixed ductal endocrine carcinoma. 
Osteoclast-like giant-cell tumor. 
Serous cyst adenocarcinoma. 
Mucinous cyst adenocarcinoma. 
Noninvasive. 
Invasive. 
Intraductal papillary-mucinous carcinoma. 
Noninvasive. 
Invasive (papillary-mucinous carcinoma). 
Acinar cell carcinoma. 
Acinar-cell cystadenocarcinoma. 
Mixed acinar- endocrine carcinoma. 
Pancreatoblastoma. 
Solid pseudopapillary carcinoma. 
Miscellaneous carcinomas. 
Growth Factors Pancreatitis Pancreatic Carcinoma. 
Variability of growth factor expression in pancreatitis versus pancreatic carcinoma. 
Ref.  [ 7 ]* [ 6 ]* [ 43 ] [ 31 ] [ 32 ] [ 27 ] [ 1 ]* Tumor Type. 
Genes or regions with the most characteristic genetic alterations in glioma subtypes. * % are calculated on a mixture of primary and secondary glioblastoma. LOH: loss of heterozygosity; PA: Pilocytic Astrocytoma. 
HSF1 HSF2 HSF3 HSF4. 
HSF main characteristics. 
NC: Normal conditions; HS: Heat shock; ND: Not determined. 
HSF HSF Positive/Negative Regulators of interest in cancer Effect on HSFs. 
HSF regulation in cancer. 
Breast Cancer Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Small-cell Lung Cancer. 
Cardiac Hormones Ability to Eliminate Human Cancer Growing in Athymic Mice. 
The numbers in each column are the percentages of human cancers which are eliminated and never recur in the primary site in athymic mice when treated with each of the cardiac hormones for 28 days at 3 nM/kg body weight/minute. Abbreviations: VDL = vessel dilator, LANP = long acting natriuretic peptide, ANP = atrial natriuretic peptide, and KP = kaliuretic peptide. 
Cancer Type Cell Surface Markers Ref. 
Representative Cell Surface Markers for Human Cancer Stem Cells (CSCs). 
AML: Acute myeloid leukemia; CXCR4: Chemokine receptor 4; ESA: Epithelial surface antigen; ALDH: Aldehyde dehydrogenase 1A1; ?2?1: Integrin ?2?1; MYD88: Myeloid differentiation primary response protein Myd88. 
Cancer Type microRNA Potential Targets Ref. 
miRNAs Regulate the CSC Phenotypes. 
HMGA2: High mobility group AT-hook2; BMI1: BMI1 Polycomb ring finger oncogene; IL-6: Interleukin 6; SUZ12: Suppressor of zest 12 homolog; HES1: Hairy and enhancer of split 1; CDX2: Caudal type homeobox 2; GATA6: Gata binding protein 6; NLK: Nemo-like kinase 6; HDAC4: Histone deacetylase 4; DHFR: Dihydrofolate reductase. 
Variable Hazard Ratio for Metastasis (95% Confidence Interval) P value. 
Risk of metastasis among postmenopausal patients with ER-positive breast cancer treated with radical or conservative surgery plus radiotherapy and adjuvant tamoxifen. 
Experimental model Investigated agents Anticancer effects Reference. 
Breast cancer-initiating cells and potential therapeutics. 
Reduced mammosphere formation. 
Reduced mammosphere formation. 
Loss of serial transplantation capability. 
Reduced mammosphere formation. 
Reduced mammosphere formation. 
Inhibition of proliferation. 
Inhibition of tumor and metastasis formation in NOD/SCID mice. 
Reduced fraction of cells with stemness features. 
Delayed tumor growth and metastasis formation in NOD/SCID mice (when combined with docetaxel). 
Reduced fraction of cells with stemness features. 
Increased in vitro and in vivo sensitivity to irinotecan. 
Selective killing of BCIC population. 
Inhibition of tumor growth in vivo and metastasis formation. 
Induction of epithelial differentiation. 
Selective killing of BCIC population. 
Inhibition of tumor growth in vivo. 
Reduced invasion capability. 
Reduced mammosphere formation. 
Prevention of lung metastasis. 
Reduced expression of CD44 in BCICs in vitro and in vivo. 
Reduced transcriptional activity of CD44 protein. 
miRNA Target Altered in NSCLC Ref. 
miRNAs known to target epigenetic machinery and cisplatin resistance in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). 
Gene Comments Reference. 
Epigenetic modifiers with altered expression in in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). 
Gene Reference. 
Epigenetic Modifiers associated with cisplatin resistance in NSCLC. 
DUB Interaction partner or substrate DDR pathway Sensitisation References. 
The table lists DUBs that have been reported to be involved in the DNA damage response and checkpoint activities. 
Key interaction partners or substrates are summarised as well as the pathways in which each DUB has been described to be involved in. In addition, chemotherapeutic agents known to sensitise tumours cells depleted or over-expressing DUBs along with key references for supporting data are listed. Summary of DUBs involved in the DDR. 
ND Not determined. 
Target Orientation Sequence (5? to 3?). 
# Sample Gender Age Location Mutation Transactivation class ( * ). 
p53 transactivation function according to Soussi T et al. [22] . 
Cell line Drugs ChEH IC50 (nM) Vit E MLB AV UV 5,6-EC. 
The activity of ChEH was measured on intact cells. Cells were incubated with [14C]-5,6-EC (0.6 ?M, 20 ?Ci/?mol) and were treated with increasing concentrations of drugs ranging from 1 nM to 10 ?M over 24 h. IC50 represents the concentration of drugs required to inhibit 50% of ChEH activity. Cells were treated with 10 ?M Tam, 10 ?M OHT, 40 ?M PBPE, 10 ?M RU 39411 or 10 ?M RU 58668 in the presence (+) or in the absence (-) of 500 ?M Vit E for 48 h. Cells were analyzed by electron microscopy for the presence of multilamellar bodies (MLBs), autophagic vesicles (AVs), and unilamellar vesicles (UVs). About 100 cells per grid were observed for each condition. The sign + means that 80 % cells were positive and contained at least 5 vesicles otherwise they were considered as negative (-). The presence of 5,6-EC in cells was determined by GC/MS as described in the Methods section. 
Gene MAT Isoform Catalytic Subunit Regulatory Subunit Km for Methionine Expression Ref.  Healthy Liver HCC. 
MAT genes, isoenzymes, kinetics and expression patterns. 
Cell types Markers References. 
Molecular markers associated with neural stem cells, progenitors, and cancer cells. 
Trial Treatment (line) Patient number (with KRAS results) Initial Biomarker (retrospective marker) Overall Response rate (mt v wt KRAS with EGFRI) Overall PFS and OS (Hazard ratio) PFS wt KRAS: control vs. EGFRI (Hazard ratio) PFS mt KRAS: control vs. EGFRI (Hazard ratio) OS wt KRAS: control vs. EGFRI (Hazard ratio) OS mt KRAS: control vs. EGFRI (Hazard ratio) Rash. 
Randomized clinical trials of cetuximab and panitumumab in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. 
EGFRI = epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor; mt = mutant; wt = wild-type; IHC = immunohistochemistry; RR = response rate; PFS = progression free survival; OS = overall survival. 
Trial Patient Number Wt KRAS (%) Responders (%) Mt KRAS (%) BRAF mutation Association PTEN loss of expression Association PIK3CA mutation Association Other. 
Trials assessing downstream mutations in the EGFR pathway and resistance to the EGFR monoclonal antibodies. 
Res = responders; na = not assessed; NR = non-responder; Wt = wild type; mt = mutant; RR = response rate; PFS = progression free survival; OS = overall survival; mabs = monoclonal antibodies; Concordance = concordance between primary tumor and metastases. 
Functions Genes Polymorphisms Remarks Ref. 
Reported polymorphisms associated with female lung cancer risk. 
Drug Indication Treatment Clinical benefit. 
Clinical benefit from FDA-approved anti-EGFR agents. 
Abbreviations: BSC: best supportive care; MST: median survival time; NSCLC: non-small cell lung cancer; PSF: progression free survival; RR: response rate; SCCHN: squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck;. 
The approval of cetuximab and panitumumab in colorectal cancer was later amended to include only patients with wild-type KRAS;. 
The approval of gefitinib in NSCLC was later amended to include only patients who, in the opinion of their treating physician, are currently benefiting, or have previously benefited, from gefitinib treatment. 
Indication Trial Design Clinical Benefit [References]. 
Clinical benefit from controlled clinical trials with Nimotuzumab. 
Abbreviations: MST: median survival time; RR: response rate (complete and partial response); SV rate: survival rate; CRR: complete response rate; DCR: disease control rate (complete and partial response plus stable disease); PFS: progression free survival; OS: overall survival; HR: hazard ratio; PD: progressive disease; RTP: radiotherapy; CTP: chemotherapy. 
Product Type Target Indications Date of approved. 
Monoclonal antibodies approved by Food and Drug Administration (US) or European Medical Agency (EU). 
Target Antigen class/description Number of mAbs *. 
Main tumor antigens used in clinical studies using mAb therapy. 
mAbs in clinical studies between 1980 and 2005 [ 28 ]. 
Vaccine Type Name  Phase Tumor Antigen References. 
Overview of different vaccination strategies. 
Biomarker Cancer type Clinical use in diagnosis Clinical use in therapy. 
Main cancer biomarkers and their applications. 
Methods Number of proteins Advantages Disadvantages. 
Methods for protein expression studies. 
Medical Subject Headings Articles Reviews. 
Count of medical subject headings used in literature search. 
TNM Edition 5th (1997) 6th (2002) 7th (2009). 
Comparison of the last three editions of TNM Classification. 
Box with yellow shading: 6th Edition supplement [ 23 ];. 
: ITC defined as small numbers of tumor cells detected only by special techniques or seen histologically, but measuring <0.2 mm;. 
: Micrometastasis defined as metastatic tumor that measure >0.2 mm, but <2.0 mm;. 
: The number of lymph nodes involved by micrometastasis or ITCs should be clearly stated. 
Molecular Marker Prognostic value Predictive value Comment. 
Prognostic and Predictive molecular markers in colorectal cancer. 
Some inconsistent evidence;. 
Some conflicting evidence. 
All patients (n) BRAF wild-type (n) BRAF (V600E) (n). 
Kinase substrate ID Encoding protein MelJD vs MM200 MelJD vs patient-3-post Melanoma tissue. 
X denotes the kinase substrates that are significantly affected between BRAF (V600E) and BRAF wild-type. 
X highlighted in bold denotes kinase substrates that were also identified as significant in melanoma tissue. 
BRAF( V600E) patient-3-post BRAF (V600E) MM200 BRAF wild-type MelJD Kinase substrate ID P value P value P value. 
Highlighted in bold are kinase substrates with P <0.05. 
Pathway/Biomarker Cancer Type Effect Ongoing Combination Results  Breast Lung Colorectal Pancreas Prostate Sarcoma   In vitro Xenograft Clinical. 
Mechanisms of resistance to IGF-1R-targeted therapy. 
Impaired Pathways/Biomarker Compound Potentia l Target Potential Drug Type Cancer Type References . 
Dual Targeting of IGF-1R and other pathways. 
Angiogenic factors Function. 
Major angiogenic factors in malignant gliomas. 
HGF: hepatocyte growth factor; IGF, insulin-like growth factor; IL: interleukin; MMP: matrix metalloproteinase; PDGF: platelet-derived growth factor; SF: scatter factor; TGF: transforming growth factor; TNF: tumor necrosis factor; VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Target Drug Type of cancer Phase http://clinicaltrials.gov/ [ 65 ] Identifier Other agents Estimated Enrollment Estimated study completion date. 
Update on clinical trials for CSC molecular targets. 
NOTE : As listed in clinicaltrials.gov on May 12, 2011; Abbreviations: BCC: basal cell carcinoma; HN: head and neck; QT: chemotherapy. 
Trials Number of patients Findings. 
Evidence for Biomarker Use in Advanced NSCLC. 
?-catenin Phenotype Ref. 
?-catenin Associated Genetic Mouse Models of Pancreas Cancer. 
SCPs Sensors Signaling axis Immune effector response Reference. 
Sensing of SCPs by plasma membrane localized PRRs . 
SCPs Sensors Signaling axis Immune effector response Reference. 
Sensing of SCPs by cytosolic PRRs . 
lncRNA Cancer type Function/characterization References. 
Characteristics of vascular neoplasias. 
Viral-antigen-transformed EC lines. 
hTERT-mediated immortalization of EC lines. 
EC lines transformed with multiple exogenous genes. 
Hybrid and tumor-derived EC lines. 
Gene Primer sequence (5?-3?) Product size. 
Binding region seeMet antibody IgG subclass Light chain Sequence of binding region / mAb epitope mapping. 
Order of binding loss Peptide no. Peptide sequence. 
Peptides that failed to bind seeMet 2 were titrated against seeMet 2 and listed above. The peptides are listed in increasing binding affinity to seeMet 2 which also reflects the importance of the substituted residue. For example, the substituted residues in peptide P1 and P8 are more critical in seeMet 2 epitope than in peptide P15. Peptides sequences are shown. Alanine-substituted residues are indicated in red. Peptide O28 and O29 were positive control. 
Original peptide Peptide no. Peptide sequence. 
An alanine scan was used to further identify amino acid residues involved in seeMet 2 epitope. Initial studies indicate that seeMet 2 bound to peptides O28 and O29. An alanine residue, marked in red, was sequentially substituted for each amino acid residue in peptides O28 and O29. These peptides were synthesised. Peptide sequences are listed. Peptides P1 to P16 and peptides P17 to P31 are derivatives of peptides O28 and O29 respectively. All cystine residues were substituted for alanine residues in peptides P16 and P31 to determine the effect of disulphide bonds in seeMet 2 epitope. 
Criteria to establish protein- S -glutathionylation as a redox signaling mechanism. Adapted from Mieyal, et al. , 2008 [ 31 ]. 
S -Glutathionylation occurs at a discrete site and changes the function of the modified protein. 
S -Glutathionylation occurs under physiological conditions, i.e ., relatively high GSH/GSSG ratio. 
S -Glutathionylation occurs within intact cells in response to a physiological stimulus, and elicits a physiological response. 
There is a rapid and efficient mechanism for the formation of specific S -glutathionylated proteins. 
There is a rapid and efficient mechanism for reversing the S -glutathionylation reaction. 
Cell type Target Stimulus Functional importance Criteria fulfilled Reference. 
Summary of S -Glutathionylated Proteins in Monocytes and Macrophage. 
Cell lines Tissue origin Matrine  IC50 ± SD (mg/mL). 
IC50s * of Matrine in various cell lines. 
IC50 is the concentration (mg/mL) that reduced cell numbers to 50% relative to vehicle-treated cells. IC50s were determined from experiments at least thrice, independently, and presented as the mean ± SD. 
Gene Effect on disease Ref. 
Molecular markers and implications for disease behavior. 
Cell Line Sham UVA UVB UVA + B UVB + A. 
Effect of IL1? on the release of TNF? from UV-irradiated melanocyte-derived cell line. 
All values are calculated as the fold-increase ± SD of UV-irradiated cells treated with IL1? compared to their corresponding irradiated counterparts. Values calculated from the data represented in Figure 5 . 
miRNA Tumor type Status References. 
OncomiRs and tumor suppressor miRs. 
Niche Component Model Stem cell surrogate Niche surrogate Lineage assessed Effect on differentiation Context Proposed mechanism Investigator. 
The influence of ECs on the multipotency of tissue-specific MSCs. 
Protein ID Coding Gene Name Entrez Gene ID Empty Vector Signal PRL1-Overex. Signal Fold Change p-value FDR. 
Abbreviations: ID ?=? identification; Overex. ?=? overexpressing; FDR ?=? false discovery rate. 
Probeset ID Gene Symbol Entrez Gene ID Empty Vector Signal PRL1-Overex. Signal Fold Change p-value FDR. 
Abbreviations: ID ?=? identification; Overex. ?=? overexpressing; FDR ?=? false discovery rate. 
Assay ID Gene Symbol Entrez Gene ID Empty Vector ?Ct PRL-1 Overex. ?Ct Fold Change (2???Ct) p-value FDR. 
Abbreviations: ID ?=? identification; Overex. ?=? overexpressing; FDR ?=? false discovery rate. 
Nanoparticles ROS-dependent effect Reference. 
List of studies describing the ROS-dependent effects of metal-based NP. 
? CNT ?. 
List of studies describing the ROS-dependent effects of CNT. 
Term GO ID Description Gene No. % * p value. 
the percentage of genes in the specific subcategory from each of the three GO ontologies. 
Category Gene No. p value FDR. 
Accession Number Gene Name p value Fold Description. 
Accession number Gene name p value Fold Description. 
Gene deleted Activated node Reported effects from literature References Predictions Verified status. 
This table lists 63 predictions in the selected gene deletion background. Some predictions were verified by existing literature survey or experimental approaches. Potential novel predictions (PNP) indicate that we were unable to identify literature based evidence relevant to the prediction. 
Scenario name Input signal Model type Percentage of determined nodes. 
Four scenarios of logical steady state analysis with different input signals are defined with their input signal, model type and percentage of nodes having a determined state. 
Source scenario Target scenario Number of up-regulated genes Number of unchanged genes Number of down-regulated genes. 
The distribution of 202 p53-interacting genes with different changes between four scenarios was calculated using logical steady state analysis. 
Experiment source scenario Experiment target scenario Model LSSA simulation Total number of genes Number of true predictions p-value of true predictions Number of small error predictions Number of large error predictions. 
The changes of gene expression in experimental microarray data were compared with model simulation results. The number of true predictions, small errors, large errors and their percentage were calculated and listed. 
Demographic and clinical characteristics of colorectal cancer patients. 
*Column subtotals do not sum to No. of patients and No. of events due to missing data; †According to the American Joint Committee on Cancer - Cancer Staging Manual (version 6.0). P <0.05 are in boldface. CEA, carcinoembryonic antigen; IQR, interquartile range; HR, Hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
Association of IL10 polymorphisms with distant metastasis-free survival and overall survival. 
*The number represents major allele homozygotes, heterozygotes, and minor allele homozygotes, respectively. P <0.05 are in boldface. SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism; HR, Hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; UTR, untranslated region. 
Multivariate analysis of factors associated with overall survival. 
P <0.05 are in boldface. CEA, carcinoembryonic antigen; HR, Hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; Multivariate models included age, gender, CEA levels, tumor differentiation, stage, lymphovascular invasion, perineural invasion, IL10 rs3021094, or lymph node involvement. 
Biomarkers Description References. 
Different kinds of biomarkers of prostate cancer. 
Compound Class Inhibitory Action Type/Site of Cancer. 
RNA-directed agents in clinical trials or in use as standard treatments. 
acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL); chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML); chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL); head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC); mantle cell lymphoma (MCL); multiple myeloma (MM). 
Inhibitor [Ref.] Cdk1 cyclin B Cdk2 cyclin A Cdk2 cyclin E Cdk4 cyclin D Cdk5 p35 Cdk6 cyclin D Cdk7 cyclin H Cdk9 cyclin T. 
The IC50 for CDK inhibition, as measured by in vitro kinase assays. 
Co-chaperone Function. 
Co-chaperones of Hsp90. 
TAH1, TPR-containing protein associated with Hsp90; TPR, TetratricoPeptide Repeat; PIH1, protein interacting with Hsp90; CHIP, Carboxyl terminus of Hsc70-interacting protein; FKBP, FK506-binding protein. 
Post-translational modification Function. 
Post-translational modification of HSP90. 
Hematologic malignancies Hsp90 clients. 
HSP90 clients in hematologic malignancies. 
Inhibitors Properties Group Clinical trial phase. 
HSP90 inhibitors. 
Remodeling Receptor Signaling Action manner. 
Roles of FGFs 2, 16, 21, and 23 in cardiac remodeling . 
Pathogen Type of microvesicles (according to publication authors) References. 
Microvesicles produced in response to different parasitic pathogens . 
Cell line Tumor type Genotype FTI sensitivity Source References. 
Panel of tested tumor cell lines. 
Note: wt genes are not indicated. 
Strains Genotype Source. 
Strains. 
Oligonucleotides. 
Name Manufacture/code Protein target. 
Antibody list. 
  Control Simvastatin-treated % Control P- value. 
Cholesterol content in MiaPaCa-2 exposed to simvastatin. 
Cells were exposed to simvastatin (12 ?M) for 48 hrs. Data represent the mean of triplicate determinations?±?SD; NS, not significant. 
Gene symbol Product name and related functional pathway RefSeq ID Fold change after simvastatin FDR 6 ?M 12 ?M. 
The effect of simvastatin on expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism in MiaPaCa-2 cells. 
Simvastatin used in concentration 6 and 12 ?M, 24 hrs exposure. Presented are only transcripts with FC?>?2.0 or?<?0.5 and FDR?<?0.05. For full list of differentially regulated transcripts see the ArrayExpress database, accession number E-MTAB-1501. 
Path ID Path name FDR. 
The effect of simvastatin on metabolic pathways of human pancreatic cancer cells MiaPaCa-2. 
Simvastatin used in concentration 6 and 12 ?M, 24 hrs exposure. FDR?<?0.001 was used as a cut-off value. Data based on KEGG pathway analysis, FDR- false discovery rate. For detailed list of genes, see the ArrayExpress database, accession number E-MTAB-1501. 
  Age (yrs) Gestation (wks) Baby wt. (kg) BMI value. 
Patient Demographics of women with a BMI of 18.5 - 24.9 kg/m 2 ( n = 15). 
  Age (yrs) Gestation (wks) Baby wt. (kg) BMI value. 
Patient Demographics of women with a BMI of ? 30 kg/m 2 ( n = 22). 
*** indicates a significance value of P < 0.001, * indicates a significance value of P < 0.05, compared to the normal BMI group. 
Histone H3 residue Rapamycin phenotype Nucleosome location Source. 
Histone H3 mutants exhibiting altered rapamycin sensitivity. 
Histone H4 residue Rapamycin phenotype Nucleosome location Source. 
Histone H4 mutants exhibiting altered rapamycin sensitivity. 
Variable * Gastric cancer Paraneoplastic tissues n x 2 P. 
Different FOXM1 expressions in gastric cancer tissues and paraneoplastic tissues. 
Noted *: FOXM1 expression was graded according to Remmele and Halon [ 27 , 28 ] modified by authors. 
Variable   Entire group (n?=?103) FOXM1 negative FOXM1 positive P. 
Association between FOXM1 expression and clinic-pathological factors in 103 patients after gastrectomy. 
Noted *: p?<?0.05. 
Variable   Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis n OR 95.0% CI P OR 95.0% CI P. 
Results of univariate and multivariate analysis of 5-year survival by Cox proportional hazard model. 
Noted *: p?<?0.05; **: p?<?0.01. 
Variable OR 95.0% CI P. 
Results of tumor size, pT, and pTNM stage-stratified analysis according to FOXM1 expression. 
Noted *: p?<?0.01. 
miRNA Number of Counts. 
miRNA expressed in TK6 cells. 
miRNA 0 h 4 h 8 h 12 h 24 h. 
The expression analysis of various miRNA belonging to Profile 12 as assigned by the STEM clustering tool. 
The bold miRNA are referenced in the text. 
miRNA 0 h 4 h 8 h 12 h 24 h. 
The expression analysis of various miRNA belonging to Profile 24 as assigned by the STEM clustering tool. 
The bold miRNA are referenced in the text. 
CF ( ? M) Inhibitory rate (%) EA ( ? M) Inhibitory rate (%) B-MD-C1 B-MD-C1 (ADR +/+) B-MD-C1 B-MD-C1 (ADR+/+). 
The inhibitory effect of CF and positive control EA on the proliferation of B-MD-C1 and multidrug-resistant B-MD-C1 (ADR+/+) cells ( X ¯ ± SD , n = 3, 48?h). 
Treatment G1% S% Apoptosis (%). 
Flow cytometry data for the effect of CF on apoptosis of B-MD-C1 (ADR+/+) cells ( X ¯ ± SD , n = 3). 
Values are presented as the mean ± SD ( n = 3). * P < 0.01 versus control. 
Gene name Accession number Forward primers Reverse primers. 
Primers used for qPCR validation showing the accession number for each EST and the forward and reverse primers. 
? HGSH LGSH MC EC CCC. 
The correlation of the five types of Prat theory and clinical implications. 
HGSC: high-grade serous carcinoma; LGSC: low-grade serous carcinoma; EC: endometrioid carcinoma; CCC: clear cell carcinoma; MC: mucinous carcinoma; STIC: serous tubal intraepithelial carcinoma. 
Agent Study Phase Protocol IDS. 
Ongoing clinical trials on target therapies in epithelial ovarian cancer. 
Oligonucleotide Sequence (5? –3?). 
Key: A,C,U/T,G – 2?OMe RNA , a,c,u,g – RNA , A,C,T,G - LNA residues , Bold font - SNP site , TR – Texas Red , AF – Alexa Fluor , “*” - phosphorothioate (PS) internucleotide linkage , PSEnd- incidates phosphorothioate bonds only on terminal linakges of the molecule , targ- target sequence. 
mAbs Description Phase Indications. 
Monoclonal antibodies against IL-17 pathway clinical trials. 
kcat/KM (105 M?1s?1) ?17Arf1 ?13Arf6 myrArf1 myrArf6. 
The two BRAG2Sec7-PH constructs had similar efficiencies, indicating that residues beyond the PH domain are not critical for nucleotide exchange. 
, kinetics for myrArf6 activation by BRAG2 constructs could not be fitted by a single exponential and were analyzed from initial velocities instead (see text and Figure S4 ). ND, not done. 
Gene Accession Forward (5?–3?) Revere (5?–3?). 
Ligand Source Action Specificity K i CB1 (nM) K i CB2 (nM). 
A selection of cannabinoid receptor ligands and their specificities. 
Notes: K i values are reported based on reported values for the in vitro displacement of [3H]CP 55,940 (CB1)- or [3H]HU 243 (CB2)-binding sites. 
Abbreviation: THC, tetrahydrocannabinol. 
Second messenger Direct effect Cellular result. 
Intracellular action of cannabinoids. 
Notes: Data from. 19 , 20 , 25. 
Abbreviations: ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; JNK, c-Jun NH(2)-terminal protein kinase; cAMP, cyclic adenosine monophosphate. 
Cell type/line Source Cannabinoid Effect. 
Cannabinoid action in various cancer cell lines. 
Notes: Data from. 55 – 58. 
Abbreviations: ND, not described; THC, tetrahydrocannabinol; CBD, cannabidiol; MCF, Michigan Cancer Foundation; R-(+)-Met, R-(+)-methanandamide; AEA, anandamide; 2-AG, 2-arachidonoylglycerol; Met-F-AEA, Met-fluoro-anandamide; GBM, glioblastoma multiforme; HUVEC, human umbilical vein endothelial cell. 
EBV gene product Targets Outcomes/comments References. 
EBV latency gene products a that can suppress apoptosis and/or senescence. 
It is currently unclear whether BHRF1 is a bona fide latent gene product or whether it is only transiently expressed immediately after infection then again on entry to the lytic cycle [95] . 
Variable Activators Inhibitors Input function c a. 
Parameter values and input functions used in the model . 
Pathway/systems Gene. 
Pathways and genes implicated in the pathogenesis of PDR. 
Population Subjects with type 2 diabetes ( n ) Polymorphism (rs) Risk genotype/allele OR ( P value)1 Reference. 
The reported studies of growth factor genes and proliferative diabetic retinopathy in subjects with type 2 diabetes. 
?1Odds ratio and P value in logistic regression analysis; 2vascular endothelial growth factor; 3transforming growth factor-beta; 4not available; 5cytosine-adenine (CA)( n ) repeat in the promoter of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) gene; 6basic fibroblast growth factor. 
Population Subjects with type 2 diabetes ( n ) Polymorphism (rs) Risk genotype/allele OR ( P value)1 Reference. 
The reported studies of polymorphisms of genes of oxidative stress and proliferative diabetic retinopathy in subjects with type 2 diabetes. 
?1Odds ratio and P value in logistic regression analysis; 2uncoupling protein 2; 3866G/A (rs659366); 4Ala55Val (rs660339); 5insertion/deletion (Ins/Del) polymorphism; 6endothelial nitric oxide synthase; 7894G>T (Glu298Asp). 
Population Subjects with type 2 diabetes ( n ) Polymorphism (rs) Risk genotype/allele OR ( P value)1 Reference. 
The reported studies of the genes involved in iron metabolism and proliferative diabetic retinopathy in subjects with type 2 diabetes. 
?1Odds ratio and P value in logistic regression analysis; 2hemochromatosis gene; 3three European-American cohorts (Utah; GoKinD Study; and Boston). 4Erythropoietin gene; 5ninety-three percent were Caucasians of European descent, 7% were of Asian and Middle Eastern descent. 
Population Subjects with type 2 diabetes ( n ) Polymorphism (rs) Risk genotype/allele OR ( P value)1 Reference. 
The reported studies of polymorphisms of the cytokines genes and proliferative diabetic retinopathy in subjects with type 2 diabetes. 
?1Odds ratio and P value in logistic regression analysis; 2tumor necrosis factor; 3(GT) n microsatellite dinucleotide repeat upstream to the promoter region of TNF gene; lymphotoxin ? ???804C/A polymorphism in exon 3 and 252A/G polymorphism in intron 1; 5interleukin; 6monocyte chemoattractant protein-1. 
Population Subjects with type 2 diabetes ( n ) Polymorphism (rs) Risk genotype/allele OR ( P value)1 Reference. 
The reported studies of adhesion molecules (ICAM, PECAM, VCAM) and proliferative diabetic retinopathy in subjects with type 2 diabetes. 
?1Odds ratio and P value in logistic regression analysis; 2intracellular adhesion molecule-1. 
Population Subjects with type 2 diabetes ( n ) Polymorphism (rs) Risk genotype/allele OR ( P value)1 Reference. 
The reported studies of polyol pathway (aldose reductase/sorbitol dehydrogenase) genes and proliferative diabetic retinopathy in subjects with type 2 diabetes. 
?1Odds ratio and P value in logistic regression analysis; 2aldose reductase; 3sorbitol dehydrogenase. 
Population Subjects with type 2 diabetes ( n ) Polymorphism (rs) Risk genotype/allele OR ( P value)1 Reference. 
The reported studies of the renin-angiotensin system and proliferative diabetic retinopathy in subjects with type 2 diabetes. 
?1Odds ratio and P value in logistic regression analysis; 2insertion/deletion polymorphism of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene. 
Gene Primers (F: Forward; R: Reverse) Amplicon size (bp). 
Sequence of Primers. 
Genotype % hatched Eggs hatched/total. 
rin 3 is a homozygous recessive, fully penetrant female sterile mutation. Females of the indicated genotypes were mated with wild-type males. Eggs were collected and allowed to develop for 25 hours at 25°C, and scored for embryo hatching. 
UniProtKB Orb Rin Protein Accession Seq ct Spec ct % Cov Seq ct Spec ct % Cov. 
Tandem Mass Spectrometry identification of proteins that co-immunoprecipitate separately with both Orb and Rin. Sequence count (Seq ct) is the number of unique peptides identified for each protein; Spectral Count (Spec ct) represents the total number of times all of the unique peptides were identified for the protein and provides an approximate measure of the protein's abundance in the sample. % Coverage (% Cov) is the percentage of the protein covered by the unique peptides. 
Target  Sequence. 
Number of SNVs  Gene Domain Domain Gene P-value*. 
* P < 0.02. 
† Reported in the Cancer Gene Census [11]. Note that the genes atop the list are previously reported to be associated with this cancer type, while most of them are novel possible cancer-related genes. 
KEGG ID Pathway definition Number of cancers with SNVs P-value*. 
* P < 0.05. 
Number of identified genes/pathways   Crude* Refined† Overlap‡. 
* Identified using the crude dataset. 
† Identified using the refined dataset. 
‡ Significant in both crude and refined datasets. 
Parameter Definition Initial Value Reference. 
Model state variables were used to analyze IL-15R binding, trafficking, and synthesis. The high affinity binding model introduces additional variables as a result of the inclusion IL-15R?. 
Parameter Description Estimate Reference. 
Shared trafficking parameters and unique binding and synthesis parameters for the intermediate and high affinity IL-15R were obtained or estimated from published experimental measurements. NA represents Avogadro's number. 
[IL-15] (ng/ml) Surface Complex (#/cell) Interdivision Time (h) Mean Division Rate (10?2 h?1). 
Steady-state surface complex numbers from model solutions were used to calculate interdivision time and subsequently the mean division rate of NK cells stimulated by 9, 25, 50 and 75 ng/ml of IL-15. 
Individual efficacies TIMMA prediction siRNA knock-down Drug pair DSS1 DSS2 Predicted efficacy Synergy score Inhibition percentage Synergy score. 
DSS1/2, measured treatment efficacy (drug sensitivity score) when using either of the suggested drugs alone; Inhibition percentage, averaged inhibition of cell growth in the pairwise siRNA screen; Predicted efficacy, predicted treatment efficacy by the TIMMA model; Synergy score, synergistic effect of the drug pair as either measured by the siRNA experiment ( Eq. 9 ) or predicted by the TIMMA model ( Eq. 10 ). The table lists the drug pairs with synergy scores higher than the selected cut-off threshold (0.36, red dotted line in Figure 10B ). 
zebrafish human         short short accession  n° 2-  30-   name name number gene description paths day ±sd day ±sd n. 
Differentially expressed (folds >1.5 or <0.66) genes and present in >6 KEGG pathways (multipath genes) together with their corresponding mean folds were filtered/extracted from the microarray data. The differentially expressed multipath genes were tabulated together with their corresponding mean folds (bold) and standard deviations at 2- and 30-days. The genes were then ordered by the number of pathways present per gene. Other genes common to >6 pathways were not differentially expressed, such as mapk1 (NM_182888, common to 12 pathways), sos2 (XM_685079, 9), grb2 (NM_213035, 8), mapk10 (NM_001037701, 7), ikbkb (NM_001123265, 7), ikbkg (NM_001014344, 6), stat1a (NM_131480, 6), and vav3 (NM_001126393, 6). a According to the KEGG data, in hsa pathways the nfkb complexes were simplified to nfkb1 (which would include nfkb2 , rela , etc), however the nfkb1 orthologous were identified as nfkb2 in the zebrafish pathways that were available. * significatively <0.66 or >1.5-fold at the p<0.05 level. n , number of probes per gene. 
Differential expression of TF genes V$TFBS Multipath gene promoters TF 2-day mean ±sd 30-day mean ±sd n UP:     tnfa nfkb2 chuk mapk14a il1b rac1 ifnphi3 traf6 ifng1-2 map3k7      . 
The differentially expressed multipath genes of Table 1 were separated into upregulated (UP) and downregulated (DOWN). Their promoters were then retrieved by using MatInspector (Genomatix software suite) and the presence of common transcription factor binding sites ( V$ TFBS ) in the promoters determined by using their "search several different sequences for common TF sites" feature. The akt3a promoter could not be retrieved by MatInspector. The V$ TFBS with p<0.001 were used to identify the corresponding transcription factor genes (TF) in the Matbase of Genomatix. Finally, the differential expressions of each of the TF genes after 2- and 30-days of infection were retrieved from the 3104 TF gene list included in the keyword section of the targeted microarray. * significatively <0.66 or >1.5-fold at the p<0.05 level. Because V$ HOXC, V$ FKHD and V$ DMRT were present in several related genes (at least 4, 15 and 3 related genes, respectively), genes were grouped and only those members of each family showing differential expression were represented in the Table to make it shorter. n , number of probes per gene. X , presence of the V$ TFBS in the corresponding multipath gene promoters. Empty, absence of the corresponding V$ TFBS. 
Protein Shown Involves pS727 Function Expressed in heart. 
ND, not determined; NR, not reported. 
Gene Accession Number Number of HREs upstream of Start Site Number of HREs after start site Location after start site Genes identified with a strong matrix score. 
The promoter regions of genes known to regulate melanocyte activity and melanoma were scanned for the presence of putative HIF response elements (HREs) using the publicly available web server, Transcription Factor Matrix (TFM) Explorer. 156 - 158 A 2,500 base pair sequence (2,000 base pairs upstream of the start site and 500 base pairs after the start site) of each gene was scanned using weight matrices derived from JASPER and TRANSFAC® for the HRE sequence 5?-RCGTG-3?, where R is any purine (A or G.) Using this approach, a few genes were identified as having a significant matrix scores for the presence of an HRE (p < 0.001). The remaining genes were either not considered by these parameters to be significant for the presence of a consensus HRE site, or no HRE was identified in the scanned sequence submitted for analysis. A summary of all of the analyzed genes and the locations of the HREs identified in the database search are presented. 
Target  Oligonucleotide sequence Tm °C    Product size (bp). 
F, forward Primer; R, reverse primer; Tm, melting temperature. 
Frequency in CRAPome Redundant gene counts Reduced gene counts. 
General overview of the frequency of detection across the CRAPome ( H. sapiens data). The two numbers are computed at different frequencies: (i) “Redundant” gene counts are based on a generous estimation of shared peptides: in this case, each protein/gene to which a given peptide is matched is counted as a contaminant (ii) “Reduced” gene counts are based on a more stringent definition of protein/gene parsimony, as described in Methods. 
Gene family Example gene symbols. 
List of the most frequently detected protein families across the CRAPome, alongside some of the most frequently detected representative genes ( H. sapiens data). 
Characteristic COPD ( n = 48) Control ( n = 32) P value. 
Characteristics of patients with COPD and healthy subjects. 
Data are presented as mean ± SD. *The chi-squared test was used to test the significance of the difference in gender proportions. 
Abbreviations: COPD: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; CRP: C-reactive protein; FEV1: forced expiratory volume in one second; FVC: forced vital capacity; HDL: high-density lipoprotein; LDL: low-density lipoprotein; ox-LDL: oxidized low-density lipoprotein; ROS: reactive oxygen species; TC: total cholesterol; TG: triglyceride. 
Gene Mutations. 
Asian Black White Total. 
Genes Asian (83 ) % Black (149 ) % White (195) % Total (427 ) %. 
* No mutations were identified using the assays included in OncoMap. 
Features  wt-BRAF m-BRAF Total. 
p53 WT p53 Mut/Null CELL LINE conc. (µM) CELL LINE conc. (µM) CELL LINE conc. (µM) CELL LINE conc. (µM). 
GI50 values and p53 status (WT: wild type; Mut/Null: mutated or null) are shown for each cell line. 
M1 M2 M3 M7 M4 M5 M6  Contain IP4 induced +ve feedback No +ve feedback  Contain Itk dimers Contains Itk monomers Contains Itk dimers Contains Itk monomers. 
Ligand P??? ????( ? p) (min) P??? ?????( ? w) (min) R. 
Epilepsy type DA target Analysis/findings Reference. 
Dopamine signaling in epilepsy: human studies. 
Mouse Seizure model Phenotype Reference. 
Dopamine signaling in epilepsy: knockout mouse studies. 
Gene Percent affected Hereditary syndrome? Murine model? Reference. 
Genetic alterations in osteosarcoma . 
Signalling component Gene name Splicing isoform activity Type of cancer Reference number. 
Alternative splicing of Ras-MAPK and PI3K-mTOR signaling components. 
Target gene Assay ID Acession no. Amplicon (bp). 
Inventoried TaqMan Primers and probe (TaqMan Gene Expression Assays, Applied Biosystems). 
Cells Cell cycle distributions G0/G1 (%) S (%) G2/M (%) Sub-G1 (%). 
Cell cycle distributions between HPV16 E6E7 transfected cells and vector alone cells. 
P<0.01. 
KEGG pathway Regulation Upregulation Downregulation. 
The classification of differentially expressed genes according to signaling pathways in HPV16 E6E7 transfected cells compared with vector alone cells. 
Gene symbol Fold change P-value. 
Apoptosis, cell growth and cell cycle-related genes where were differentially expressed in YD8-E6E7 cells. 
P<0.05;. 
P<0.01. 
HPV-negative HPV-positive   Nucleus Cytoplasm Nucleus Cytoplasm. 
Immunohistochemical staining for STAT1. 
HPV-negative HPV-positive. 
Immunohistochemical staining for IGF-1R. 
Monoclonal Ab Ab type Phase Patients Disease Regimen Response Ref Current use. 
Emerging antibody therapies in non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. 
Notes:. 
FA-ref, fludarabine/alemtuzumab-refractory; BF-ref, fludarabine-refractory with bulky lymphadenopathy (>5 cm);. 
integrated efficacy analysis of five clinical trials resulting in FDA approval of 131I-tositumomab; clinical trial data are presented for select antibody-based therapies. 
Abbreviations: CHOP, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, prednisone; E, epratuzumab; O-FC, ofatumumab + fludarabine/cyclophosphamide; O-CHOP, ofatumumab + cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, prednisone; R, rituximab; MMAE, monomethyl auristatin E; R/R, relapsed/refractory; ORR, overall response rate; CR, complete remission; FL, follicular lymphoma; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; NHL, non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma; ALCL, anaplastic large cell lymphoma; DLBCL, diffuse large B-ceII lymphoma. 
Agent Drug class Phase Patients Disease Regimen Response Ref Current use. 
Emerging non-antibody therapies in non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. 
Notes:. 
Indolent NHL included FL, SLL, and MZL; aggressive NHL included MCL and DLBCL;. 
high-dose temsirolimus, 175 mg IV weekly × 3 cycles followed by 75 mg weekly; low-dose, 175 mg IV weekly × 3 cycles followed by 25 mg weekly;. 
single agents chosen based on investigator’s choice included vinorelbine, oxaliplatin, ifosfamide, etoposide, mitoxantrone, or gemcitabine; select clinical trials are reported for the above nonantibody-based therapies. 
Abbreviations: B, bendamustine; CR, complete response; CTCL, cutaneous T-cell lymphoma; CTX, cyclophosphamide; EMA, European Medicines Agency; F/C, fludarabine/cyclophosphamide; HL, Hodgkin’s lymphoma; MM, multiple myeloma; Mo, months; OBL, oblimersen; PD, progressive disease; PFS, progression-free survival; PTCL, peripheral T-cell lymphoma; PR, partial response; R/R, relapsed/refractory; R, rituximab; WM, Waldenstrom’s macroglobulinemia. 
Mutation Amino acid number T. thermophilus Obg as template B. subtilis Obg as template   a ??G (kcal/mol) b Solvent accessibility (%) Effect on stability a ??G (kcal/mol) b Solvent accessibility (%) Effect on stability. 
Negative ??G is destabilizing and <–2 causes malfunction, while positive is stabilizing and >+2 causes malfunction [42] . 
Solvent accessibility of amino acid sidechain indicated from wild-type to mutant; <17% is inaccessible/buried, 17–43% is partially accessible and >43% is accessible [42] . 
n RHAMM P CD44p P HAS 1 P HAS 2 P HAS 3v1 P. 
mRNA gene expression levels of HA-associated genes (RHAMM, CD44, HAS1, - 2 and ? 3v1) in tumor samples of 120 patients with BC disease. Characterization is stratified according to (A) age, gender and smoking status and (B) tumor stage, tumor grading, lymph node status and primary tumors versus recurrent tumor disease. Data were analyzed using univariate Cox proportional hazard survival regression analysis, total n=120. 
Table 2A : Variables  Overall survival Disease-specific survival  n HR 95% CI P HR 95% CI P Age        ? 65 57 ref.   ref.   > 65 63 1.111 0.715-1.726 0.64 1.171 0.701-0.959 0.546. 
Overall and disease-specific survival in patients with urothelial TCC stratified according to (A) patient characteristics: age, gender and smoking status (B) disease-specific clinical parameters: tumor stage, tumor grading, lymph node status and primary tumors versus recurrent tumor disease (C) HA-associated genes (RHAMM, CD44, HAS1, - 2 and - 3v1). Univariate Cox proportional hazard survival regression analysis was used for data analysis, total n=120. Abbreviations: HR - hazard ratio, CI – confidence interval, ref. – referent. 
Disease-specific survival Metastasis-free survival Variables HR 95% CI p-value HR 95% CI p-value. 
Data analysis calculating the influence of mRNA expression levels on patient survival, independent from the patient-specific parameters mentioned in Table 2 . High RHAMM mRNA expression in tumor tissue was found to be an independent (p=0.013) prognostic marker for disease-specific survival (multivariate cox proportional hazard survival regression analysis, n=120). Abbreviations: HR - hazard ratio, CI – confidence interval. 
Study Stage Study Arms # Pts ORR Median PFS Median OS. 
Phase III Studies Investigating the efficacy of EGFR inhibition alone or as part of the 1 st line treatment for stage IIIB-IV NSCLC. 
Abbreviations : ORR: objective response rate; PFS: progression free survival; OS: overall survival. 
Study Study Arms Predictive Biomarkers. 
Predictive biomarkers in the major clinical trials. 
Study Study scheme Stage #Pts RT Dose (Gy) ORR Median PFS Median OS. 
EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors or mono-clonal antibodies combined with radiotherapy. 
Tumor Histology Sex-Age D1S226 D1S488 D1S430 D1S207 D1S2638. 
Results of LOH Analysis of ARHI in Glial Tumors by Using Polymorphic Microsatellite Markers (D1S226, D1S488, D1S430, D1S207, and D1S2638). 
O: Oligodendroglioma; GBM: glioblastoma multiforme; AA: anaplastic astrocytoma; AOA: anaplastic oligoastrocytoma. 
Tumor Methylation (%). 
Aaplasia Ras homologue member I methylation status in two of 21 glial tumors. 
Gene name Gene symbol Fold-change P-value. 
Distinct expression of certain IGF-1 signaling components when comparing VSELs and HSCs. 
Fold-change and P-values were calculated from the microarray data for the comparisin between VSELs and HSCs. The genes are ordered by the fold-changes in VSELs vs. HSCs. IGF-1, insulin-like growth factor-1; VSELs, very small embryonic-like stem cells; HSCs, hematopoietic stem cells. 
Control Mice Mice ID Age Body Weight Liver Weight % Ratio Average SD SE. 
Strain, mutant, and/or plasmid T3SS Description Replicates in Epithelial cells Reference. 
Bacterial Strain Mean Vacuole Size (+/- SEM) µm % Bacteria-Occupied Vacuoles which are Perinuclear [Mean (+/- SEM)]  Non-Acidic Vacuoles Acidic Vacuoles Non-Acidic Vacuoles Acidic Vacuoles. 
Values compared using ANOVA (p = 0.004) and pairwise using Welch’s corrected t-Test. 
† Significant difference from non-acidic vacuoles of the same strain (p < 0.05, Welch’s corrected t-Test). 
† † Significant difference from non-acidic vacuoles of PAO1 (p < 0.05, Welch’s corrected t-Test). 
Receptor Signaling pathway Effect Species/cell/tissue type [references]. 
Receptor pharmacology and signaling pathways associated with progesterone-induced non-genomic effects . 
BDNF, brain-derived neurotrophic factor; ERK, extracellular-signal regulated kinase; GnRH, gonadotropin releasing hormone; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; mPR, membrane progesterone receptor; N.D., not determined; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase; Pgrmc, progesterone membrane component; PR, classical progesterone receptor. 
GIST n =50       Gender Mutation status Location Risk of relapse a. 
Tumour risk assessment was performed using AFIP criteria (Miettinen and Lasota, 2006). 
Recurrent or metastatic disease during clinical follow-up. 
Peptide name Peptide sequence a C-SH2 K d (?M) Grb2 K d (nM). 
The dissociation constant ( K d ) of different peptides toward the binding of Grb2 or C-SH2 domain of Shp2. 
All peptides contain a biotin-ASASA at their N termini. 
TKI Alternative name(s) ABC transporters linked to TKI resistance Reference(s). 
EKI-785, N-[4-[(3-bromophenyl)amino]-6-quinazolinyl]-2-butynamide. 
TKIs that reverse MDR Alternative name(s) MDR-related ABC transporters involved Clinical applications Reference(s). 
CML, chronic myelogenous leukemia; GISTs, gastrointestinal stromal tumors; ALL, acute lymphocytic leukemia; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; PNET, primitive neuroectodemal tumor; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma. 
Study Total cases Median follow-up (years) Node positive (%) HR positive (%) PIK3CA mutation (%) Association between PIK3CA mutation and prognosis (%). 
HR, hormone receptor; OS, overall survival; RFS, recurrence-free survival; NS, not significant. The association between PIK3CA mutations and clinicopathologic parameters is shown in the 12 studies analyzed. Association of mutation status and PFS or OS was assessed by the Kaplan-Meier method and Cox proportional hazards models with 2-sided P values. aMultivariate analysis confirmed that the prognostic factor is independent to other conventional prognostic factors. bTrend in favor of a longer OS. 
Study Estrogen receptor-positive status [% ( n )] Breast tumors with wild-type PIK3CA Breast tumors with PIK3CA mutations. 
All data are expressed as “positive rate (positive cases / total cases).” Only studies containing data on both PIK3CA mutations and ER status were selected. The association between PIK3CA mutations and ER status was assessed by the ?2 test with 2-sided P values. PIK3CA mutations are associated with ER positivity ( P < 0.001). 
Study Stage 3 or 4 tumors [% ( n )] Breast tumors with wild-type PIK3CA Breast tumors with PIK3CA mutations. 
All data are expressed as “positive rate (positive cases / total cases).” Only studies containing data on both PIK3CA mutations and ER status were selected. The association between PIK3CA mutations and tumor stages was assessed by the ?2 test with 2-sided P values. PIK3CA mutations are associated with few stage 3 or 4 tumors ( P = 0.03). 
Drug Target Clinical trial Company. 
Information from www.ClinicalTrials.gov . 
Chromosomal alteration Prevalence of chromosomal alteration reported in literature Ref. [15] ( n =51) Ref. [16] ( n =20) Ref. [17] ( n =47) Ref. [18] ( n =30) Ref. [19] ( n =10) Ref. [20] ( n =17) Ref. [21] ( n =10). 
“-” refers to undetectable. 
Gene Location Function(s) Down-regulation Reference(s). 
a The percentage of NPC cases with lower expression of the target gene than their adjacent nontumor tissues (the sum of cases with lower target gene expression divided by the sum of NPC cases examined from all the relevant references). 
Protein Possible Function Phosphopeptide sequence # of peptides Phospho Motifs. 
Genes Fold-change Description. 
Data were obtained using the RT2 ProfilerTM PCR Array Mouse Th1-Th2-Th3 (PAMM-034A). There were 3 FLT and 4 AEM mice. Expression of only one additional gene approached statistical significance compared to the control group (IL15 was 1.5-fold up-regulated, P<0.1). Th: T helper; FLT: flight mice; AEM: animal enclosure module (control mice housed on ground). 
Gene Fold-change Description. 
Data were obtained using the Mouse Cancer PathwayFinder RT2 ProfilerTM PCR Array (PAMM-033A). There were 3 FLT and 4 AEM mice. FLT: flight mice; AEM: animal enclosure module (control mice housed on ground). 
Gene Fold-change Description. 
Data were obtained using the Mouse Cancer PathwayFinder RT2 ProfilerTM PCR Array (PAMM-033A). There were 4 FLT and 5 AEM mice. FLT: flight mice; AEM: animal enclosure module (control mice housed on ground). 
age gestational age (weeks) body mass index birth weight (g) systolic BP (mmHg) diastolic BP (mmHg) proteinuria (mg/24h). 
Cell Line Tumour type Grade Gender Age Passage TP53 a IDH1 b IDH2 b Reference. 
IDH mutations for used cell lines were described in Pansuriya et al (2011 ) and van Oosterwijk et al (2012a ). 
TP53 mutations for used cell lines were described in van Oosterwijk et al (2012a , 2012b ). 
  Peripheral ( n =45) Central ( n =92). 
    Peripheral chondrosarcoma   Central chondrosarcoma   Osteochondroma Grade I Grade II Grade III Enchondroma Grade I Grade II Grade III. 
Name Alternative names Estimated time of integration (mya) Estimated copy number in genome Reference    Proviruses Solo LTRs * . 
Class II/HERV-K (human MMTV-like) families . 
* Most copy numbers of solo LTRs given in Ref ( 24 ); mya, million years ago; n.d., not determined. 
Tissue Cancer HERV-K(HML-2) activity Reference. 
List of malignant diseases that are associated with HERV-K(HML-2) activity . 
pT VHL sequencing Immunohistochemistry TP53 sequencing      Exon 1 Exon 2 Exon 3 CA9 Glut1 HIF1? Exon 5 Exon 6 Exon 7 Exon 8. 
VHL and TP53 mutations and CA9, GLUT1 and HIF1? immunohistochemistry in sporadic cases of human ccRCC. 
Grey shading highlights a mutation that causes a coding alteration. Amino acid alterations are shown by single letter code, del = deletion, fs = frame shift, X = new stop codon, n.a. = not analysable, n.d. = not determined, * = bp insertion not identifiable, 0 = no staining, 1 = moderate staining, 2 = strong staining. 
No. KO Gene deletion T cell phenotype Reference. 
T cell phenotypes of inositol poly-phosphatase mutant mice . 
Childhood Adult. 
Common fibrosarcoma types. 
Normal BPH Tumor WBCs Samples (%). 
The mtDNA content is reported as mean, median, and standard deviation. Patient demographic and clinical variables (age, race, stage, Gleason sum, Gleason minor, Gleason major, and PSA) are reported as frequencies and relative frequencies. A QQ plot (not shown) was used to assess the normality of mtDNA and these values were determined to be non-normal, with no normalizing transformation available. The percentages for age to PSA are column percentages; the percentages are derived from the total number in the first row. The percentages in the first row are the only ones based on the sample size of 118. 
Tumor Stage T2 T3 P-value. 
In each patient group, the mtDNA values are compared between tumor stages using Wilcoxon ranked-sum test. 
PSA ? 4 4–10 >10 P-value. 
In each patient group, the mtDNA values are compared between PSA levels using Kruskal-Wallis exact test. 
Gleason Sum < 7 ?=? 7 > 7 P-value. 
In each patient group, mtDNA values are compared between the Gleason grades (Gleason Sum) using Kruskal-Wallis exact test. 
Gleason Minor ? 3 ? 4 P-value. 
In each patient group, mtDNA values are compared between the Gleason grades (Gleason Minor) using Wilcoxon ranked-sum test. 
Gleason Major ? 3 ? 4 P-value. 
In each patient group, mtDNA values are compared between the Gleason grades (Gleason Major) using Wilcoxon ranked-sum test. 
CA AA Race P-value Factor P-value Interaction P-value. 
Adjusted mtDNA analyses were performed using two-way ANOVA, with the appropriate p-values obtained using standard bootstrap methodologies to account for the non-normal mtDNA values. For each patient group, the adjusted mean mtDNA values are presented by race (standard error presented in parentheses). “Race p-value” corresponds to the adjusted comparison of race; “factor p-value” corresponds to the effect of age, Gleason sum, or PSA on mtDNA; “interaction p-value” corresponds to testing for an interaction effect (i.e., whether the difference between race depend on the age, Gleason sum or PSA level). *There is no average for the CA in the PSA adjusted model because there is no CA with PSA >10 in the BPH. 
Normal BPH WBCs Tumor. 
The median mtDNA values are compared between each patient group in a pairwise fashion using the Wilcoxon signed-rank (for normal vs tumor) or Wilcoxon rank-sum exact tests for overall samples and within the two racial sub-samples. P-values are presented here, whereas median mtDNA values for each are presented in Figure 2A . 
Cerebral blood flow (% of the baseline ) Mean arterial pressure (mmHg ) I/R Injured hemisphere Non-injured hemisphere    PIPO 0 mg/kg 10 mg/kg 30 mg/kg 0 mg/kg 10 mg/kg 30 mg/kg 0 mg/kg 10 mg/kg 30 mg/kg. 
1 I/R: ischemia/reperfusion injury. 
2 The cerebral blood flow before I/R is defined as the baseline (100%). 
3 Pipoxolan (PIPO) was orally administered 60 min prior to I/R (n=3). 
Proteins Initial concentration (nM) Km (nM) Velocity of the substrate (nM.S ?1) References. 
List of Kinetic parameters. 
ODEs of the model. 
Variable Percent Count. 
Mutation(s) LKB1 scores. 
Synchrotron In-house. 
Values in parentheses are for the highest-resolution shell. 
S. no Age/sex Clinicopathological features Chemotherapy. 
Clinico-pathological features of retinoblastoma tumor tissues included in the whole genome expression studies by cDNA microarray. 
Abbreviations: UD, Undifferentiated; ON, Optic nerve; OD, Right eye; OS, Left eye; M, Male; F, Female. 
Gene description Gene symbol Accession number Chromosomal location Mean fold change (log2 ratio)  Post-chemotherapy treated RB tumors Pre-chemotherapy treated RB tumor. 
Significantly dys- regulated genes determined by Microarray analysis. 
Age/sex Post-chemotherapy/pre-chemotherapy Clinicopathological features Percentage of positivity PRAME mRNA expression ECT2 mRNA expression. 
Clinico-pathological features of retinoblastoma tumor tissues and the percentage positivity of PRAME expression (immuno histochemical analysis), PRAME mRNA expression and ECT2 mRNA expression (qRT-PCR). 
Abbreviations: C, post-chemotherapy RB tumor tissues; NC, pre-chemotherapy RB tumor tissues; WD, Well differentiated; PD, Poorly differentiated; UD, Undifferentiated; ON, optic nerve; OD, Right eye; OS, Left eye; OU, Both eyes; M, Male; F, Female. 
Whole Cell Mitochondria Gene Protein Name T1K CA1h CA1a T1K CA1h CA1a. 
(*ND = Not Detected). 
Parameter Case number. 
Parameter Months. 
two patients were excluded due to missing follow up data. 
VHL gene region Primer sequence Annealing temperature (°C) Product size (bp). 
Parameter Potential marker Subgroup Mean expression 1 Subgroup Mean expression 1 p-value 2. 
OCD: organ confined disease; NOCD: non-organ confined disease. 
the numbers in brackets represent the numbers of patients in each group in relation to all evaluable patients. 
Mann-Whitney U-test. 
Patients had distant metastasis and/or lymph node metastasis at time of nephrectomy. 
Parameter Response after 3 months 1 Response after 6 months 1 Response after 9 months 1 Response after last report 1. 
percentage of responders and non-responders in relation to all patients with available response data (n?=?38). 
Response Potential marker (n ?=? responders + non-responders) Mean expression responders Mean expression non-responders p-value 1. 
Mann-Whitney U-test. 
last report means 12 - 54 months. 
Parameter (n) Distribution (low 2 + high) Statistical parameter Univariate analysis PFS Univariate analysis OS Multivariate analysis 3 OS. 
table contains trends and significant results (in bold) of univariate and multivariate analysis of OS and PFS. 
low is reference category and set as HR?=?1. 
only significant parameters from the univariate analyses of table 7 and 8 were included in the multivariate analyses. 
Response after (n) Distribution (responder + non-responder 2 ) Statistical parameter Univariate analysis PFS Univariate analysis OS Multivariate analysis 3 OS. 
table contains trends and significant results (in bold) of univariate and multivariate analysis of OS and PFS. 
non-responder is reference category and set as HR?=?1. 
only significant parameters from the univariate analyses of table 7 and 8 were included in the multivariate analyses. 
Factor Statistical parameter Model 1 Model 1+ HIF-1? score Model 1+ VEGFR3 vessel staining Model 1+ response after 6 months Model 1+ response after 9 months Model 1+ last report. 
table contains all significant (in bold) molecular markers and responses. 
Factor Statistical parameter Model 1 Model 1 + CA9 score Model 1 + CA9 intensity Model 1 + CA9 membrane staining Model 1 + VEGFR3 vessel staining Model 1 + PDGFR? score Model 1 + response after 6 months Model 1 + response after 9 months. 
table contains all significant (in bold) molecular markers and responses. 
lung lesions PE volume (ml) Cell lines Incidence Average (range) Incidence Average (range). 
Tumor cells (1 x 106) were injected intravenously (i.v.) into nude mice. The experiment was terminated on day 26, the mice development of lung lesions and PE were evaluated. 
Cell lines Incidence Ascites volume (ml) Average (ml). 
Tumor cells (1 x 106) were injected into peritoneum (i.p.) into nude mice. The experiment was terminated on day 21, the mice development malignant ascites were evaluated. 
Gene Protein Biological Function / Response NRG1+PCP 8?g/mL PCP 8?g/mL NRG1+PCP 16?g/mL PCP 16?g/mL. 
Relative abundance of significantly up-regulated proteins in AML 12 mouse hepatocytes exposed for 48 hrs to PCP in the absence or presence of NRG1-? (0.01 nM). 
Groups n BTG3 expression ? + ++ +++ p value. 
BTG3 expression in ovarian carcinogenesis. 
* p ?<?0.05, compared with ovarian normal tissue; ** p ?<?0.05, compared with benign tumors. 
Clinicopathological features n BTG3 expression ? + ++ +++ PR (%) p value. 
The relationship between BTG3 expression and clinicopathological features of ovarian carcinomas. 
Clinicopathological parameters Relative risk (95% CI) p value. 
Multivariate analysis of clinicopathological variables for the overall survival of the patients with ovarian carcinomas. 
Clinicopathological parameters Relative risk (95% CI) p value. 
Multivariate analysis of clinicopathological variables for the relapse-free survival of the patients with ovarian carcinomas. 
Patient 1 (male) Patient 2 (female) Patient 3 (male). 
Primer Pair Forward Primers Reverse Primers. 
miRNA Location Targets References. 
Chromosome location and established gene targets and whether these targets can act as an oncogenic or tumour suppressor gene (TSG) miRNA. 
Agent Clinical trial identifier E Trial description Phase Combination or monotherapy. 
Active clinical trials investigating PARP inhibitors in gynecologic malignancies . 
A Olaparib, also known as AZD2281. 
B Veliparib, also known as ABT-888. 
C Niraparib, also known as MK-4827. 
D Rucaparib, also known as AG-014699; PF-01367338. 
E All clinical trials are found at www.clinicaltrials.gov and listed according to their NCT identifier. Last accessed 2013 June 19. 
AdoMet-dependent methyltransferases Biological function/process Yeast Mammalian orthologs. 
Comparison of yeast and human AdoMet-dependent methyltransferases grouped by substrate specificity. The whole list of known and putative yeast and human AdoMet-dependent methyltransferases can be found in [18] and [17] , respectively. 
IC50   Drug 24 h 48 h 72 h 96 h. 
?-Elemene increases cisplatin cytotoxicity and enhances cisplatin sensitivity in human ovarian carcinoma cells, as determined by MTT assay. 
The results reveal that ?-elemene increased cisplatin cytotoxicity by 34.7- to 60-fold in A2780/CP70 cells, but only 1.6- to 2.5-fold in A2780 cells. The IC50 (half maximal inhibitory concentration) value is defined as the concentration of ?-elemene or cisplatin needed for 50% inhibition of cell growth and proliferation. The dose-modifying factor (DMF) was calculated as the IC50 for cisplatin without ?-elemene divided by the IC50 for cisplatin with ?-elemene: DMF = IC50 (cisplatin) ÷ IC50 (cisplatin + ?-elemene). MTT, 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide. 
Series Year No Therapies Outcomes Notes. 
Treatment of anaplastic thyroid cancer. 
Notes:. 
After complete resection;. 
doxorubicin;. 
doxorubicin 60 mg/m2 and cisplatin 40 mg/m2 every 3 weeks;. 
doxorubicin, paclitaxel, vincristine, or cisplatin. 
Abbreviations: T, tumor; PrF, prognostic factors (for OS); y, years; m, months; D, days; OS, overall survival; ORR, overall response rate; CI, confidence interval; LRC, loco-regional control; CRT, chemoradiation; CR, complete remission; aRT, altered fractionated RT; SRT, standard RT; HRT, hyperfractionated RT; R0, radically resected; Doxo, doxorubicin; DSS, disease specific survival; RR, response rate; CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, standard response; PS, performance status; PD, progressive disease; Preop, preoperative; Postop, postoperative; mOS, median overall survival; S, surgery; CT, chemotherapy; pts, patients; RT, radiotherapy; vs, versus; R1, resection indicated that the margins of the resected parts show tumor cells when viewed microscopically; CDDP, cisplatin. 
Study Drug Target Phase Outcome. 
Most significant trials on molecular target therapies used in anaplastic thyroid cancer treatment. 
Notes:. 
Orthotopic mouse model;. 
ATC cell lines. 
Abbreviations: P, preclinical; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; m, months; OS, overall survival; DCR, disease control rate; PFS, progression free survival; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; MEK, mitogen activated kinases; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3 kinases; mOS, median overall survival; 18F-FDG–PET; 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography; VPA, valproic acid; s, serum. 
Variables All MET protein expression pBADS136 protein expression MET expression/pBADS136 expression ? (%) + (%) P ? (%) + (%) P MET+/pBADS136+ (%) Others (%) P. 
Association between MET and pBADS136 expression and combined status of MET/pBADS136 and clinicopathologic parameters. 
Abbreviations: pBADS136, phospho-BAD(ser-136); AC, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; TNM, tumor-node-metastasis. 
Variable Total pBADS136 protein Negative Positive r P. 
Association between MET and pBADS136 expression in non-small cell lung cancer tissues. 
Abbreviation: pBADS136, phospho-BAD(Ser-136). 
Variables Total Overall survival P   Median ± SE 95% CI . 
Univariate analysis of clinicopathologic variables for overall survival. 
Abbreviations: AC, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; TNM, tumor-node-metastasis; pBADS136, phospho-BAD(Ser-136). 
Variables Overall survival P Hazard ratio 95% CI . 
Multivariate analysis of clinicopathologic variables for overall survival. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; TNM, tumor-node-metastasis. 
Compounds EEQ a EC50 b. 
EEQ (estradiol equivalents)?=?concentration of estradiol that elicit the same response as the sample in the RYA assay. 
EC50?=?the ligand concentration giving 50% of the maximal response. 
Quercetin Kaempferol Galangin Luteolin Fisetin Concentrations (M) PE a RPE b PE a RPE b PE a RPE b PE a RPE b PE a RPE b. 
Proliferative effect (PE) is calculated as the effect on solvent control;. 
Relative proliferative effect (RPE) compares the maximum proliferation induced by a sample with that induced by 17-?-estradiol;. 
C+?=?positive control (1×10?8 M 17-?-estradiol). 
Significantly different from the positive control, 17-?-estradiol (one-way ANOVA, Tukey test; p ?0.05). 
Name Molecular Type Target/Action Stage Reference. 
Current Status of Molecular Interventions for RILF. 
Delivery Method Transgene Chemicals Cell type PMID . 
This Table Tentatively Recapitulates Delivery Methods and Combination of Technological Options Used for iPS Induction, Starting from Delivery System as Follows: Transgenes Under Use ; Addition of Chemicals and Cell-Type Converted. The PMIDs of Key Papers Describing the Methods and its Outcome are Listed in the Last Column, in the Corresponding Line. 
Abbreviations: O, OCT4 ; S, SOX2 ; M, c-MYC ; L, LIN28 ; N, NANOG ; TCL-1A, T-cell leukemia/lymphoma protein 1A. 
Transgenes Chemicals Delivery method Cell type PMID . 
This Table – Complementing Table 1 – Comprehensively Describes the Factors/ Transgenes and Chemicals Used in Order to Achieve Cell-Conversion. The Following Columns Provide Details on the Matching Delivery Methods Under Use and in which Cell-Type. The PMIDs of Key Papers are Listed in the Last Column, in the Corresponding Line. 
Abbreviations : O, OCT4 ; S, SOX2 ; M, c-MYC ; L, LIN28 ; N, NANOG ; TCL-1A, T-cell leukemia/lymphoma protein 1A. 
. 
Methods and Markers Aimed to Characterize Fully Reprogrammed iPS. 
In this table, methods to identify the accurate markers are listed in order to determine whether a fully reprogrammed iPS cell line has been established. 
Characteristic RCC patients (n=46) Healthy controls (n=39). 
Characteristics of the studied subjects. 
Values are mean ± standard deviation, unless stated. RCC, renal cell cancer; LDH, lactate dehydrogenase; Ca, calcium; BUN, blood urea nitrogen; Cr, creatinine; RBC, red blood cells; WBC, white blood cells; HGB, hemoglobin; PLT, platelets; PT, prothrombin time; APTT, activated partial thromboplastin time; ESR, erythrocyte sedimentation rate. 
Tool Method for prediction and ranking Website. 
Potential targets of miRNA and pathway prediction tools. 
UTR, untranslated region. 
miRNAs miRNA expression Putative target Drug Sample source Reference Cell line Patient Xenograft. 
Summary of miRNAs involved in the endocrine resistance of breast cancer. 
p27Kip1, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B; ER?, estrogen receptor ?; TGF-?, transforming growth factor ?; PDCD4, pyruvate decarboxylase regulator; BCL2, B-cell CLL/lymphoma 2; CYP1B1, cytochrome P450 1B1; ERBB3, v-erb-b2 erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene homolog 3; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; BRCA1, breast cancer 1; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; TIMP3, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 3; ADAM10/17, a disintegrin and metallopeptidase domain 10/17; TGF?R1, TGF-? receptor 1; Magi-2, membrane associated guanylate kinase; HER( 2 ), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; RAC1, ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate 1; CCNE1, cyclin E1; CDC2, cyclin-dependent kinase 2; EZH2, enhancer of zeste homolog 2; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Exon Forward Reverse. 
Primer sets used for PCR amplification of the MMP27 and FGD1 genes. 
Primers are represented as 5?>3?. MMP, matrix metalloproteinase. 
S. No. Gene Exon Nucleotide Codon Amino acid Type of mutation. 
Mutations of the MMP27 , FGD1 and GRM3 genes in thyroid cancers. 
MMP, matrix metalloproteinase. 
Characteristic n +, n ?, n ?2 P-value. 
Association of FLNa protein expression with the clinicopathological characteristics of patients with breast cancer. 
Modified Black’s nuclear grade (MBNG) is a nuclear classification of breast cancer cells. ER, estrogen receptor; PR, progesterone receptor; FLNa, filamin A. 
Author, year Isoform Main tissue localization Transport. 
The GLUT family. 
Adaptation of Wood and Trayhurn ( 33 ). GLUT, glucose transporter; WAT, white adipose tissue; BAT, brown adipose tissue; ND, not determined. 
Cancer type IAPs involved Detection parameter References. 
Various IAPs reported to be upregulated in cancers and/or linked to negative tumor prognosis are listed. 
Cancer type IAPs involved Detection parameter References. 
Various IAPs reported to be downregulated in cancers and/or linked to positive tumor prognosis are listed. 
Cell line Characters E028 (IC 50) SAHA (IC 50) Erlotinib (IC 50). 
Abbreviations: Del, deletion; Mut, mutant; WT, wild-type. 
Cytotoxicity of erlotinib, MPT0E028 or SAHA, and the mutation status of the EGFR and K-Ras genes in human NSCLC cell lines are shown. The cytotoxicities of erlotinib, MPT0E028, or SAHA were determined by MTT assays after 72 h of drug treatment, and are expressed as the IC50 ( ? M). Each value represents the mean±standard deviation (S.D.) from at least three independent experiments. 
Oligomer name Sequence (5? to 3?). 
Number of patients participating in the study Immunohistochemistry Group Number of samples (female/male) Mean age ± SD (years). 
Immunohistochemistry Patient number Signs/Symptoms Colonoscopy Histology Diagnosis. 
WD?=?Without disease, IBS?=?Irritable bowel syndrome. 
Gene symbol Affymetrix ID Taqman ID Gene name Gene function. 
Gene symbol Affymetrix ID Averages and standard deviations of normalized log2 intensities on microarrays ANOVA on microarray  Children (Ch) Healthy adults (N) CRCs (CRC) . 
P-values of ANOVA analysis on microarray and RT-PCR represents in the last column. The significant different expression (p<0.05) is marked in bold. 
  AUC (h × ng ? ml ?1) Half-life (h) Concentration max (ng ? ml ?1) Delivery route Plasma Lung Plasma Lung Plasma Lung. 
Abbreviations: 5-Aza=5-azacytidine; AUC=area under the curve; Max=maximum. 
Treatment group a N Delivery route Lung weight (g), mean±s.d. Adjustment for control, weight (±s.d.). 
Abbreviations: 5-Aza=5-azacytidine; NA, not applicable. 
* P <0.05 compared with vehicle. 
Size of treatment groups differ because of engraftment. Instillation through the orotracheal intubation sometimes misses the trachea, resulting in placement into the oesophagus. 
Control animals received no tumour cells. 
Trial Regimen Phase Sample size Target. 
Current trials combining cetuximab and other agents in the treatment of recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). 
Note: Taken from clinicaltrials.gov. 
Author year country Ethnicity Source ofcontrols Cancertype Genotypingmethod cases controls HWE        AA AG GG AA AG GG . 
Abbreviations: HWE, Hardy–Weinberg equilibrium; HNC, head and neck (oral cavity, pharynx and larynx) cancer; EC, esophageal cancer; GC, gastric cancer; CRC, colorectal cancer. 
Variables N b case/control GA vs. AA GG vs. AA GG/GA vs. AA GG vs. GA/AA    OR P (Z) P (Q) I2 OR P (Z) P (Q) I2 OR P (Z) P (Q) I2 OR P (Z) P (Q) I2. 
Contains two HNC and one CRC studies. 
Number of comparisons. One of these studies consisted of GC and EC. 
Random-effects model was used when P value for heterogeneity test <0.05; otherwise, fixed-effects model was used. 
P (Q): P -value of Q-test for heterogeneity test. 
P (Z): P -value of Z-test for overall OR. P <0.0125 defined as the significance threshold after Bonferroni correction. 
Case Control   Author Year Country Age (y) M U M U Method Control type. 
BOT: benign ovarian tissues AT: adjacent tissues; NT: normal ovarian tissues of cancer-free patients or healthy people; NA: not available; MSP: methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction; MS-MLPA: methylation-specific multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification; BSP: bisulfite sequencing PCR; M: RASSF1A methylated; U: RASSF1A unmethylated. 
Newcastle-Ottawa Scale * Author 1 2 3 4 5A 5B 6 7 8 Total. 
1 indicates case definition and diagnostic appropriate; 2, consecutive patients or case having a good representation; 3, community controls; 4, control with no the history of study disease; 5A, according to the most important factor to select and analyze control; 5B, according to the second important factor to select and analyze control; 6, ascertainment of exposure by blinded interview or record; 7, same method of ascertainment used for cases and controls; and 8, non-response rate the same for cases and controls. 
95% CI  Heterogeneity sources Coefficient Lower Upper P. 
Cancer Normal M-H pooled OR † D+L pooled OR ‡ Heterogeneity Group M+ N M+ N OR (95% CI) OR (95% CI) I 2 (%) P ?2. 
BAT: benign ovarian tissues and adjacent tissues; NT: normal ovarian tissues of cancer-free patients or healthy people. 
the fixed-effects model. 
the random-effects model. 
PatientID Gender Age(years) Source WBC (Tsd/µL) Blasts(%) Hb(g/dL) Plts(Tsd/µL) FAB Karyotype FLT3 NPM1 fromMDS. 
PB, peripheral blood; BM, bone marrow; wt, wild type; n.d. not determined. 
Total n 41 . 
WBC, white blood cell counts; f, female; m, male. 
RAR?2 region Primer Sequence. 
Human P29SN stromal cells Metabolite Top associated network functions Score. 
Human P29SN stromal cells Metabolite Top canonical pathways p -value Ratio. 
Human P29SN stromal cells Metabolite Top associated network functions Score. 
Group Class Drug Mechanism of action. 
Selected epigenetic drugs which are undergoing clinical evaluation in lung cancer . 
Drug Patients Study design Enrollment Drug administration ORR (%) Median PFS (m) Median OS (m) Author year. 
Selected clinical trials of epigenetic therapies in lung cancer . 
NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; SCLC, small cell lung cancer; P, Pivanex; D, Docetaxel; V, Vorinostat; CP, Carboplatin/Paclitaxel; E, Erlotinib; En, Entinostat; Pl, Placebo; B, Bortezomib; De, Decitabine; Val, Valproic acid; IV, intravenously; CIVI, continuous intravenous infusion; NR, not reported; NA, not available. 
a Study halted due to toxicities; development of the agent discontinued. 
b Significantly improved ORR in favor of vorinostat arm ( P ?=?0.02). 
c Primary end-point, 4?month PFS rate which was not significantly different between the groups (Erlotinib?+?Entinostat, 18% vs. Erlotinib?+?Placebo, 20%; P ?=?0.7). 
d Both responses were not confirmed on follow-up scans. 
e Includes 16 NSCLC and 3 NSCLC. 
f http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/910267/000101968704001384/titan_8kex99-1.htm. 
Genes Forward primer Reverse primer Accession number Product length(bp). 
Sequences of primers used in the real time PCR. 
Classification Target Name of probe Year Probe design References. 
A list of genetically encoded FRET probes . 
The numbers in the Probe Design column correspond to the section number in the “Strategies of probe design” chapter of the main text. Names of probes are shown. See the webpage by Dr. Michiyuki Matsuda http://www.lif.kyoto-u.ac.jp/labs/fret/e-phogemon/unifret.htm for updated information. 
Gene Repair mechanism Function Inducing genotoxic agens Transcription-factor Reference. 
Genotoxin inducible DNA repair genes. 
Title Design/phase Intervention Primary endpoint Identifier. 
Current clinical trials of curcumin and resveratrol. 
Epigenetic ageing marker Regulation Reference. 
Epigenetic traits of ageing. 
Notes: PRC1, polycomb-group repressive complex 1; PRC2, polycomb-group repressive complex 2; SIRT1, sirtuin 1; H3K36me3, tri-methylated lysine 36 of histone H3; H3K9me3, tri-methylated lysine 9 of histone H3; H4K20me, mono-methylated lysine 20 of histone H4; miR-71, micro-RNA 71; c-fos , FBJ murine osteosarcoma viral oncogene homolog; IGF-II , insulin-like growth factor II; p16Ink4a , cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 2A; H4K16ac, acetylated lysine 16 histone H4; JMJD3, histone demethylase jumonji domain containing 3; H3K27me3, tri-methylated lysine 27 of histone H3; H3K79me/me2, mono-/di-methylated lysine 79 of histone H3; H4K20me3, tri-methylated lysine 20 of the histone H4; SAHFs, senescence-associated heterochromatin foci; miR-29, micro-RNA 29; miR34a, micro-RNA 34a; miR-200, micro-RNA 200 family. 
Drugs Condition clinicaltrials.gov Identifier Phase. 
Epigenetic modulators in clinical trials for age-related diseases. 
Cellular/biological process HGF/cMET pathway involvement. 
Cellular and biological processes related to the HGF/cMET pathway. 
Abbreviations: EMT, epithelial-mesenchymal transition; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; MET , mesenchymal-epithelial transition. 
Company Compound Mechanism of action Clinical development. 
Mesenchymal-epithelial transition ( MET ) inhibitors evaluated in clinical trials. 
Abbreviations: CRC, colon rectal cancer; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; RON, macrophage-stimulating protein receptor; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; TIE2, angiopoietin 1 receptor. 
Gene Chromosomal location Transcript Protein size (amino acids) Molecular weight (Da). 
Human claudin genes and protein information. 
The chromosomal location and transcript information (refseq number) of CLDN genes were obtained from the National Center for Biotechnology Information site ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ ). Information on the claudin proteins including protein size and molecular weight were obtained from Universal Protein Resource (UniProt; http://www.uniprot.org/ ). NA: not available. 
Cancer Claudin-1 Claudin-2 Claudin-3 Claudin-4 Claudin-7 Claudin-11. 
Claudin protein expression in human cancers. 
Claudins Cancer Function In vitro or in vivo Role References. 
Roles of claudins in human cancer. 
Claudins Cancer types Association of claudin protein expression based on IHC and patient survival Prognosis Independent prognostic factor Reference. 
Clinical significance of claudin expression in human cancers. 
IHC: Immunohistochemistry. 
Claudin gene expression by qRT-PCR. 
Affected gene Disease Primary clinical manifestation Comments/Cellular effect/Reference. 
Proteins of the Golgi complex associated with disease. 
Authors, year of publication Ovarian carcinoma subtypes Loss of ARID1A protein expression ARID1A mutations by sequencing methods Ref. 
Studies that investigated AT-rich interacting domain containing protein 1A ( ARID1A ) mutations and protein expression in ovarian cancer with sequencing methods and by immunohistochemistry (IHC). OCCC, ovarian clear cell carcinomas; EnOC, endometrioid ovarian carcinomas. 
Authors, year of publication Endometriosis samples Loss of ARID1A protein expression ARID1A mutations by sequencing Ref. 
Studies investigating ARID1A mutations and protein expression in endometriosis. 
Authors, year of publication Samples PIK3CA mutations Ref. 
PIK3CA mutations in OCCC and EnOC. 
Authors, year of publication Samples PIK3CA mutations Ref. 
PIK3CA mutations in endometriosis. 
Tumor type Additional CSC markers analyzed in combination with CXCR4 Biological functions of the CXCL12-CXCR4 axis Methods used References. 
CXCR4 as a marker for putative cancer stem cell populations in solid tumors. 
Abbreviations: CXCR, CXC chemokine receptor; CXCL, chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand; CSC, cancer stem cell; FACS, fluorescence-activated cell sorting; siRNA, small interfering RNA. 
Collection site, a year Depth, m No. of sediment samples No. of Streptomyces isolated No. of bioactive Streptomyces (%). 
No specific permits were required for these field studies. 
Medium No. of Streptomyces isolated Medium No. of Streptomyces isolated. 
Collection site Strain (accession #) Most closely related type strain 16S rRNA gene sequence accession no. a Sequence identity (%) Source of nearest type strain b. 
NCBI accession number. 
The corresponding type of strain had a level of similarity greater than or equal to 98.5%. 
Strain Antimicrobial activities a  S. aureus b (ATCC 33591) B. subtilis (H344) C. albicans (ATCC 90028) P. aeruginosa (ATCC 27853) E. coli (UBC8161) M. fortiutum (ATCC 6842). 
Antimicrobial activity assay was performed by disk diffusion. 
Methicillin- resistant strain of Staphylococcus aureus. 
biologically active; has inhibitory activity. 
Compound MIC, ?g/mL. 
NHP Sequence MHC Core sequence Differences Human - > Mouse Affinity Peptide-MHC. 
Peptides overlapping non-homologous regions (also see Figure S1 ) of human c-MYC protein were analyzed using the HLA restrictor software. MHC class I (H2Db, H2Kb)-restricted epitopes were selected according to their affinity <500 nM and at least one amino acid difference. Affinity >50nm is considered weak binding. MHC class II (H2-IAb) epitopes were chosen according to differences in amino acid sequence and best binding affinity depending on peptide length, since MHC class II epitopes can vary in length. While length of MHC I epitopes is considered fixed, length (aa) of chosen MHC II epitopes is given next to peptide-MHC affinity and only the core sequence is shown. 
Cocaine-induced behaviors Receptor-type Animal models Effects mediated by cocaine Reference. 
Role of dopamine D1 and D2 receptors in cocaine-induced behaviors. 
Consensus name Consensus sequence Length (composition) Plenty. 
CONSENSUS Database . 
*Total number of sequences in the phylum/Number of sequences matching consensus. 
Cell Line I? Translocation M-Spike P53 Status Copy Number (markers) PHA-767491 IC50 (?M). 
Anti-proliferate activity of PHA-767491 in multiple myeloma cell lines with diverse genetic and molecular features. The indicated established myeloma cell lines were treated with increasing amount of PHA-767491. Cell viability was examined by CellTiter Glo 48 h after drug treatment. The IC50 was calculated using GraphPad Prism. 
Primary Sample Cytogenetics ISS mSMART Prior Rx PHA-767491 IC50 (?M). 
Anti-proliferate activity of PHA-767491 in multiple myeloma primary samples with diverse genetic and molecular features. Primary myeloma tumor cells isolated from patients were treated with increasing amount of PHA-767491. Cell viability was examined by CellTiter Glo 48 h after drug treatment. The IC50 was calculated using GraphPad Prism. 
Hb-HDACIs Structure Chemical name Formula Molecular mass. 
Hb-HDACIs in clinical trials for cancer treatment. The hydroxamic acid group, which characterizes this class of HDACIs, is represented in the red dotted square. 
HDACIs Routes of administration Side effects FDA approval. 
Hb-HDACIs in the clinic. 
Abbreviations: FDA, United States Food and Drug Administration; i.v., intravenous. 
Disease Regimen No. pts. PFS Efficacy Ref. 
Vorinostat in published phase II clinical trials in solid tumors. 
Abbreviations: 5-FU, 5-fluorouracil; 6-m.-PFS, progression free survival at 6 months; AUC, area under the curve; CB, clinical benefit; GBM, glioblastoma multiforme; LV, leucovorin; m., months; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; No., number; NSCLC, non small cell lung cancer; OR, objective response; PFS, progression free survival; PR, partial response; pts., patients; Ref. , references; RR, objective response rate. 
?Disease ?Regimen No. pts. ?PFS Efficacy Ref. 
Belinostat in published phase II clinical trials in solid tumors. 
Abbreviations: 6-m.-PFS, progression free survival at 6 months; AUC, area under the curve; CB, clinical benefit; CR, complete response; EOC, epithelial ovarian cancer; LMP, micropapillary; m., months; No., number; PFS, progression free survival; pts, patients; Ref., references; RR, objective response rate. 
Disease Regimen No. pts. PFS Efficacy Ref. 
Panobinostat in published phase II clinical trials in solid tumors. 
Abbreviations: m., months; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; No., number; OR, objective response; PFS, progression free survival; pts, patients; Ref., references. 
Disease Compound Regimen No. Pts. End-Point ClinicalTrials. gov Identifier. 
Ongoing phase II clinical trials of Hb-HDACIs in solid tumors [ 127 ]. 
Abbreviations: CB, clinical benefit rate; CRC, colorectal carcinoma; DLT, dose limiting toxicity; GBM, glioblastoma multiforme; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; MDT, maximum tolerated dose; NSCLC, non small cell lung cancer; PFS, progression free survival; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; RR, objective response rate. 
Examples of miRNAs regulated by DNA methylation. 
Interaction of miRNA and epigenetic modifications. 
Compound Intranasal dose Plasma concentration CSF concentration GBM model Efficacy Ref. 
Intranasal administration of pharmacological agents for the treatment of GBM, both in animals and in humans (+AZA: addition of acetazolamide for reducing CSF turnover). 
Formulation compound Structure Formulation. 
Overview of the pharmacological formulations, both polymer based and lipid based, that increase the efficacy of nose-to-brain transport after intranasal administration. 
DNA methylation Function Gene References. 
Genes abnormally methylated in glioblastoma. 
Tumor classification IDH1 mutation (%) IDH2 mutation (%) Yan et al . [ 74 ] Hartman et al . [ 77 ] Yan et al . [ 74 ] Hartman et al. [ 77 ]. 
Frequency of IDH1/2 mutation in gliomas. 
Experiment Enzyme Inhibitor References. 
Small-molecule inhibitors in preclinical and clinical trials for glioblastoma treatment. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Seed Gene t -value log( p -value) Signature. 
Tumor type Total No. of cases No. with High-level Expression for CDK5 Percentage with high CDK5 expression P value. 
Genotype n Percentage (%) Immunotype. 
DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.00822.006. 
1 out of 6 samples predominantly contains IgM+ cells, with a small percentage of IgM? cells. 
3 out of 5 samples predominantly contain IgM+ cells, with a small percentage of IgM? cells. 
1 out of 3 samples predominantly contains IgM+ cells, with a small percentage of IgM? cells. 
1 out of 2 samples predominantly contains IgM+ cells, with a small percentage of IgM? cells. 
Gene Forward primer (5??3?) Reverse primer (5??3?). 
Primer sequences for qPCR analysis. 
PDK1, 3-phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase 1; qPCR, quantitative PCR. 
FRTL5 (pcDNA) FRTL5 (RET-PTC1) a. 
Effects of RET-PTC1 on the expression of thyroid-specific genes in FRTL5 cells. 
Data are mean± s.e.m . of three independent experiments. * P <0.01. 
Expression of each gene of the interest in FRTL (pcDNA) cells was set as 1.0 for comparison with the respective gene in FRTL5 (RET-PTC1) cells. 
Ttf1 expression Tumor formation at 2M (mean of maximum diameter of tumors (mm)) Tumor formation at 4M (mean of maximum diameter of tumors (mm)). 
Tumorigenicity of FRTL5 cells in nude mice. 
Data are mean± s.e.m . of three independent experiments. * P <0.001 vs FRTL5 (pcDNA). 
Expression of TTF1 mRNA in FRTL (pcDNA) cells was set as 1.0. 
Tumor formation at 2 weeks (mean of maximum diameter of tumors (mm)) Tumor formation at 3 weeks (mean of maximum diameter of tumors (mm)) Tumor formation at 4 weeks (mean of maximum diameter of tumors (mm)). 
Tumorigenicity of BHP19-21v cell derivatives in nude mice. 
* P <0.001 vs BHP18-21v (pcDNA). 
Group MTT (OD value) Inhibition ratio (%). 
Effect of Smilax china L.-containing serum on the proliferation of human HCC SMMC-7721 cells (mean ± SEM, n=6). 
P<0.01 compared with blank low concentration group;. 
P<0.01 compared with blank high concentration group. HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; CTX, cyclophosphamide. 
Group Apoptosis ratio (%) Cell cycle (%) G0/G1 S G2/M. 
Effect of serum from each group on the apoptosis and cell cycle distribution of SMMC-7721 human HCC cells (mean ± SEM, n=3). 
P<0.05 compared with blank low concentration group;. 
P<0.05 compared with blank high concentration group;. 
P<0.05 compared with CTX low concentration group;. 
P<0.05 compared with CTX low concentration group. HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; CTX, cyclophosphamide. 
Group Ct value 2???Ct POLD1 ?-actin. 
Expression of POLD1 mRNA in each group of SMMC-7721 human HCC cells (mean ± SEM). 
P<0.05 compared with the blank group. POLD1, DNA polymerase ? catalytic subunit gene 1; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma. 
GAPDH Forward 5?-ACATCGCTCAGACACCATG-3?. 
Target/modality Representative agents(s) HF type to be treated Potential desirable effect(s) in HF Notes. 
Potential G protein-coupled receptor signaling targets for drug development in heart failure. 
Abbreviations: A1R, adenosine type 1 receptor; ADHF, acute decompensated HF; AR, adrenoceptor; ARB, angiotensin receptor blocker; AT1R, angiotensin ii type 1 receptors; BP, blood pressure; cAMP, cyclic adenosine monophosphate; CO, cardiac output; CRFR2, corticotrophin-releasing factor receptor type 2; DM, diabetes mellitus; Epac, exchange protein directly activated by cAMP; GPCR, G protein-coupled receptor; GqI, Gq protein inhibitor peptide; GRK, GPCR kinase; HF, heart failure; MI, myocardial infarction; PAH, pulmonary arterial hypertension; PKC, protein kinase C; RAAS, renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system; RELAX-AHF, Relaxin in Acute Heart Failure clinical trial; RhoA/K, ras homolog gene family member A/Rho-dependent kinase; Rxn-2, relaxin-2; SNS, sympathetic nervous system; T2DM, type 2 diabetes mellitus; Ucn, urocortin; V2R, vasopressin receptor type 2; ?arr, beta arrestin; ?, indicates effect currently under investigation; ct, C-terminal fragment; Gi/Go, inhibitory/other G protein; GLP1R, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor; ?ARK, beta-adrenergic receptor kinase. 
Clinical issue Treatment Additional comment. 
Common treatment modalities for SEGA, angiomyolipoma, skin lesions, and pulmonary LAM. 
Abbreviations: LAM, lymphangioleiomyomatosis; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; SEGA, subependymal giant cell astrocytoma. 
Patient population Tmax (h) Cmax (ng/mL) AUC (ng/mL · h) 0–? Half-life (h). 
Pharmacokinetic properties of everolimus in various patient populations. 
Notes:. 
Values are mean ± standard deviation, except for Tmax, which is median (range). 
all values are median (range). 
Abbreviations: AUC, area under the concentration–time curve from zero to infinity; Cmax, maximum concentration; Tmax, time to reach maximum concentration. 
Trial Efficacy Safety. 
Efficacy and safety analyses from EXIST-1 and EXIST-2. 
Abbreviations: AE, adverse event; CI, confidence interval; EVE, everolimus; EXIST, EXamining everolimus In a Study of TSC; PBO, placebo; SEGA, subependymal giant cell astrocytoma; TSC, tuberous sclerosis complex; vs, versus. 
Molecule Other names Phase Tumor types FDA approval Company. 
A list of hedgehog signaling inhibitors in clinical trials (from http://clinicaltrials.gov ) a. 
Notes:. 
All small molecules target smoothened molecule. GDC-0449 has been approved by the FDA to treat locally advanced and metastatic BCCs. There are no ongoing clinical trials for LEQ506, TAK-441, and BMS833923. 
Abbreviations: BCC, basal cell carcinoma; FDA, US Food and Drug Administration; SCLC, small cell lung cancer. 
Antibody Clone Antigen Source Catalog #. 
10 ?M Pheromone  Strains Cell Death MAPK Shmoo Mating Wild type Strain alone - ++ ++ ++. 
Data has been collated from the assays previously described and conducted in this study. Hyperactive Ras1 mutants include fission yeast strains lacking gap1 or containing either Ras1G17V or Ras1Q66L. The extent of the response is represented as follows: +++ increased level of response, ++ normal level of response, + reduced level of response and - no response. 
spot     identified protein (gene) accession number     n-fold change (control transfected) n-fold change (anti-miR transfected). 
In control transfected cells these proteins remain unchanged after irradiation. p-values indicate significant differences between irradiated and non-irradiated samples (*p<0.05, **p<0.01). 
spot identified protein (gene) accession number n-fold change (control transfected) n-fold change (anti-miR transfected). 
p-values indicate significant differences between irradiated and non-irradiated samples (*p<0.05, **p<0.01). 
Cell Line Tumor Subtype KRAS BRAF EGFR PIK3CA LKB1 3p abnormalities IC50 (MK2206 alone) IC50 (MK2206+TUSC2). 
Patient characteristics Number. 
Patient characteristics. 
WHO: World Health Organization; RCUD: Refractory Cytopenia with Unilineage Dysplasia; RCMD: Refractory Cytopenia with Multilineage Dysplasia; RAEB-1: Refractory Anemia with Excess Blasts-1; RAEB-2: Refractory Anemia with Excess Blasts-2; AML: Acute Myeloid Leukemia; IPSS: International Prognostic Score System; INT-1: Intermediate-1; INT-2: Intermediate-2; FAB: French American British; RA: Refractory Anemia; RARS: Refractory Anemia with Ringed Sideroblasts; RAEB: Refractory Anemia with Excess Blasts; RAEBt: Refractory Anemia with Excess Blasts in Transformation; BM: bone marrow; *Excluded from the WHO classification analysis. 
Gene Sequence Concentration. 
Primer sequences and concentrations. 
Pharmacologic agent Target Biological effects against SEB. 
Therapeutics tested for efficacy in murine models of staphylococcal enterotoxins (SEB)-induced toxic shock. * indicates drug is FDA-approved. 
HSV-1 HCMV. 
Identified NLSs and nuclear import pathways of Herpesviral DNA replicating enzymes. The NLSs identified so far for each herpesviral DNA replication proteins are indicated, as well as the IMPs binding them. The subcellular localization of each protein when individually expressed is also indicated (loc. alone). Additional details are reported in respect to the nuclear import pathways of DNA polymerase and helicase/primase holoenzymes. Pol, DNA polymerase catalytic subunit; PAP, DNA polymerase processivity factor: hNLS, hydrophobic NLS; cNLS, classical NLS; bip, bipartite NLS; N, nucleus; C, cytoplasm; IMPs, importins. 
Virus Protein Name NLS type Sequence IMPs Ran ATP Nuclear import Notes Reference. 
NLSs identified on Herpesviral DNA polymerase subunits and nuclear import molecular mechanisms. Pol, DNA polymerase catalytic subunit; PAP, DNA polymerase processivity factor; hNLS, hydrophobic NLS; cNLS, classical NLS. The single letter amino acid code is used; hydrophobic residues in hNLS are underlined , whereas basic residues in cNLSs are in boldface . s indicates the ability of the NLS to function when the subunit is uncomplexed; h indicates the ability of the signal to function once the holoenzyme is assembled. In the column “Ran” the sensitivity of nuclear transport to overexpression of the transdominant negative RanQ69L is reported; in the column “ATP”, sensitivity to depletion of intracellular ATP levels; X, sensitivity; ?, unknown. 
Characteristic Summary measure. 
Clinical and demographic characteristics for the cohort of 63 patients. 
Includes intermediate/high grade. 
Colon and liver tumor samples collected within 3 months of each other. Twenty-seven patients underwent a single operation to remove both the primary and metastasis (true synchronous). 
5-Fluorouracil-based chemotherapy, details in Table S1. 
CRC primaries PTEN  PIK3CA  RAS/BRAF Neg Pos Equ  Wt Mut  Wt Mut. 
Concordance of PTEN, PIK3CA, RAS, and BRAF in paired CRC primaries and liver metastases. 1. 
Neg, negative; Pos, positive; Equ, equivocal; Wt, wild-type; Mut, mutant. 
Parenthetic value is concordance in PTEN expression when equivocal expression was considered an observable category of PTEN status. 
Molecular markers Number of patients 1 Liver resections 2 Median OS (months). 
Association of molecular markers with resectable liver metastases and survival. 
Stated figures are N (percent of all patients). 
Stated figures are N (percent of patients within a given row). Patients with unresectable metastases underwent liver biopsy. 
P -value = 0.052, for test of linear trend in proportion of liver resections for increasing number of aberrations; cP-value = 0.0083, for test of linear trend in OS for increasing number of aberrations. 
Unknown = PTEN was positive in some tissue type and PTEN was either uninterpretable or equivocal in the paired tissue; or, PIK3CA/RAS/BRAF was wild-type in some tissue and the appropriate genetic data was missing in the paired tissue. 
(Pro)renin receptor ( 34 , 35 ) Atg5 ( 60 ) mTOR ( 61 ). 
Comparison of the time of onset of various parameters in PRR and autophagy-related podocyte-specific knockout mouse models . 
Line 6 Line 7. 
Ensembl Gene ID Gene Symbol Gene Name Motifs ENSGALG00000009474 ACTN1 alpha-actinin-1 AACACACAT ENSGALG00000003959 AP1M1 AP-1 complex subunit mu-1 TGACTCA ENSGALG00000012865 BRAF serine/threonine-protein kinase B-raf CACACACA ENSGALG00000002495 CHCHD2 coiled-coil-helix-coiled-coil-helix domain-containing protein 2, mitochondrial CACACACA ENSGALG00000019514 CNDP2 cytosolic non-specific dipeptidase TGACTCA. 
Protein feature S. pombe S. cerevisiae N. crassa * A. nidulans *. 
Generic NCUxxxxx and ANxxxx nomenclature indicates uncharacterized proteins. 
Group N-V (n=6) N-Ali (n=7) MCD-V (n=7) MCD-Ali (n=7). 
All data are expressed as the mean ± SEM. ALT: alanine aminotransferase, AST: aspartate aminotransferase, Ang II: angiotensin II, BW: body weight, LW: liver weight, SW: spleen weight, MCD: methionine choline-deficient, N-V/N-Ali: normal (N) mice receiving vehicle (V) or aliskiren; MCD-V/MCD-Ali: MCD mice treated with vehicle or aliskiren. ## P<0.01 vs. N-V; * P<0.05 vs. MCD-V; ** P<0.01 vs. MCD-V group. 
Group N-V (n=6) N-Ali (n-7) MCD-V (n=7) MCD-Ali (n=7). 
All data are expressed as the mean ± SEM. NAFLD: non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, MCD: methionine choline-deficient, N-V/N-Ali: normal (N) mice receiving vehicle (V) or aliskiren, MCD-V/MCD-Ali: MCD mice treated with vehicle or aliskiren. ## P<0.01 vs. N-V; ** P<0.01 vs. MCD-V group. 
Group N-V (n=6) N-Ali (n=7) MCD-V (n=7) MCD-Ali (n=7). 
All data are expressed as the mean ± SEM. QUICKI: quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, a measurement of insulin sensitivity derived from the formula 1/ (log insulin ? glucose), MCD: methionine choline-deficient, N-V/N-Ali: normal (N) mice receiving vehicle (V) or aliskiren, MCD-V/MCD-Ali: MCD mice treated with vehicle or aliskiren. ## P<0.01 vs. N-V; * P<0.05 vs. MCD-V. 
Recent phase III clinical trials investigating target agents for gastric cancer. 
ToGA = Trastuzumab for Gastric Cancer; PFS = progression free survival; OS = overall survival; NP = not published; NCT = ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier; EGFR = epidermal growth factor receptor; NA = not applicable; MET = mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor; HGF = hepatocyte growth factor. 
Genes/ Conditions P16 DDAH2 DUSP1. 
MS-PCR primers and conditions. 
Characteristics Frequency (Percentage) P value of methylated genes   p16 DDAH2 DUSP1. 
Demographic and clinicopathological characteristics. 
*Significant difference for promoter hypermethylation in p16 with tumour site by Fisher's Exact test (P=0.001), and DDAH2 with patients' age by independent-samples T test (P=0.050). 
Currently identified mediators of endothelial-podocyte communication in renal development, health, and disease. 
Echocardiographic parameters of H-DKO and L-DKO versus control mice. 
Characteristics N miR-129-5p expression( a T/N Ratio) P. 
Tumor/normal (T/N) ratio: The fold change in miR-129-5p expression in LSCC to the corresponding adjacent normal tissue. miR-129-5p expression was measured by real-time PCR and normalized to the external control (human U6 gene). Values were quantified using the 2???Ct method. Values are means±SD. 
Probe Set ID (Affymetrix) Gene Title (Target Description/Symbol) Chromosome Location 1?g/mL Hg SLR Change/Fold Change 2?g/mL Hg SLR Change/Fold Change 3?g/mL Hg SLR Change/Fold Change. 
Sample genes affected by mercury. 
SLR-- signal log ratios. 
TBC = To be confirmed. 
Metabolism Compound Target Action References. 
Case # Histopathologic description % p-S6(S235)+ and p-S6(S240)+ % Lam?2+ Associated SCC?. 
Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded specimens of oral lesions were immunostained for p-S6(S235), p-S6(S240), and Lam?2 and the percentage of the total dysplasia positive in the basal cell layer for these markers determined as described in Methods . Basal layer p-S6(235) and p-S6(240) immunostaining always corresponded precisely. n.d.: not determined. 
Diets Item A B C D E. 
TNE, Total net energy; NDF, Non-degradable fiber; DM, Dry matter; CP, Crude protein; ADF, Acid detergent fiber; TDN, Total digestible nutrient. 
Training ( n ?=?976) Validation ( n ?=?336) Breed Diet Breed Diet. 
P-value <0.0001 P-value <0.001 P-value <0.01 Analysis SNPs Genes SNPs Genes SNPs Genes. 
Unique SNPs and genes. 
P-value 4 Trait SNP BTA Allele Gene Symbol Gene Name Additive 3 Dominance 3 T V. 
Additive estimate relative to the minor allele;. 
P-value <0.0001;. 
Estimate ± standard error;. 
T, training data set; V, validation data set;. 
*Minor allele. 
ADG DMI P-value 4 SNP BTA Allele Gene Symbol Gene Name Additive 3 Dominance 3 Additive 3 Dominance 3 T V. 
Additive estimate relative to the minor allele;. 
P-value <0.0001;. 
Estimate ± standard error;. 
T, training data set; V, validation data set;. 
*Minor allele. 
SNP BTA Gene Symbol Phenotype. 
P-value <0.0001. 
RMSE 2  Phenotype SNP BTA Gene Symbol T V MA 4. 
P-value <0.0001;. 
Root mean square errors (RMSE) for the models using the training (T) and validation (V) data sets;. 
Root means square covariance (RMSC) for the bivariate model using the training (T) and validation (V) data sets;. 
MA, Model adequacy as defined in Eqs. 3 and 4, for the univariate and bivariate analyses, respectively. 
Gene Ontology term Genes P-value. 
P-value <0.0001. 
GO ID GO term Protein (SSP) a) P adj. b) Cluster c). 
SSP referring to those numbers in Figure 2 and short protein names referring to those proteins listed in Table S2 . 
P-value adjusted by the Benjamini multiple test adjustment. 
Cluster numbers referring to those in Figure 3 and Figure 4 . 
GO ID GO term Protein (SSP) a) P adj. b) Cluster c). 
SSP referring to those numbers in Figure 2 and short protein names referring to those proteins listed in Table S2 . 
P-value adjusted by the Benjamini multiple test adjustment. 
Cluster numbers referring to those in Figure 3 and Figure 4 . 
GO ID GO term Protein (SSP) a) P adj. b) Cluster c). 
SSP referring to those numbers in Figure 2 and short protein names referring to those proteins listed in Table S2 . 
P-value adjusted by the Benjamini multiple test adjustment. 
Cluster numbers referring to those in Figure 3 and Figure 4 . 
Low expression High expression        n n % n % P-value. 
Correlation between MEKK2 expression levels and various colorectal tissues. 
MEKK2, mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 2. 
Low expression High expression       Valuables n n % n % P-value. 
Correlation between MEKK2 expression levels and clinicopathological variables of colorectal carcinoma. 
MEKK2, mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 2; BMI, body mass index; T stage, depth of invasion; N stage, lymph node metastasis. 
Category Total, n PIN1 expression, n (%) P-value  Negative Positive. 
Expression of PIN1 in ECC and its correlation with the clinicopathological parameters, Ki-67 labeling index and TP53 expression. 
ECC, extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma; LN, lymph node; IG, intraductal growth; PI, periductal infiltrative. 
Protein spot no. Peptide matches, n AC Protein description Coverage, % Theoretical molar mass, KDa/pI Experimental molar mass, KDa/pI Relative volume of untreated, % Relative volume of IN-treated, % P-value. 
Characterized differential expression of IN-treated and untreated HCT116 cells. 
Relative volumes presented as mean ± standard deviation. IN, indomethacin; pI, isoelectric point; WISP-1, Wnt1-inducible singnaling pathway protein 1; uPAR, urokinase plasminogen activator receptor; Bfl-1, Bcl-2 related protein A1; PCNA, proliferating cell nuclear antigen; spry-1, sprouty homolog 1; p44 MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase 3; AC, accession number. 
User mass(Da) Matching mass (Da) ? mass (Da) MC Modification Position Peptide. 
Matching of differential protein spot 28 PMF results with protein Q03405 in the database. 
PMF, peptide mass fingerprint; MC, missed cleavages. 
Tumor type Prevalence (% of thyroid carcinomas) Characteristics Subtypes. 
Clinical overview of follicular thyroid cell-derived carcinomas. 
(modified from Ref. 75.). 
Author Age Sex Histology Location of metastasis Period from initial diagnosis to metastasis (yrs) symptoms treatment. 
Summary of reported cases with skull base metastasis from follicular thyroid carcinoma (FTC) and papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC). 
M: male, F: female. 
Tumor type Method Citation. 
Myc overexpression in PCa . 
a Percentage of tumors displaying the change . 
LN, lymph node; CRPC, castration-resistant PCa; LG, low grade; HG, high grade; Met, metastasis . 
Tumor type Method Citation. 
Pten loss in PCa . 
a Percentage of tumors displaying the change . 
Del (1×), deletion of one chromosome; (2×), deletion of two chromosomes; Gen Del, gene deletion; CRPC, castration-resistant PCa; Met, metastasis . 
% With fusion a Tumor type Method Citation. 
TMPRSS2/Erg fusions in PCa . 
a Percentage of tumors displaying the change . 
Met, metastasis . 
Tumor type Method Citation. 
p38 Signaling pathway in PCa . 
a Relative to normal samples . 
b IHC score,?+?1,?+?2,?+?3 . 
c Average intensity . 
d Percentage of tumors staining in medium to high range . 
CRPC, castration-resistant PCa; LG, low grade; HG, high grade; Met, metastasis . 
Tumor type Method Citation. 
Notch signaling in PCa . 
a Percentage of tumors with nuclear staining . 
b Relative to benign samples . 
c Percentage of tumors with high staining . 
LG, low grade; HG, high grade; Met, metastasis; GG, Gleason grade . 
Cells Parameter DMSO Rapamycin Torin1. 
Effects of drug inhibition on dHL-60 cell and primary neutrophil chemotaxis. 
Cells were pretreated with DMSO, Torin1 (250 nM, 30 min), and rapamycin (100 nM, 30 min) before chemotaxis assay. The chemotactic index is defined as the ratio of migration in the correct direction to the actual length of the migration path ( Xu et al. , 2005 ). 
module process genes genes predicted by phenotype to act in process supported by data? novel. 
Predicted gene functions. If several genes of a module have been implicated in a molecular process, other genes in the same homotypic ID module are predicted to act in the same process. Some of these predictions are already directly or indirectly supported by the indicated studies. Other predictions are novel, such as a role of MYCN, UPF3B and PIGV orthologs in synapse development. Numbering of phenotype modules as in Figure 6A . 
module gene(s) predicted to connect to gene(s) wider implications supported by data? novel. 
Beyond homotypic modules: selected connections predicated based on shared phenotypes and their wider implications. Further pair wise connections are listed in Table S4 . Wider implications of these predictions are discussed in the results and discussion sections. Numbering of phenotype modules as in Figure 6A . 
Lack of BRAF and RAS mutations in cSCC and HaCaT cell lines. 
DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.00969.007. 
The listed gene mutations were screened by Sequenom INT16/20 panel (Characterized Cell Line Core, MD Anderson Cancer Center) and HRAS was sequenced by Sanger sequencing. All examined loci were wild-type in the cSCC cell lines SRB1, SRB12, COLO16, and keratinocyte cell line HaCaT. The PIK3R1_M326I_G978 polymorphism was found in the SRB12 cell line. 
Percent control (50 nM) Percent control (200 nM) Percent control (1000 nM) Percent control (10 ?M) Calculated estimate of IC50 (nM) Published biochemical IC50 (nM). 
Quantitative competitive binding assays reveal additional kinase targets of vemurafenib. 
DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.00969.012. 
Quantitative competitive binding assays were performed for a group of kinases previously tested against vemurafenib as well as a group of MAP kinases upstream of JNK. Published biochemical IC50s for vemurafenib are listed (see main text) for comparison and demonstrate good quantitative correspondence between estimated K d from binding assays and biochemical IC50s. ZAK and MKK4 (MAP2K4) were very tightly bound by vemurafenib with estimated K d below 50 nM. Bold text indicates the kinases tested for inhibition by vemurafenib with in-vitro kinase assays. 
Type of cell Stimuli inducing production of ROS Phosphorylation pathways Transcription factors Effects of ROS in target cells Ref.:. 
Redox-sensitive intracellular signaling in different cells. 
Event Host target Effector protein/ phospholipid Mechanism hijacked. 
Examples of eukaryotic targets hijacked by Listeria monocytogenes . 
Acronym Translation. 
The signalling component acronyms and their translations involved in the mechanisms of Listeri a ?mediated entry into eukaryotic cells. 
Biotechnological application. 
The different areas of biotechnology where the knowledge on Listeria is being harnessed toward application. 
Tissues Cases Expression of RhoB % Positive rate % Strong positive rate %   <25 25-50 50-75 >75  . 
RhoB protein levels were detected in normal ovaries, benign disease, borderline tumors and malignant ovary carcinoma respectively. 
Sum 57 33 15 8 1. 
All of the tumors were assessed according to the FIGO and classified in stage I-IV. After operation, 0 patients were classified in Stage I since Stage I disease is rare in ovarian surgery because it is asymptomatic in early stage. 7 in Stage II, 39 in Stage III, and 11 in Stage IV. Stage I disease is rare because it is asymptomatic in early stage. RhoB expression decreases significantly from stage II (71.4%) to stage III (43.5%) to stage IV (18.2%, * P <0.05). 
Group Example(s). 
Some microbial anti?tumour compounds. 
Some approved plant?derived anti?tumour compounds. 
Marine products with anti?tumour activity. 
Patient Age Sex T Grade CH CHT RT Relapse Trail%. 
Clinicopathological data of patients and TRAIL oncoprotein expression percentage. 
T: tumor extension, CH: surgery, CHT: chemotherapy, RT: radiotherapy. 
Statin Dose Experimental model Possible mechanism involving Treg Ref. 
Lines of evidence on the modulation of regulatory T cells by statins in mice. 
Statin Dose Subjects and approach Possible mechanism involving Treg Ref. 
Evidences on the modulation of Treg cells by statins in humans. 
Mouse ensemble Symbol mRNA Protein gene ID   Log 2 -FC T/A+ vs T/A? Ratio T/A+ vs. T/A?. 
Genes were identified in our BA/F3 cell line model using chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP)-on-chip and gene expression. Genes with changes in protein output as identified by stable isotope labelling by amino acids in cell culture (SILAC) are given. Please note that Cfl1 is downregulated on mRNA level, but exhibits higher protein levels because of enhanced protein stability. 
Cell line Patient Organ Disease Stage Derived from Reference. 
Abbreviation: HNPCC, hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer. 
All data on cell line origins was retrieved from the original papers describing the cell lines. 
Cell line MSI status CIMP panel 1 CIMP panel 2 CIN KRAS BRAF PIK3CA PTEN TP53. 
Abbreviations: CIN, chromosomal instability pathway; MSI, microsatellite instability; MSS, microsatellite stable; CIMP, CpG island methylator phenotype; X, stop codon; fs, frame shift; wt, wild type. 
Mutations are annotated at the protein level as described by den Dunnen et al. 54 (standard one-letter amino acid abbreviations, X and fs). For further details, see Supplementary Table 1 . 
No publication on WiDr karyotype was found; however, WiDr and HT-29 are identical cell lines. 19. 
Previously reported mutations not covered by our assays. 
Feature Issa 16 panel 1 Weisenberger et al. 20 panel 2   CIMP+ (%) CIMP? (%) P -value CIMP+ (%) CIMP? (%) P -value. 
Abbreviations: MSI, microsatellite instability; CIMP, CpG island methylator phenotype. 
DLD-1 and WiDr are identical with HCT-15 and HT-29, and were excluded from the analyses. 
Title Phase Protocol ID Cancer type Compounds Mechanism. 
Ongoing trials with PI3K pathway inhibitors in the treatment of lung cancer. 
Epac PKA AKAP PDE AC small GTPases. 
Expression of elements of cAMP signalling in cells and tissues involved in the pathogenesis of lung diseases. 
Study (reference) Patients Treatment Primary end-point Relative risk (RR) (95% Confidence Interval, CI). 
Clinical Trials of Sporadic Colorectal Adenoma. 
AFPPS: Aspirin/Folate Polyp Prevention Study; CAPS: Colorectal Adenoma Prevention Study; APACC: Prévention par l'Aspirine du Cancer Colorectal; ukCAP: United Kingdom Colorectal Adenoma Prevention; J-CAPP: Japan Colorectal Aspirin Polyps Prevention. 
Study (reference) Patients Treatment Primary end-point RR or Hazard ratio (HR) (95% CI). 
Clinical Trials of Hereditary Colorectal Neoplasia. 
CAPP: Colorectal Adenoma/Carcinoma Prevention Programme; J-FAPP: Japan Familial Adenomatous Polyposis Prevention. 
Pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetics characteristics of aspirin. 
Median Average Standard Deviation Minimum Maximum. 
# Significantly different proteins # of clusters     False Discovery Rate       0.1 0.01     Comparison # Wilcoxon signed-rank T-Test Wilcoxon signed-rank T-Test Protein Samples Disease status Blood vs. Marrow. 
Functional Class Apoptosis Cell Cycle Expression Proliferation Signalling Miscellaneous. 
All proteins in bold were significant at a Bonferroni corrected p-value of p < 0.00041. Those in plain type were significant at a p value < 0.001 but >0.00041, those in italics were signficant at a p-value < 0.01 but > 0.001. Proteins that are underlined were only significant when LSC were compared to Bulk cells but not when LSC were compared to CD34+ cells. Proteins preceeded by a # were significantly different, at the P <0.00041 level, when LSC were compared with Bulk cells. Proteins preceeded by a * were also significant when CD34+ cells were compared to Bulk cells. A lower case p after a protein name indicates “phosphorylated” protein, in some cases the affected amino acid is noted. 
Protein Pairs Found Significantly Different (% of 7260)  p-value CD34+CD38- vs. bulk Scrambled CD34+CD38- vs. bulk CD34+CD38- vs. CD34+ Scrambled CD34+CD38- vs. CD34+ Number of Shared Protein Pairs (2). 
This is the bonferroni corrected p-value based on 7260 possible comparisons. 
Significantly different pairs between both CD34+CD38- and Bulk and CD34+CD38- and CD34+ (% is relative to the total number of significantly different pairs found for CD34+CD38- vs. CD34+ at each p-value). 
Gene IHCC EHCC GB References. 
Common mutations in biliary tract cancer. 
Abbreviations: IHCC, intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma; EHCC, extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma; GB, gallbladder carcinoma; HER-2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2. 
Line Phase Number of patients ORR mPFS (months) mOS (months) Reference. 
Phase II and Phase III clinical trials investigating targeted agents in BTC. 
Abbreviations: BTC, biliary tract cancer; ORR, overall response rate; mPFS, median progression-free survival; mOS, median overall survival; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; GemOx, gemcitabine and oxaliplatin; HER-2, human epidermal growth receptor 2; cape, capecitabine; pmab, panitumumab; Gem/Irino, gemcitabine/irinotecan; MEK, mitogen-activated protein kinase. 
Drug Target Phase of development NCT number. 
Clinical trials currently enrolling in BTC. 
Abbreviations: BTC, biliary tract cancer; NCT, National Clinical Trial; HER-2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; AKT, protein kinase B; MEK, mitogen-activated protein kinase. 
Antibody Clone Source Dilution. 
Protein Level of staining N (%) NgBR Nogo-B Survivin  ?146 (36.5) +121 (30.3) ++133 (33.3) p -value ?33 (8.2) +94(23.5) ++273 (68.2) p -value ?64 (16.0) +149 (37.2) ++187 (46.8) p -value. 
The IHC staining levels of NgBR, Nogo-B and survivin were expressed as the score calculated by combining the staining intensity and percentage of positive cells. They were scored as negative (?, score 0 to 4), weak (+, score 5 to 6) and strong (++, score 7 to 8). N: case number; (%): percentage of total case number. 
Stage N (%) NgBR Score Survivin Score Correlation p -value. 
p <0.05; N: case number; (%): percentage of total case number. 
Stage N (%) Correlation p -value. 
p <0.05; N: case number; (%): percentage of total case number. 
Cell line SU11274 Erlotinib Combination. 
case (n?=?1417) control (n?=?1008). 
•?all the information are collected at the moment of the cases diagnosed and controls recruited. 
Genes P Pathway P. 
•?all the results were calculated by ARTP method with the significant SNPs ( P <0.05) in the loci-level associated analysis collected. 
•?the significant P values were marked in the bold. 
CHR SNP Gene OR L95 U95 P iHs_ASN iHs_CEU iHs_YRI Gene_ASN Gene_CEU Gene_YRI. 
•?the “+” stands for the genes under positive selection. 
Gene CEU YRI ASN. 
•?On the basis of the haplotter the positive selections were estimated for almost all the genes in the pathway in which P <0.1 was looked as the threshold. 
•?the significant P values were marked in the bold. 
SNP Gene Allele Genotype loci_iHS gene_iHS loci_based P gene_based P cis-eQTL    mm Mm MM     . 
•?m, minor allele; M, major allele. 
•?the iHS values are referred to be the ASN population. 
•?the eQTL is based on the Sanger with three different databases: HapMapIII, MuTHER healthy female twins and Geneva GenCord individuals. 
Structure, co-signaling nature, and receptors of B7 family members. 
Collections Subcollections No. of groups q -values<0.05 P -value<10?6       NPP (86 organisms) NPP (64 organisms) NPP (43 organisms) NPP (22 organisms) BPP (86 organisms) NPP (86 organisms) NPP (64 organisms) NPP (43 organisms) NPP (22 organisms) BPP (86 organisms). 
Protein Description Normal function Disease association. 
Calcium channels and calcium channel subunits implicated in ASD. 
Protein Description Normal function Disease association. 
Sodium channels implicated in ASD. 
Protein Description Normal function Disease association. 
Potassium channels and potassium channel subunits implicated in ASD. 
Protein Description Normal function Disease association. 
Transmembrane receptor genes implicated in ASD. 
Carrier Disease Target miRNA (s) and role in cancer References. 
MiRNAs as targets for cancer therapy through delivery of anti-miRNA oligonucleotides or miRNA-expressing constructs mediated by viral and non-viral vectors. 
Channel Cell type Cell migration Techniques used Proposed mechanism References   Epithelial Endothelial   . 
TRP/Orai1 functions in cancer and endothelial cell migration . 
HMEC, human microvascular EC; HPAEC, human pulmonary artery EC; HUVEC, human umbilical vein EC; EA.hy926, EC line derived from HUVECs fused with human lung adenocarcinoma cell line A549; BTEC, tumor derived EC from breast carcinoma; MAEC, Mause Aortic EC; BHMEC, brain microvascular EC; EPC, endothelial precursors cells; RCC-EPC, EPC isolated from renal carcinoma patients; EGF, epithelial Growth Factor; ClC-3, chloride channel; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog protein; TIMP1, metallopeptidase inhibitor 1; MAPK, mitogen activated protein kinase; IGF, insulin-like growth factor; GZMA, Granzyme A; MMP9, Matrix metalloproteinase 9; PI3K, Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; MMP2, Matrix metalloproteinase 2; AA, arachidonic acid. 
Company Dompé Schering-Plough GlaxoSmith Kline AstraZeneca. 
Table summarizing the best characterized CXCR1/2 small molecule antagonists available from a range of pharmaceutical companies, and the pre-clinical cancer studies and clinical trials in other inflammatory conditions in which they have be utilized. 
* depicts corresponding antagonist and study; Italics - trial currently recruiting/underway. 
1htg 1vgc 1bbp. 
Prevalence of H-bonds in special configurations. 
We examined the H-bonds calculated with HBPLUS [ 36 ] on 3 example proteins from [ 15 ]: HIV-1 protease (1htg), serine protease (1vgc), and bilin binding protein (1bbp). We counted how many H-bonds were found in each configuration type shown in Figure 3, which are of special interest in mechanical modeling. 
D1 D2 D3. 
Example B-cubed scoring calculations. 
Shown are the calculations of B-cubed precision, recall, and F1-scores for the small examples shown in Figure 7. The scoring method is described in the Methods section. The B-cubed score (shown as F1) for decomposition D1 is higher than the all-rigid (D2) and all-floppy (D3) decompositions. In the all-rigid baseline, all 10 residues are placed into the same cluster (D2), resulting in 100% recall but low precision. To contrast, in the all-floppy baseline, each residue is placed in a unique cluster resulting in 100% precision but low recall. 
Decomposition Method Description. 
Decomposition methods. 
We evaluate the 6 decomposition method variants. The first three serve as baselines against which the new modeling options, proposed in this paper, are compared. The data set and results of of our evaluation of the 7 methods are listed in Figure 8. 
Protein PDB MSU-FIRST KINARI v1.0 RigidFinder. 
Comparison of flexible loops detected by MSU-FIRST, KINARI v1.0, and RigidFinder on four proteins. 
A comparison of the flexible loop regions detected by KINARI v1.0, MSU-FIRST, and RigidFinder. The four proteins, with annotated flexible loops, were used in the validation of MSU-FIRST [ 1 , 5 ]. The table data for MSU-FIRST was taken from the same publications. For KINARI v1.0 and RigidFinder, flexible loops were determined visually. Because RigidFinder computes decompositions based on multiple conformations, the results shown will match for all conformations of the same protein. 
p110?  p110? H1047R  p110? E545K  p110?  p110?  p110? . 
(A) Radioactive TLC lipid kinase assay using 100 ?M ATP Radioactive TLC assay p110?  p110? H1047R  p110? E545K  p110?  p110?  p110? . 
Category Term Count % P. 
Pathways enriched with differentially methylated genes from the comparison between normal lung tissues from smokers and nonsmokers. 
Term Count % P. 
Pathway enrichment analysis for smoking-induced lung cancer-specific differentially methylated genes. 
Peptide name Amino acid sequence NetMHC 3.2 ANN IC50 (nM) BIMAS score HLA-binding capability (%) a. 
HLA-A2-binding capability was estimated by the increase in mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) as determined by flow cytometry after staining of RMA-S/A2 cells with anti-HLA-A2 mAb, as follows: MFI increase (%) ?=? (MFI with a given peptide – MFI without peptides)/(MFI without peptides) X 100. The experiments were repeated three times and a representative result is shown. 
WT-5 and WT-7 peptides have wild-type sequences, corresponding to the T790M-5 and T790M-7 peptides, respectively. 
NA, not available. 
EGFR-TKI     Patient Age Sex Activating EGFR mutation Primary response a Resistance Treatment period (days) Timing of sampling (days) c T790M-5 d T790M-7 d T790M mutation e. 
Abbreviations: M, male; F, female; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease. 
Primary clinical responses to EGFR-TKIs. 
Treatment with EGFR-TKIs was ongoing in the EGFR-TKI-sensitive patients at the time of blood sampling. 
The period (days) between discontinuance of EGFR-TKI-treatment and blood sampling. 
Spot numbers (/2×104 cells) by ELISPOT assay. 
T790M mutation examined by droplet digital PCR in cell-free DNA from plasma. 
Molecule Targeting technique Effect Ref. 
Potential therapeutic targets in obstructive nephropathy. 
Notes: Bolded text in Effect column = interventions with negative consequences. 
Abbreviations: KO, knock-out; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; ACE, angiotensin-converting enzyme; NF-?B, nuclear transcription factor-kappaB; OPN, osteopontin; MCSF-1, macrophage colony-stimulating factor-1; TGF-?1, transforming growth factor-?1; BMP-7, bone morphogenetic protein-7; EPO, erythropoietin; PAI-1, plasminogen activator; inhibitor-1; RAS, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system; ET-1, endothelin-1; PTHrP, parathyroid hormone-related protein; iNOS, inducible nitric oxide synthase. 
Biomarker Patients Urinary levels Cut-off value Sensitivity Specificity Accuracy Ref. 
Clinical studies on biomarkers in UTO. 
Notes: UPJO is related to UPJO with criteria for surgery unless otherwise stated. The differences on the values are statistically significant unless otherwise stated. 
Abbreviations: UPJO, ureteropelvic junction obstruction; UVJO, ureterovesical junction obstruction; VUR, vesico-ureteral reflux; BU, bladder urine; PU, pelvic urine; VU, voided urine; NR, not reported; cr, creatinine; TGF Beta-1, transforming growth factor I; EGF, epidermal growth factor; MCP-I, monocyte chemoattractant protein I; NAG, N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase; AR alkaline phosphatase; GGT gamma-glutamyl transferase. 
Uniprot Acc# Protein Name Location Signal intensity (average) Ratio    HT SU LCL HT/LCL SU/LCL. 
Abbreviations: DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; B-LCL, B-lymphoblastoid cell line. 
Lymphoma Types No. Positivity (%) Gender M/F Age (mean). 
Abbreviations: MALT, mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue. 
Parameter Worst factor No. (%) p-value (log rank test). 
Abbreviations: LDH, lactate dehydrogenase; IPI, international prognosis index; RanGAP1, Ran GTPase-activating protein 1; GC, germinal center. 
Mouse cytokines Accession number 5'-3' primer sequence. 
F: forward primer; R: reverse primer. 
Sequences for primers were obtained from Genbank and NCBI. Primers were designed to span intron-exon boundaries to prevent amplification of possible genomic DNA using Beacon Designer (Palo Alto, CA, USA), and BLAST searches were performed to ensure specificity. Finally, the primers were synthesized at Sangon Biotech (Shanghai, China). 
Cytokines Mean (range) value of cytokines mRNA expression ratio (?-glu6 treated vs. control)   4h 24h. 
Data in bold are those with >2-fold difference. * up-regulation (>2-fold increase vs. control), ** down-regulation (>2-fold decrease vs. control). Data are presented as 2- ??Ctmean [2-(??Ct+SD), 2-(??Ct–SD)], ??Ct= (CtGene-Ct GAPDH) treatment-(CtGene-CtGAPDH) control. 
Probe enP probe 5? probe 3? probe 5? probe 5? probe. 
Southern blot analyses identified successfully targeted DPP9 wt/flox embryonic stem cells using probes described in this table. *NdeI restriction site was inserted during introduction of DPP9 S729A mutation. 
Primer name mDPP9_E20.F mDPP9_i20.R. 
DPP9 wt/S729A intercross progeny and MEFs generated from these progeny were genotyped by PCR using primers and PCR cycle outlined below. 
Genotype Gender  DPP9 S729A/S729A DPP9 wt/S729A DPP9 wt/wt Total ? ? Total. 
Observed weights are expressed as the mean ± standard deviation. 
Genotype Gender  DPP9 S729A/S729A DPP9 wt/S729A DPP9 wt/wt Total ? ? Total. 
Genotype Gender  DPP9 wt/S729A DPP9 wt/wt Total ? ? Total. 
Variable WT-CTRL (n?=?6) WT-Ang II (n?=?6) TG-CTRL (n?=?6) TG-Ang II (n?=?6). 
Bodyweight (BW), heart rate (HR), mean arterial pressure (MAP), ejection fraction (EF) and echocardiographic measurements after Ang II infusion in the mice. 
IVSd ?diastolic intraventricular septum thickness, IVSs systolic intraventricular septum thickness, LVPWd ?diastolic left ventricular posterior wall thickness, LVPWs ?systolic left ventricular posterior wall thickness, LVDd ?diastolic systolic left ventricular diameter, LVDs ?systolic left ventricular diameter, EF ejection fraction. Values were expressed as means?±?SEM (n?=?6), * P ?<?0.05 vs. WT-CTRL group; # P ?<?0.05 vs. WT-Ang II group. WT-CTRL, vehicle-infused wild type (WT) mice; WT-Ang II, angiotensin II (Ang II)-infused WT mice; TG-CTRL, vehicle-infused transgenic (TG) mice; TG-Ang II, Ang II-infused TG mice. 
   . 
Transcription factors predicted to interact with phosphoproteins found in MS experiments. 
Predicted network of interaction for phosphoproteins found using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis. The list of phosphoproteins found were subjected to Ingenuity Pathway Analysis (IPA) to investigate problable protein interactions for each cellular compartment. Proteins described to be transcription factors were selected to investigate the activation of osteblast related genes by quantitative real-time PCR. 
10 min/0 h 30 min/10 min 1 h/30 min 2 h/1 h GO term #Seq Score GO term #Seq Score GO term #Seq Score GO term #Seq Score. 
Protein annotation for biological processes of upregulated proteins. 
Consistently upregulated proteins were input in Blast2go software for mapping and annotation of gene ontologies. Biological processes over-represented were selected and classified according to level. Top: low levels; bottom. 
Gene 5?- 3? nucleotide sequence. 
List of Primers used in qRT-PCR. 
List of primers used to amplify the cDNA in order to investigate changes in mRNA upon BMP2 treatment in qRT-PCR. F: forward; R: reverse. 
Organ or system Target tissue or cell Specific effects. 
Vitamin D can exert its action in several organ systems and tissues of the body. This occurs in a paracrine, autocrine, intracrine or endocrine manner [ 24 , 25 , 26 ]. 
? = upregulates/increases; ? = downregulates/decreases. CYP24A1 OHase = 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 24-hydroxylase; IL = interleukin; NGF = nerve growth factor; NPT1 = sodium-dependent phosphate transporter 1; NPT2 = sodium-dependent phosphate transporter 2; PTH = parathyroid hormone; RANKL = receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand; SPP-1 = secreted phosphoprotein 1; TRPV5 = transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 5; TRPV6 = transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 6; TSH = thyroid stimulating hormone. 
Cancer MR (deaths/100,000/Year) * US [ 149 , 152 ] Australia [ 155 ] China [ 153 , 156 ] France [ 158 ] Japan [ 151 ] Nordic countries [ 162 ] Spain [ 157 ]. 
Cancers for which inverse correlations between incidence and/or mortality rates (MRs) were found with respect to indices of solar UVB dose in single-country studies (references to be supplied). 
* [ 167 ]; MR, MR for males, United States, 1970–94, unless for a female cancer. 
Cancer [ 171 ] [ 154 ] [ 172 ] Others. 
Results from observational studies of cancer incidence with respect to UVB irradiance or serum 25(OH)D levels. 
* Not statistically significant. 
MicroRNAs with a define role in AML. 
Initial response genes (0.5–1 hour) Intermediate regulators (2–4 hours) Late effectors (6–8 hours) Genes with no change in expression Gene Flow Gene Flow Gene Flow Gene Flow. 
Time GO Term % genes PValue Bonferroni. 
GO Term % genes PValue Bonferroni. 
KEGG Pathway Edges in longest predicted path. 
Method Predicted Genes Predicted Edges Intermediate regulators in network Edges to Intermediate regulators Amit et. al regulators predicted Chevrier et al. regulators predicted Chevrier et al. TLR targets predicted # KEGG pathways with predicted paths (maximum length * ). 
one gene with 0.05<p<0.1. 
length indicates the maximum number of consecutive directed edges identified in the pathway. 
Sample Term % genes PValue Bonferroni. 
Beneficial role ? Deleterious role. 
Beneficial and deleterious roles of small Hsps. Schematic illustration of the dual role of intracellular and extracellular small Hsps as well as autoantibodies against these proteins. 
Examples of small molecules—dual activators of transcription factors NRF2 and HSF1. 
Group HR (beats/min) LVSP (mmHg) LVEDP (mmHg) +dp/dt (mmHg/sec) ?dp/dt (mmHg/sec). 
Hemodynamic parameters evaluated by invasive measurements. 
Data are expressed as the mean ± SEM. 
P<0.05 vs. control group;. 
P<0.05 vs. DCM group;. 
P<0.05 vs. GFP group (n=8 rats per group). 
HR, heart rate; LVSP, left ventricular systolic pressure; LVEDP, left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; +dp/dt, maximum rate of left ventricular pressure rise; ?dp/dt, maximum rate of left ventricular pressure fall; DCM, diabetic cardiomyopathy; GFP, green fluorescent protein; hNRG-1, human neuregulin-1. 
Primer Primer sequences Position (bp). 
Primer sequences. 
Restriction enzyme sites were Kpn I and Hin dIII. F, forward; R, reverse. Underlining indicates restriction enzyme sites. 
Substance Value ( ? l). 
PCR amplification reaction system. 
Characteristics SR (n=10) AF (n=10). 
General clinical characteristics of the study population. 
Age, LAD and LVEF are presented as the mean ± standard error of the mean. Gender and grade of heart function were compared using Fisher’s exact probability method;. 
P<0.05 compared with the SR group. SR, sinus rhythm; AF, atrial fibrillation; LAD, left atrial diameter; LVEF, left ventricular ejection fraction; NYHA, New York heart function classification. 
Group (n=3) Monolayer clearance (%)  6 h 12 h. 
Effect of Ang II on GENC monolayer permeability. 
P<0.05 and. 
P<0.01 compared with the normal control group;. 
P<0.01 compared with the Ang II group. Ang II, angiotensin II; GENC, glomerular endothelial cell; EC, endothelial cell. 
Group (n=4) Fluorescence intensity of F-actin in GENCs Negative control Normal control Ang II 6 h Ang II 12 h Ang II 6 h + dexamethasone Ang II 12 h + dexamethasone. 
Effects of 10 mg/l Ang II on GENC F-actin levels. 
P<0.01 compared with the normal control group and. 
P<0.01 compared with the corresponding Ang II group. No fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC)-phalloidin was observed in the negative control group. GENC, glomerular endothelial cell; Ang II, angiotensin II. 
Primer, plasmid, or strain Relevant characteristics Source or reference. 
Genome Size, Mb PATRIC coding sequences a RefSeq coding sequences b Finished Pathogenic. 
a This column shows the number of coding sequences for each of the genomes that are available in the PATRIC database ( 53 ). 
b This column shows the number of coding sequences available in the National Center for Biotechnology Information Reference Sequence database ( 54 ). 
Group Locus tag Protein name Secretion system Successfully cloned Number of PPIs detected Human Murine Conserved. 
a Gene located within the loci of a type 6 secretion system (T6SS) clusters ( cluster 1 [c1]: BMAA0744-0729, cluster 2 [c2]: BMAA0438-0455, cluster 3 [c3]: BMAA0396-0412, and cluster 4 [c4]: BMAA1897-1915) ( 13 ). 
b Type 5 secretion system effector (auto-transporter), located adjacent to T6SS c1. 
c Predicted phospholipase, a putative type 2 secretion system (T2SS) effector ( 60 ). 
d Gene located within the locus of the type 3 secretion system (T3SS) (animal pathogen): BMAA1520-1552 ( 14 ). 
e T6SS-associated effector not located in any known or annotated T6SS cluster. 
f T3SS-predicted effector not located in any known or annotated T3SS. 
g Predicted as a T3SS effector, but located adjacent to T6SS c1. 
h Predicted to be secreted by the general Sec pathway and therefore possibly related to the type 2 secretion system. 
i Protein located within the locus of the putative plant-pathogenicity-associated T3SS: BMAA1617–1640 ( 61 ). 
Virus Viral protein Major reported functions Reference. 
Viral proteins are encoded in BLV and HTLV-1 pX regions. 
Signaling Pathway Compound Name Mode of Action. 
Mode of action of signaling pathway-targeted inhibitory compounds. 
Reduction Simulation Biological data Model behaviour. 
Asterisks denote facts explicitly related to bladder cancer, whereas unmarked entries correspond to generic or loosely specified mechanisms. Full simulation results can be found in Dataset S3 , with the help of the identifiers provided in the first two columns. 
Model Phenotypes References. 
Abnormalities in mouse hair follicle morphogenesis due to dysregulated EGFR-Ras-Raf pathway. 
Site Compound Possible source of exposure IARC Classification. 
IARC carcinogen classification for compounds affecting the renal and urinary system: Several examples of chemical substances which are either known or suspected to induce cancers of the kidney and urinary system. IARC grouping: Class 1—known to cause cancer in humans, Class 2A—probably carcinogenic to humans, Class 2B—possibly carcinogenic to humans, Class 3—not found to be carcinogenic to humans. 
Structure of Ochrotoxin A [ 81 ] ( a ); Potassium bromated [ 82 ] ( b ); Aristolochic Acid [ 83 ] ( c ) and Chloroform [ 84 ] ( d ). 
Carcinogenesis Proliferation/Invasion Metastases. 
Molecular changes reported for penile carcinomas. 
Molecular target Genetic aberration (%) Type aberration. 
Oncogenes in PDAC: genetic aberration percentual and type. 
Molecular target Genetic aberration (%) Type aberration. 
Tumor suppressors in PDAC: genetic aberration percentage and type. 
Non-coding RNAs Symbol Functions. 
Classes of non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs). 
Long-ncRNA Function Reference. 
Long-ncRNA in Heart Development and Pathophysiology. 
Cell type Characteristics References. 
Age-associated changes in immune cell populations and functions. 
DHACs Co-factor Type of mechanical factor Cell type Functions References. 
HDACs involved in the regulation of vascular cells in response to haemodynamic forces. 
miRNA Expression Type of mechanical factor Cell type Functions References. 
MiRNAs involved in the regulation of vascular cells in response to haemodynamic forces. 
Treatments * TWI (%) † T- C (days) § ILS (%) #. 
Therapeutic efficacy of docetaxel and sorafenib combination in NCI-N87 xenografts. 
Nude mice bearing NCI-N87 human gastric cancer tumours were treated i.p. with 5 mg/kg/day of docetaxel for 3 days or with 30 mg/kg/day sorafenib p.o. for 14, 21 or 28 consecutive days. 
Tumour weight inhibition calculated at the nadir of the effect. 
Tumour growth delay, evaluated as T – C, where T and C are the median times for treated and control tumours, respectively, to achieve equivalent size. 
Increased lifespan of mice. 
Statistical analysis: combination treatments (schedules c-e) were significantly different ( P < 0.001) from single treatments (schedules a and b) and from untreated groups in terms of tumour weight inhibition, tumour growth delay and survival of mice. 
Substrate Function. 
TCF4/?-catenin target genes. 
Examples of p53 target genes. 
Target protein Function. 
Examples of proteasome target proteins. 
Cox-independent anti-neoplastic actions of Cox inhibitors. 
Merlin construct Morphogenic effect Intramolecular association Growth suppression. 
Summary of the effects of the C-terminal merlin variants. 
Nd: not determined. 
SBP (mmHg)   Group Base line At 4 weeks At 8 weeks. 
Changes of systolic blood pressure (SBP) during the study. 
Data were presented as mean ± SED, n = 5. 
P < 0.01 versus WKY group. 
SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rat; WKY, Wistar-Kyoto. 
Clinicopathological correlations      In vitro effects In vivo effects References. 
Caveolin-1 expression in primary carcinoma and in metastatic disease and correlation with in vivo and in vitro effects. 
Cav1: caveolin-1; GIST: gastrointestinal stromal tumour; IHC: immunohistochemistry; RCC: renal cell carcinoma; ESCC: oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma; NSCLC: non-small cells lung carcinoma; SCLC: small cells lung carcinoma. 
miRs that are significantly differentially expressed in human cancers and their validated in vivo targets. 
Upward pointing arrows in red boxes indicate that the miR is up-regulated in the cancer-type while downward pointing arrows in green boxes indicate down-regulated miRs. Yellow boxes with both Upward- & downward-pointing arrows indicate that miR was reported to be up-regulated in one study but down-regulated in another study. 
MicroRNA Disease Expression Targets References. 
MiRNAs implicated in inflammatory and immune-mediated diseases. 
MiRNA mRNA target Virus Function References. 
MiRNAs involved in virus-host interactions. 
Cancer miR-21 expression in human tissues/cells miR-21 involvement in biological process miR-21 targets References. 
miR-21 regulation and function in human cancer. 
Question mark depicts direct targeting to be further validated. 
Organ Type Incidence Proportion. 
Summary table of HEY1 expression in different tumour types as determined by in situ hybridization on three multi-tumour TMAs. 
Type Incidence Proportion. 
Summary table of HEY1 expression on CNS and glioma specific TMAs as determined by in situ hybridization. 
HEY negative C.I.95% HEY positive C.I.95%. 
Summary table of the disease-free survival (DFS) and median survival of glioblastoma patients expressing or non-expressing HEY1. In all experiments, investigators blinded to the clinical outcome performed in situ hybridizations. 
Gene Primer pairs Amplicon Accession number. 
Primers employed in quantitative real-time RT-PCR. 
Polymorphism SNP ID miRNA/gene Allele Description Size of cohort cases/controls Population Risk (95% CI) Reference. 
List of miRNA SNPs evaluated in solid cancer epidemiologic studies. 
Vector type Virus type Maximum gene size Transgene localization. 
Summary of viral vectors used in gene therapy. 
Abbreviations: MLV; Moloney leukaemia virus, AAV; Adeno-associated virus, HSV; Herpes simplex virus. 
Target protein Function in AD Vector Site of expression Effect References. 
Summary of gene therapy studies in AD. 
Abbreviations: B.F.; basal forebrain, N.B.; nucleus basalis, N.B.M.; nucleus basalis of Meynert, F.C.; frontal cortex, MLV; Moloney leukaemia virus, rAAV; recombinant Adeno-associated virus, siRNA; short interfering RNA. 
BH domains present Bcl2 family members Function. 
Classification of Bcl2 family proteins. Bcl2 family proteins are classified according to their BH domain and their function (see text for details). 
Autophagy facilitates apoptosis Autophagy antagonizes apoptosis & necrosis Autophagy cooperates with apoptosis. 
Interrelations between necrosis, autophagy and apoptosis. 
Gene primer sequence ( 5?–3? ) GenBank accession no. Size of PCR products (bp). 
Primer sequence, GenBank accession numbers and size of PCR products (bp). 
ShRNA DNA sequences Genes . 
ShRNA sequences used to knockdown cAMP effectors. 
Test Parameter Difference between genotypes: control vs. mutant mice   5W after TAM control: n = 16 mutant: n = 15 3M after TAM control: n = 6 mutant: n = 5 6M after TAM control: n = 6 mutant: n = 7. 
Statistical analysis of the behavioral tests . 
Test Parameter 5W after TAM Controls, n = 16: 8 females, 8 males Mutants: n = 15: 5 females, 10 males. 
Analysis of gender differences in control and TIF-IA CaMKCreERT2 5 weeks after tamoxifen treatment . 
Control I/R Ang II NAC Apocynin Ang II + NAC Ang II + apocynin. 
Effect of NAC and Apocyanin on Ang II pre-conditioning. Isolated hearts were treated as mentioned in the methods section. The hearts were then subjected to 30 min ischaemia followed by 2 hrs reperfusion. Measurements were taken at the baseline and at the end of reperfusion. Results are expressed as mean ± SEM. * P < 0.05 versus I/R, † P < 0.05 versus Ang II. LVDP = Left Ventricular Developed Pressure, dp/dt = Max. First Derivative of Developed Pressure. 
Target process Molecule TK fusion Current status Resistance Reference. 
TK fusion inhibitors. 
Clinical trials are ongoing for other indications. 
Active against mutants that are resistant to conventional ATP competitors. 
The combination of GNF-2 with helix-2 or nilotinib is active against resistant mutations. 
Classification of chronic myeloid neoplasms modified from the 2008 World Health Organization classification scheme [ 313 ]. 
JAK2 MPL PDGFRA PDGFRB FGFR1 (phenotype) (phenotype) (phenotype) (phenotype) (phenotype). 
Mutations of putative pathogenetic relevance in myeloproliferative neoplasms. 
PV, polycythemia vera; ET, essential thrombocythemia; PMF, primary myelofibrosis; AML, acute myeloid leukaemia; MPN-U, unclassified MPN; CEL-SM, chronic eosinophilic leukaemia associated with systemic mastocytosis; CMML, chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia; JMML, juvenile myelomonocytic leukaemia; SCLL, stem cell leukaemia-lymphoma syndrome. 
Class HDAC members associated with References. 
Current classes of HDACs. 
Drug HDACs targeted Phase Method of delivery Dosage range Adverse reactions. 
Clinical parameters from clinical trials using HDi as single agents. 
miRNA Fold of control  4 hrs after infection 24 hrs after infection. 
List of miRNAs found to be differentially regulated under influenza virus infection in microarray analysis. 
Self-Renewal Multi-potency of Differentiation Genomic instability differentiation induced cell death (DICD) Piwil2 Tumourigenesis in recipients Benign Malignant. 
Functional comparison between NSCs, pCSCs and CSCs. 
MIN: micro-satellite instability; CIN: chromosomal instability. 
Subtype No. of non-silent mutations per sample (avg) No. of recurrently mutated (RM) genes RM genes: FDR < 0.05. 
Recurrent somatic mutations of breast cancer subtypes [ 10 , 11 , 16 ]. 
Class Target Type of cancer Autophagy role Method used to evaluate autophagy References. 
Identifier Cancer type Drugs Phase Title. 
NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; CML, chronic myeloid leukemia; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; MTD, maximum tolerated dose; HCQ, hydroxychloroquine. 
Strategies Target The effect on autophagy. 
FGFR isoform Ligand specificity. 
Ligand specificity of the fibroblast growth factor receptor family [ 188 – 201 ]. 
Group Time (h) Apoptosis (%) Caspase-3 activity (% control). 
Effects of pretreatment of MEK inhibitor, PD98059 in rat undifferentiated granulosa cells. 
Direct TPG Infant Pediatric Adult Total   ALL AML Other ALL AML Other ALL AML Other  . 
Abbreviations: ALL, acute lymphocytic leukemia; AML, acute myeloid leukemia; DCAL, Diagnostic Center of Acute Leukemia. 
All fusion genes that have been analyzed at the DCAL and their distribution between infant, pediatric and adult leukemia patients are shown. Total numbers are given for each patient group separate in ALL, AML and other diseases. The most frequent fusion partner genes were separated from the gene that has been isolated less frequently. 
Classes ER PR HER2 GRADE PROGNOSIS. 
Breast cancer classification based on gene-expression profile (GEP) characteristics [ 2 , 21 ]. 
Pos, Positive; Neg, Negative. 
Subtype GEP. 
Triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) subtypes based on gene-expression profiles (GEP) [ 21 ]. 
  Normal cells Cancer cells. 
pH i and pH e in normal and cancer cells: apoptosis and antiapoptosis. 
For further details, see text and refs. [ 4 , 40 ]. 
  Hypoxia Alkalosis. 
Similarities of effects of a high pH - Low [H + ] or (Alkalosis) and low pO 2 (Hypoxia) on cellular biochemistry and metabolism. 
? Stimulation; ? Inhibition. 
For further details, see text and reference [ 11 ]. 
Note: Reprinted from Critical Reviews Oncogenesis, vol. 6. Harguindey S, Pedraz JL, Garcia Canero R, Perez de Diego J, Cragoe EJ, Jr. Hydrogen ion dependent oncogenesis and parallel new avenues to cancer prevention and treatment using a H(+)-mediated unifying approach: pH-related and pH-unrelated mechanisms, p. 6, © 1995, with the permission from Begell House, Inc. 
Gene name Accession # Function. 
Host genes identified from shRNAmir kinome screen required for Y. enterocolitica mediated knock-down of NF-?B activation. 
Genes in bold were selected for further validation. 
Affymetrix Agilent qRT-PCR miR P value F Log2 P value M Log2 P value F Log2 P value M Log2 P value F Log2 P value M Log2   (F_cRaf/F_WT)  (M_cRaf/M_WT)  (F_cRaf/F_WT)  (M_cRaf/M_WT)  (F_cRaf/F_WT)  (M_cRaf/M_WT). 
F?=?female, M?=?male, c-Raf?=?c-Raf transgenic lungs, WT?=?wild type. 
miRNA name miRNA sequence GCcontent(%) Agilent Affymetrix    probe sequences free energy (kcal/mol) Tm (°C) probe sequence free energy (kcal/mol) Tm (°C). 
Free energy for the probe-target binding was calculated using the thermodynamic parameters for RNA/DNA hybrid duplexes from Sugimoto et al. [69] . Tm was calculated according to the formula reported in Wei et al. [70] using the thermodynamic parameters for RNA/DNA hybrid duplexes from Sugimoto et al. [69] that consisted of the following parameters: [Na+]?=?1 M, Ct (oligonucleotide concentration)?=?100 uM, A (helix initiation factor)?=??10.8 cal/KM, F (correction term per1% Formamide)?=?0.63°C, Formamide concentration?=?35%, R (universal gas constant)?=?1.987 cal/KM. 
Gene Name Displasia FoldChange Adenocarcinoma FoldChange Percentage (%) of tumorsamples show more signalthan pneumocytes Percentage (%) of tumor samples show less signal than pneumocytes. 
Given is the repression of target genes at the mRNA level in lung dysplasia [27] and lung adenocarcinoma [28] . The first column indicates the fold changes of genes repressed in lung dysplasia in c-Raf transgenic mice [27] . The second column indicates the fold changes of mRNAs repressed in lung adenocarcinomas from c-Raf mice. For each gene the percentage of immunohistochemistry signal intensity for lung tumors as compared to healthy surrounding tissue is given and is based on data reported in the Human Protein Atlas database. N/A?=?Non-Available data. 
miRNA F C-Raf VSF WT M C-Raf VSM WT Em Day12 VS AD Em Day14 VS AD Em Day16 VS AD Em Day18 VS AD PN Day2 VS AD PNDay10 VS AD. 
miRNA expression data for lung organogenesis stems from [26] . F?=?female, M?=?male, c-Raf?=?c-Raf transgenic lungs, WT?=?wild type, Em Day?=?Embrionic Day, PNDay?=?Post Natal Day, AD?=?Adult. Data are given as fold change. 
Number of differentiated cell types per GSSC clone  Total 3 2 1 0. 
ErbB2 pTErbB2 pAkt ER pYShcA pSShcA. 
Spearman rank correlations of quantitative pShcA and of other biomarkers expression levels. 
Feature Number of patients (%). 
Clinicopathological characteristics of the patients. 
STAGE Criteria Survival Rate 5-Year 10-Year. 
AJCC staging system for melanoma (2010). 
Event Modulated associated event Modulation in AKI Molecular cause. 
Hallmarks and causes defining AKI. 
Clinical and disease model observations were analysed based on modulated associated events, directionality in terms of in- or decrease, and plausible molecular causes. 
Summary of the described RBPs with roles in EMT. 
Strains Genotype Source/Ref. 
BRAF mutation as prognostic factor Tested for BRAF mutation ( BRAF mutated) Comments Reference. 
BRAF mutation as prognostic factor in colorectal cancer . 
CRC, colorectal cancer; DSF, disease-free survival; mut, mutant; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; wt, wild-type . 
CE?7 g/100 g kcal, %. 
Composition of Normal Chow Diet and High?Fat/High?Sucrose Diet. 
HFHSD indicates high?fat/high?sucrose diet. 
Symbol Description Cy5 Controls Cy3 LE2KO Ratio (Cy3/Cy5). 
Representative Genes Detected by DNA Gene?Chip Analysis of the Liver, Comparing Controls and LE2KO Fed With HFHSD. 
HFHSD indicates high?fat/high?sucrose diet; LE2KO, liver?specific ERK2 knockout mice. 
MAPP Name * LE2KO vs Control with HFHSD <0.5 No. of Genes Z Score PermuteP. 
Pathway Analysis in DNA Gene?Chip Analysis of the Liver, Comparing Controls and LE2KO Fed With HFHSD. 
HFHSD indicates high?fat/high?sucrose diet; LE2KO, liver?specific ERK2 knockout mice. 
Significantly enhanced pathways with numbers of related genes that were downregulated >2?fold. 
Significantly enhanced pathways with numbers of related genes that were upregulated >2?fold. 
Gene symbol Gene nomenclature Methy * W/Y Details Reference. 
Abnormal gene methylation in MPNs. 
Indicates whether significant hypermethylation of gene promoter was found. 
N refers to studies where ?10% of cases presented evidence of gene promoter hypermethylation. 
Drug class Drug name Clinical development stage Diseases Notes/Company. 
Compounds acting as epigenetic drugs that are under study for the treatment of human cancer. 
Information derived from the National Cancer Institute web site ( http://www.cancer.gov/search/SearchClinicalTrialsAdvanced.aspx ). MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; AML, acute myeloid leukaemia; MPNs, myeloproliferative neoplasms; CML, chronic myelogenous leukaemia; CLL, chronic lymphoid leukaemia; ALL, acute lymphoblastic leukaemia; HD, Hodgkin disease; FL, follicular lymphoma; NHD, non-Hodgkin disease; TCL, T-cell lymphoma; MM, multiple myeloma; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; MCL, mantle cell lymphoma; NK-TCL, natural killer T-cell lymphoma; CTCL, cutaneous T-cell lymphoma; GvHD, graft versus host disease. 
Primers used for qPCR. 
Primary antibodies Catalogue number Host Supplier Dilution. 
Primary and secondary antibodies used for IF. 
Gene symbol Description Fold change t-Test Unigene Id ICC profile GIST profile. 
Microarray analysis of genes differentially expressed in KitK641E:Neo/K641E:Ne° antrum versus KitWT/WT littermates. 
Twofold or higher difference with a P-value <0.01 was regarded as significant. A ratio >2 indicates up-regulation, while values <0.5 indicate. 
down-regulation, in Kit K641E:Neo/K641E:Neo antrum. 
Significant differential expression has been confirmed by qPCR for the genes indicated in bold. 
Genes belonging to a Kit-ir ICC profile [ 7 ] and genes up-regulated in human GIST ( http://www.ncbi.nlm;gov/entrez/query.fcgi?db=geo ) are indicated by ‘X’ in the two last columns at right. 
Cell Lines Histology Resistant against Resistance factor IC50 nemorosone (?M). 
In vitro cytotoxicity of nemorosone in neuroblastoma and fibroblasts cell lines. Cytotoxicity of nemorosone over 24 hrs in a panel of tumour (both parental and chemotherapy refractory) and non-tumour cell lines as assessed by Sulforhodamine B (SRB) assay. Values represent the means ± standard deviation of at least three independent experiments. R F, resistance factor: (IC50 resistant/ IC50 parental). Parental and chemotherapy refractory sub-lines were employed. (MDR1: multi-drug resistance 1, was determined by FACS and represented in %) No cross-resistance was observed. Fibroblasts were less sensitive to nemorosone. 
Cells with MYCN amplification,. 
Cells without MYCN amplification. 
Tumour cells (10 4) * No. of mice Application Treatment Survival time P -values Metastasis. 
Impact of anti-CD44 on EL4 tumour growth after subcutaneous and intravenous application. 
Tumour cells were injected into immunocompetent, 8-week-old C57BL6 mice. 
Forward Reverse Size (pb). 
Sequence of primers used for expression analysis (upper part) and for mutagenesis (lower part). 
Variables Total of HP Progastrin staining in HP epithelial cells     N?=?48 No/Low expression Moderate expression High expression p-value     N?=?21 N?=?12 N?=?15  . 
Clinical and histological features of hyperplastic polyps. 
Progastrin expression was analyzed as a 3 classes variable: no/low expression, moderate expression and high expression as detailed in “Methods”. Chi 2 tests (for categorical variables) and Kruskal-Wallis test (for continuous variables) were performed to compare clinical and immune-histological features between progastrin expression groups. 95% CI: Binomial exact 95- confidence interval was calculated for each percentage, if no other mention. SD: standard deviation a: Fischer exact test. 
Variables Total Progastrin staining in HP epithelial cells     N = 48 No/Low expression Moderate expression High expression p-value     N = 21 N = 12 N = 15  . 
Expression of progastrin, p-ERK1/2 and pY-STAT3 in hyperplastic polyps. 
SD: standard deviation. 
(a)Cuzick test for trend across ordered groups. 
(b)Spearman nonparametric correlation test was used for comparison of ordered qualitative variable. 
Expressions of PG, .P-ERK and PY-STAT3 were analyzed as a 3 classes variable: no/low expression, moderate expression and high expression as detailed in “Methods”. 
Cells/tissues miRNA target Modulated mRNA Effects following antagomiR treatement Authors/(Refs.). 
Examples of oncomiRs suitable for antagomiR-based miRNA targeted therapy of cancer. 
Tumor type miRNA Modulated mRNA Effects following pre-miRNA administration Authors/(Refs.). 
miRNAs acting as tumor suppressor genes and are suitable for replacement therapy of cancer: selected examples. 
Probe ID Symbol EGCG. AVG signal EGCG. detection p-value EGCG. diffscore EGCG vs CN fold-change CN.AVG signal CN. detection p-value Search key Definition. 
cDNA microarray expression profiling of differentially expressed genes. 
There were 54 differentially expression genes, including 37 upregulated genes of diffscore value >13 and 17 downregulated genes of diffscore value <?13 after comparing the EGCG-treated and normal control groups. The table shows three differentially expressed genes by cDNA microarray expression profiling screening, including a significantly upregulated gene: SC4MOL, and two significantly downregulated genes: Id1 and Id3. 
SN Gene Primer sequence (5? to 3?). 
Real-time RT-PCR primers. 
UniProt ID Protein name Protein mass (Da) Score Matching peptides Protein function. 
RKIP-related proteins identified with ESI-Q-TOF MS/MS. 
UniProt ID Protein name MiMI Functional linage network Predictome. 
The levels of interaction between the identified proteins and RKIP that located in the RKIP-interaction protein network diagrams (Figure 5 ), analyzed with the VisANT 3.8.6 protein-network analysis package. 
Note: 1st means that the protein was located as the 1st level neighbors of RKIP; 2nd means that the protein was located as the 2nd level neighbors of RKIP; 3rd means that the protein was located as the 3rd level neighbors of RKIP; and N/A means no interaction of RKIP with those proteins or the level of their interaction was?>?the 3rd level. *(bold font) means the validated proteins that interacted with RKIP. 
Risk types Factor dependent risk levels for PC Reference. 
Risk factors for PC . 
InterPro Name Number. 
Commonly shared domains of proteins purified by ENPs. 
The InterPro domains were retrieved from http://www.ebi.ac.uk/interpro/ . About 120 of 170 analyzed proteins (70%) shared at least two domains. 
IP_Number IP_Name Protein function (gene ontology) Number Mean of domain RA. 
Relative abundance at the domain level. 
A list of selected frequently appearing InterPro domains (IP number and IP name), their function as accepted and annotated by Gene Ontology, the number of different proteins sharing them, and their mean of relative abundance. 
Cluster Category Term Count P -value 1 FE. 
Functional annotation analysis of microarray data sets using DAVID. 
GO terms were significantly enriched in genes at least twofold upregulated in HMEC 184 cells (90% confluence) in response to 24 h exposure to 25 µg/mL ENPs. Biological process (BP), cellular component (CC), and molecular function (MF) in Gene Ontology (GO), single protein of protein information ressource (SP_PIR), protein domains or sites (INTERPRO) and pathway extracted from Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG). 
EASE score, modified Fisher's exact test according to DAVID software cut-off. 
Network ID Associated network functions Score. 
IPA highest ranked networks. 
IPA, Ingenuity® pathway analysis; WKY, Wistar Kyoto; SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rat. 
Name P -value # Molecules. 
IPA highest ranked molecular and cellular functions. 
IPA, Ingenuity® pathway analysis; WKY, Wistar Kyoto; SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rat. 
Ingenuity canonical pathways Analysis name Ratio P -value Molecules. 
IPA highest ranked canonical pathways. 
ADCY6, adenylate cyclase 6; AGT, angiotensinogen; AGTR1, angiotensin II receptor, type 1; APP, amyloid beta (A4) precursor protein; ATP2A2, ATPase, Ca++ transporting, cardiac muscle, slow twitch 2; ATP2A3, ATPase, Ca++ transporting, ubiquitous; BAD, BCL2-associated agonist of cell death; COX7A2L, cytochrome c oxidase subunit VIIa polypeptide 2 like; COX8A, cytochrome c oxidase subunit VIIIa; EIF2B3, eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2B, subunit 3; EIF4EBP1, eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1; FOS, FBJ osteosarcoma oncogene; GNB1, guanine nucleotide-binding protein (G protein), beta polypeptide 1; GNB2, guanine nucleotide-binding protein (G protein), beta polypeptide 2; GNG11, guanine nucleotide-binding protein (G protein), gamma 11; GSK3B, glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta; GUCY1A3, guanylate cyclase 1, soluble, alpha 3; ITPR3, inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor, type 3; JUN, jun proto-oncogene; NDUFB10, NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) 1 beta subcomplex, 10; NDUFB2, NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) 1 beta subcomplex, 2; NDUFS5, NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) Fe-S protein 5; NDUFS7, NADH dehydrogenase (ubiquinone) Fe-S protein 7; PLN, phospholamban; PPP1CA, protein phosphatase 1, catalytic subunit, alpha isozyme; PRKAR2B, protein kinase, cAMP dependent regulatory, type II beta; PRKAR2B, protein kinase, cAMP dependent regulatory, type II beta; PRKAR2B, protein kinase, cAMP dependent regulatory, type II beta; RPS6KB1, ribosomal protein S6 kinase, polypeptide 1; SERPINE1, serpin peptidase inhibitor, clade E (nexin, plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1), member 1; SLC7A1, solute carrier family 7 (cationic amino acid transporter, y+ system), member 1; TGFB3, transforming growth factor, beta 3; TXNRD2, thioredoxin reductase 2; XDH, xanthine dehydrogenase. IPA, Ingenuity® pathway analysis; WKY, Wistar Kyoto; SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rat; IL, interleukin; TGF, transforming growth factor. 
WKY fold change WKY P -value SHR fold change SHR P -value Symbol Entrez gene name. 
Molecules with greatest fold changes in collateral expression in WKY with comparison to SHR. 
IPA, Ingenuity® pathway analysis; WKY, Wistar Kyoto; SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rat. 
SHR fold change SHR P -value WKY fold change WKY P -value Symbol Entrez gene name. 
Molecules with greatest fold changes in collateral expression in SHR with comparison to WKY. 
IPA, Ingenuity® pathway analysis; WKY, Wistar Kyoto; SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rat. 
(A) Highest ranked networks Network ID Associated network functions Score. 
Summary of IPA analysis for SHR versus WKY control arteries. 
IPA, Ingenuity® pathway analysis; WKY, Wistar Kyoto; SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rat. 
(A) Altered in WKY (B) Altered in SHR   Transcription factor WKY # SHR # Transcription factor WKY # SHR #. 
Number of altered genes with predicted transcription factor binding sites in WKY and SHR. 
Symbol of transcription factor or regulatory-binding site followed by full name and the TFBS accession number in brackets. AML1,acute myeloid leukemia 1 (also known as runt-related transcription factor 1, Runx1) [M00751]; AML-1a, acute myeloid leukemia 1a, transcription factor encoded by AML1 [M00271]; AP-1, activator protein 1 [M00174, M00188, M00925, M00926]; CDP, CCAAT displacement protein/Cut homeobox [M00095]; CDP CR1, Cut repeat 1 of CDP [M00104]; Crx, cone-rod homeobox [M00623]; E12, E box protein E12 [M00693], E2A, E2A immunoglobulin enhancer-binding factors E12/E47 (also known as TCF3, transcription factor 3 [M00973], ELF-1, E74-Like Factor 1 (Ets Domain Transcription Factor) [M00746]; ERR alpha, estrogen-related receptor, alpha [M00511]; GATA-1, GATA-binding protein 1 [M00127]; GR, Glucocorticoid receptor (also known as nuclear receptor subfamily 3, group C, member 1, NR3c1) [M00955]; HNF4, hepatocyte nuclear factor 4, alpha [M00967]; Ik-1, IKZF1-IKAROS family zinc finger 1 [M00086]; IRF-1, interferon regulatory factor 1 [M00062]; MEIS1A:HOXA9, homeobox A9 [M00420]; MyoD, myogenic differentiation 1 [M00001, M00184]; myogenin [M00712]; NF-E2, nuclear factor, erythroid derived 2 [M00037]; NERF1a, E74-like factor 2 (ets domain transcription factor) [M00531]; NF-kappaB (p65), nuclear factor of kappa light polypeptide gene enhancer in B cells [M00052]; OCT1, organic cation transporter 1, POU class 2 homeobox 1 [M00135]; Pax-2, paired box 2 [M00486]; PBX, pre-B-cell leukemia homeobox 1 [M00998]; PEBP, phosphatidylethanolamine-binding protein 1 [M00984]; PPAR?, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha [M00518]; SF-1, splicing factor 1 [M00727]; SMAD-4, SMAD family member 4 [M00733]; SOX-9, SRY (sex determining region Y)-box 9 [M00410]; SREBP-1, Sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1 [M00220]; T3R, Thyroid hormone receptors [M00963]; TATA, TATA box [M00216]; YY1, YY1 transcription factor [M00059]; Zic1, Zic family member 1 [M00448]; Zic2, Zic family member 2 [M00449]; Zic3, Zic family member 3 [M00450]. WKY, Wistar Kyoto; SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rat. 
Microarray RT-PCR     WKY SHR WKY SHR. 
Comparison of microarray and RT-PCR analyses for selected genes important in arterial remodeling. 
Data are given as relative expression for cyba in control arteries and for collateral/control ratios for the remaining molecules. Results between Mircoarray and RT-PCR were similar except for AGTR1b in WKY where expression was increased rather than decreased, (N ? 4; *, † , ‡ : P ? 0.05 Collateral vs. Control, SHR vs. WKY, qRT-PCR vs. Microarray). Cyba, cytochrome b-245, alpha polypeptide, p22-phox; Agt, angiotensinogen; AGTR1b, angiotensin II receptor, type 1b; CX3CL1, chemokine (C-X3-C motif) ligand 1; ESM1, endothelial cell-specific molecule 1. WKY, Wistar Kyoto; SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rat. 
H2373   . 
LN metastases Lung metastases Group n (%) n (%). 
qPCR Forward Reverse UPL. 
GAPDH, glyceraldehydes-3-phosphate dehydrogenase; MMP, matrixmetalloproteinase; PGK, phosphoglycerate kinase; HPRT, human phosphoribosyltransferase. 
Age Median 75 (16–92)          Sex F n?=?12           M n?=?18          Localization Left colon n?=?13           Right colon n?=?17          mRNA study Cases CRF2? Ucn2 Ucn3 Characteristics (n?=?30) Mean SEM pvalue Mean SEM pvalue Mean SEM pvalue. 
Gene Uniprot Symbol Present in PSD Peptides in DLKlox:Creneg Peptides in DLKlox:Crepos. 
DLK-interacting proteins identified by mass spectrometry. 
“Present in PSD” denotes peptides identified in PSD fraction after biochemical fractionation. All peptides except DLK and Map4 have been identified in multiple independent studies. 
Tumour subtype Upregulated miRNAs Downregulated miRNAs Total differentially expressed miRNAs. 
Abbreviations: FDR=false discovery rate; GO=Gene Ontology. 
  BRCAX-A BRCAX-B BRCAX-C BRCAX-D Two-sided Fisher's exact test. 
P -values obtained by two-sided Fisher's exact test are represented, significant P -values (<0.05) under ? <0.05 are shown in bold letters with asterisk* P1= BRCAX-A vs rest, P2= BRCAX-B vs rest, P3= BRCAX-C vs rest, P4=BRCAX-D vs rest. Differences in mean age at diagnosis were compared by Student's t -test and significant P -values (<0.05) under ? <0.05 are represented. 
Univariate Kaplan–Meier analyses for a distant metastases-free survival of patients   miR-221 expression miR-222 expression. 
Abbreviations: LN=lymph-node status (0, +); n.s.=not significant. 
For the univariate Kaplan–Meier analyses, patients were stratified according to miRNA expressions in tumour tissues with determination of optimal cut-off values according to (Lausen and Schumacher). In the multivariate Cox regression analysis, the summary of the stepwise selected parameters is given for a distant metastases-free survival of patients of >400 months. 
Zinc-dependent Zinc-independent. 
Classification of HDACs. 
Abbreviation: HDAC, histone deacetylase. 
Study and indication Dose Route Schedule Tmax t1/2 Other AEs DLT. 
Summary of pharmacokinetics, adverse events and dose limiting toxicities. 
Abbreviations: AEs, adverse events; DLT, dose-limiting toxicity; TIW, three times weekly schedule; Tmax, time to reach maximum concentration after administration; t1/2, elimination half-life; NHL, non-Hodgkin lymphoma; QTcF, QT interval corrected for heart rate using Fridericia’s formula. 
Cancer Study Results. 
Preclinical studies of panobinostat. 
Abbreviations: TNBCA, triple negative breast cancer; CRC, colorectal cancer; HCC hepatocellular cancer; ATC, anaplastic thyroid cancer; SCCHN, squamous cell cancer of head and neck; GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumors; IP, intraperitoneal; TV, tumor volume, po, per oral; bid, twice daily. 
Disease Study Dosage N Efficacy Grade 3–4 AE Ref. 
Summary of panobinostat studies in solid tumors. 
Abbreviations: TIW, three times weekly; po, per oral; IV, intravenous; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; PR, partial response; OS, overall survival; CRC, colorectal carcinoma; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; HER, human epidermal growth factor receptor; DVT, deep venous thrombosis; TTP, time to progression; PFS, progression free survival; AE, adverse event; Ref, reference; N/A, not available. 
Category Cases Lon staining IOD (×10 4) a P -value *. 
a The Lon staining integrated optical density (IOD) was measured by the Image Pro Plus analysis software. Data were semi-quantitatively analyzed and expressed as the mean value ± S.D. 
* P ? 0.05 was considered statistically significant. 
Category Subcategory Cases Lon staining IOD (×104) a Total P-value *. 
a The Lon staining integrated optical density (IOD) was measured by the Image Pro Plus analysis software. Data were semi-quantitatively analyzed and expressed as the mean value ± S.D. 
* P ? 0.05 was considered statistically significant. 
Characteristics GDM group(n?=?30) Control group(n?=?60) P value PCOS group(n?=?12). 
Data are presented as means and SD, counts, or medians and interquartile ranges, as appropriate. HOMA-IR: homeostasis model of insulin resistance; HDL: high-density lipoprotein; LDL: low-density lipoprotein. P values are presented for comparison between GDM subjects and control subjects. The characteristics of the PCOS group are shown. 
Serum FGF19 Serum FGF21  r P r P. 
The correlations were calculated in the combined population of GDM patients and controls. Units and abbreviations are as Table 1 . 
*Significant correlation as assessed by Spearman correlation method. 
Serum FGF19 Serum FGF21  ? P ? P. 
? Coefficients and P values are given. Abbreviations are indicated in Table 1 . 
*Significant correlation. 
Reference Subsite Population Study size Gene SNP Odds ratio ( P value). 
*Crude odds ratio. 
(1) Same group/cohort. 
(2)Only in Areca-nut exposed subgroup. 
The factors derived from keratinocytes The effects on melanocyte. 
The paracrine factors secreted by keratinocytes after UV radiation that influence on melanocyte biology. 
Melanosom features Stage I Stage II Stage III Stage IV    . 
Characteristics of the developmental stages of melanosomes during melanin synthesis. The melanogenesis takes place in special organelles named melanosomes. As first develops a vesicle (Stage I) which builds inside a fibrillar matrix formed by glycoproteins (Pmel17, MART-1) and gets tyrosinase and other enzymes of melanogenesis (Stage II). The melanosome produces melanin, which polymerizes and settles on the internal fibrils (Stage III). In the last stage (Stage IV) melanosome is filled up with melanin. 
The cell cycle regulator The level of expression/activity during senescence. 
The basic activity of the cell cycle regulators and other factors associated with melanocytes senescence. 
Therapeutic strategy Neurotrophin Application Model Outcome Refs. 
Summary of therapeutic strategies for treatment with neurotrophins a . 
a BDNF: brain-derived neurotrophic factor; GDNF: glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor; NGF: nerve growth factor; CNTF: ciliary neurotrophic factor; NT-3: neurotrophin-3. 
Nanosystem Neurotrophin Disease/Model Reference. 
Nanoscale carrier systems for neurotrophin delivery. 
Tumor type (%) of sp cells Cellular phenotype and features of sp cells Ref. 
An account of stem cell-like SP phenotype in malignancies. 
SP expressing cancers Resistance to drugs Ref. 
Multidrug resistance mediated by SP cells. 
Molecular damages induced by ROS and RNS. 
Phytochemicals Mode of actions/targets References. 
Natural phytocompounds and herbal medicines in the treatment of cutaneous melanoma. 
?: up-regulation or activation; ?: down-regulation or inhibition. 
Signal pathway Normal stem cells Cancer and cancer stem cells. 
The differences among the cancer cells, cancer stem cells, and normal stem cells in the signaling pathways. 
Self-renewal in both hematopoietic and neural stem cells [ 154 ]. 
Leukemic stem cells (LSCs) self- renewal by suppression of the Ink4a/AR Flocus [ 155 ]. 
Highly expressed in acute myeloid leukemia patients [ 156 , 157 ] as it is essential for the LSC self-renewal. 
Neural stem cell expansion regulation in vivo and in vitro [ 158 ]. 
Notch targets genes activation, which is involved in T-cell differentiation and self-renewal [ 159 ]. 
Notch signaling pathway mutations result in T-cell acute lymphopblastic leukemia (T-ALL) [ 122 ]. 
Self-renewal [ 160 ]. 
HoxB4 and Notch-1 gene activation, which is implicated in the self-renewal of Hematopoietic stem cells (HSC)s [ 151 ]. 
Colon carcinoma and blood diseases. 
?-catenin accumulation has been associated with breast or brain cancer, melanoma, and myeloid leukemia [ 162 ]. 
?-catenin mutations observed in hepato-cellular, endometrial, and prostate carcinomas [ 162 ]. 
Hematopoietic stem cells and neural stem cells maintenance. 
Loss of expression of Pten in mice results in aberrant self-renewal of HSCs and eventually leukemia [ 163 ]. 
Loss of Pten eventually leads to myelo-proliferative disease and the emergence of a transplantable leukemia. 
Mutations and/or loss of heterogeneity of Pten can cause glioblastoma, prostate, and endometrial carcinoma [ 164 ]. 
Bmi-1 activation in the brain [ 165 ]. 
The Shh signaling pathway is essential for the embryonic development of hair follicles and sebaceous glands [ 166 ]. 
Shh signaling pathway is implicated in postnatal and adult brain development [ 167 ]. 
Shh activation leads to both skin and brain carcinogenesis [ 168 ]. 
Shh mutation leads toGorlin’s syndrome [ 168 ]. 
HSCs self-renewal [ 169 ]. 
Overexpressed in T-ALL with chromosome translocations [ 159 ]. 
Hoxb 3, 8, and 10 are associated with leukemo-genesis in mice [ 169 ]. 
HoxA9 is over-expressed in AML patients [ 169 ]. 
Cancer stem cells Normal stem cells. 
The differences between cancer stem and normal stem cells. 
Mutation Adenoma PTC FTC Anaplastic Ref. 
Frequency of Sporadic Mutations in Thyroid Cancer by Phenotype. 
Marker Expression in thyroid cancer Marker Expression in thyroid cancer. 
Significant IHC Markers in Differentiated Thyroid Cancer. 
Bold = most discriminatory markers ; IHC = immunohistochemical. With kind permission from Springer Science+Business Media: Annals of Surgical Oncology , Molecular Phenotyping of Thyroid Tumors Identifies a Marker Panel for Differentiated Thyroid Cancer Diagnosis, Vol. 15, 2008, 2811–2826, Wiseman SM et al ., Table 5, © 2008 The Society of Surgical Oncology, Inc. 
Characteristics Value. 
Characteristics of the patients with primary non-small cell lung cancer (western blot analysis and qPCR). 
Data are presented as the mean ± SEM. 
qPCR, quantitative polymerase chain reaction; ADC, adenocarcinoma. 
Group Periostin mRNA P-value Periostin protein P-value. 
Expression of periostin mRNA and protein in three types of tissues of NSCLC patients. 
At the mRNA level, periostin expression was not detected in the paratumor tissue. Data, with the exception of P-value, are presented as the mean ± SEM. 
Periostin expression:. 
Difference between cancer tissue and paratumor tissue;. 
difference between cancer tissue and normal tissue. NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer. 
Group Periostin mRNA P-value Periostin protein P-value. 
Expression of periostin mRNA and protein in three types of tissues of benign lung tumors. 
At the mRNA level, periostin expression was not detected in the adjacent tissue. Data, with the exception of P-value, are presented as the mean ± SEM. 
Periostin expression:. 
Difference between tumor tissue and adjacent tissue;. 
difference between tumor tissue and surrounding tissue. 
Parameter Periostin mRNA P-value Periostin protein P-value. 
Expression of periostin in NSCLC cancer tissue and its correlation with clinicopathological characteristics of NSCLC patients. 
Data, with the exception of P-value, are presented as the mean ± SEM. NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; ADC, adenocarcinoma. 
Variables Risk ratio Univariate 95% CI P-value Risk ratio Multivariate 95% CI P-value. 
Prognostic factors in Cox’s proportional hazards model. 
Significance: CI, confidence interval; ADC, adenocarcinoma; POSTN, periostin; pT, pathological primary tumor; pN, pathological node. 
Classification of toxins Toxins Source Mechanism Structure Modifications References. 
Classification of clinically used toxins based on their mechanism of action. 
Some immunotoxins are presented which have been used as toxin-based therapeutic approaches in the treatment of several malignancies acting on different intracellular targets. ADP: adenosine diphosphate; EF2: elongation factor 2 during protein synthesis on the ribosome; DT: diphtheria toxin; DT388 or DT389: truncated forms of DT without the receptor-binding activity; CRM107: cross-reacting material-mutant of DT without the receptor binding; PE: Pseudomonas exotoxin A; PE40 and PE38: truncated forms of PE without the receptor-binding domain Ia; CET40: cholera exotoxin A; RTA: ricin toxin A; HPR: human pancreatic ribonuclease A; ECP: eosinophilic cationic protein; EDN: eosinophil-derived neurotoxin. 
Immunotoxin Toxin used Target antigen Administrative route Clinical trial phase Number and type of tumor Outcome Adverse effect References. 
Immunotoxins against gliomas. 
GBM: glioblastoma multiforme; AA: anaplastic astrocytoma; TGF: transforming growth factor; CED: convection-enhanced delivery; MTIC: maximum-tolerated infusate concentration; CI: confidence interval; Tf: transferrin; CR: complete response; PR: partial responders; RR: radiographic response. 
PF-8380 S32826 BrP-LPA ATX Substrate Km (µM) Ki (nM) Ki (nM) Ki (nM). 
Functional groups Gene ts allele Description. 
17 ts polarity mutants screened in this study. 
Characteristic Average (Range). 
Characteristic No. of patients %. 
Note: Percentage may not sum to 100% as a result of rounding. Abbreviation: IDC: Infiltrating ductal carcinoma; DCIS: Ductal carcinoma in situ; NA. Not applicable. 
Marker status (# of cases) Wilcoxon Signed Rank Test Paired t test Mean of Difference (CNB-R). 
Note: Abbreviation: CNB. Core Needle Biopsy; R: Resection. 
Diagnosis Number Treatment HR (95% CI) P-value Ref. 
Pretreatment plasma YKL-40 is an independent prognostic biomarker of overall survival in cancer patients. The results are from multivariate Cox regression analysis including clinical characteristics and other routine prognostic variables. 
HR, Hazard Ratio; CI, Confidence Interval; NSCLC, Non small cell lung cancer; IL-2, Interleukin 2; IFN, Interferon-?. In most of these studies plasma YKL-40 was log transformed and treated as a continuous variable. ¤Cut-off level: 209 ?g/L. §Cut-off level 130 ?g/L and the results of disease free survival is shown.*Blood sample collected after primary operation. 
Is plasma YKL-40 a new cancer biomarker?. 
CSC marker Origin Function/physiological role Ref. 
Cancer stem cell markers of HNSCC and other solid tumors. To date, no generic marker for all CSC has been described. CSC of different tumor entities have distinct markers that do not always overlap. The future will reveal whether a universal CSC marker exists or if CSC are tumor-type specific, depending on the origin of each type of CSC. 
Mode Target Tissue Ref. 
Examples of targeted CSC-therapies. 
Study Design Patients Treatment PFS/TTP/TTF. 
Characteristics of included studies for the pooled studies that evaluated the effects of chemotherapy or EGFR TKIs in patients with EGFR -mutant NSCLC. 
Ph = phase. 
Single-agent erlotinib. 
Pooled median PFS and 95% accuracy intervals for single-agent erlotinib, single-agent gefitinib or chemotherapy, in patients with EGFR -mutant NSCLC with chemotherapy: all lines of therapy, and studies in which ?90% of patients received treatment in the first-line setting. 
k -means cluster Pathway FDR (%). 
Significantly enriched pathways. 
The k -means cluster = number refers to the respective cluster of genes with a similar expression pattern in k -means cluster analysis as displayed in Fig. 4 . 
Pathways = from each cluster of functionally related gene ontology terms derived by DAVID, one term that subjectively gave the best description of the whole cluster was manually chosen. 
FDR = false discovery rate of significant enrichment for the respective gene ontology term. 
Rank Pathway FDR (%). 
Top 20 pathways involved in demyelination. 
The LeFE random forest machine learning algorithm was used to identify pathways associated with demyelination as measured by myelin basic protein immunohistology ( Figs 5E and 6E ). 
FDR = False discovery rate of the respective category for the probability of observing any other category with an association to demyelination that is more significant by chance. 
Gene expression Immunohistology  CD3 (cells/mm2) CD45R/B220 (cells/mm2) IgG (cells/mm2) CD107b (cells/mm2) MBP+ area (%). 
Correlation between immunohistology and gene expression as measured by microarray. Spearman’s rank correlation coefficient was used to correlate the density of CD3, CD45R/B220, IgG and CD107b+ cells, and the myelin basic protein positive area with the respective mRNA level measured by microarray analysis in the spinal cord. 
CD3D = CD3, ? polypeptide; CD3G = CD3, gamma polypeptide; PTPRC (CD45R, B220) = protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor type C; LAMP2 (CD107B) = lysosomal membrane glycoprotein 2; IGH-1B = IgG2c heavy chain; IGH-4 = IgG1 heavy chain; IGK-C = Ig kappa chain, constant region; MBP = myelin basic protein. 
A significant difference of the correlation coefficient from zero is marked as follows: * P ? 0.05 ( n = 47). 
Tag Phenotype category Number of proteins. 
Breakdown of 1462 budding yeast proteins according to their 11 phenotypes. 
? Method order ? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11. 
The 11 order prediction accuracies by k NNA-based method. 
? Methods order ? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11. 
The 11 order prediction accuracies by RPC-based methods (Dagging, RandomForest, SMO). 
CML phase N. Rho no. ABCB1 no. ABCC1 no. p53 no. Survivin* median XIAP* median Reference. 
N, No. of samples; n, No. of positive samples; MDR, multidrug resistance; Rho, Rhodamine-123 efflux pump activity; CP, chronic phase; AP, accelerated phase; BP, blastic phase; Advanced, accelerated and blastic phases. The use of>1.1 cut off of the mean fluorescence intensity ratio threshold for rhodamine-123 efflux, ABCB1/Pgp and ABCC1/MRP1 expression was based on Lucena-1 (ABCB1 positive) and K562 (ABCB1 negative) cell lines measurement. p53 expression analysis was based on human tumour cell lines and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from healthy individuals. The cut-off value was established based on the ratio of mean fluorescence intensity levels of p53 stained in human tumour cell lines and PBMC. *XIAP and survivin levels were expressed through XIAP or Survivn/?-actin densitometric ratio normalized in relation to control using Western blot assay. 
Mechanism Lucena-1 Method Reference. 
High, high levels when compared with K562 cell line; Low, low levels when compared with K562 cell line; Equal, no statistical significance when compared with K562 cell line; Oct-4(POU5F1), POU class 5 homeobox 1; RT-qPCR, Real-time quantitative PCR analysis; CDNB, 1-Chloro-2,4-dinitrobenzene; Gli1, GLI family zinc finger 1; Shh, Sonic hedgehog, Ptch-1, patched 1; SUFU, Suppressor of fused homologue; LMW-PTP, Low molecular weight protein tyrosine phosphatase. A proteomic profile of Lucena-1 cell line can be observed elsewhere [ 24 ]. 
Drug Model Method Reference. 
PBMC, peripheral blood mononuclear cell; CPT-11, 7-ethyl-10-[4-(1-poperidino)-1-piperidino] carbonoxyl camptothecin (irinotecan); PI, propidium iodide. 
Particles Mean zeta-potential (pH) Mn (nm) Mv (nm) PI. 
Engineered LNPs polydispersity index. 
Abbreviations: LNP, liposomal nanoparticle; miR, microRNA; Mn, mean number particle size; Mv, mean volume particle size; PI, polydispersity index (Mv/Mn). 
Biomarker Prognostic/predictive Predictive efficacy Methodology used Clinical status. 
Synopsis of major biomarkers derived from clinical studies for use with EGFR-targeted therapies in CRC. 
Note: All figures shown are statistically significant ( P < 0.05). 
Abbreviations: PAN, panitumumab; CET, cetuximab; CRC, colorectal cancer chemo, chemotherapy; EGFR, epidermal growth-factor receptor; GCN, gene copy number; RR, response rate; RNA, ribonucleic acid; FFPE, formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded; WT, wild type; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; vs, versus. 
Growth factor Receptor Main function. 
Growth factors involved in lymphangiogenesis. 
* After proteolytical processing, mature forms of VEGF-C and VEGF-D could bind to VEGFR-2. 
Protein Gene name Accession a. 
UniProtKB ( www.uniprot.org ). 
displayed loss of phosphorylation in response to Dbait32Hc treatment. 
Caspase Cancer type mutated silenced LOH Function Reference. 
Mutations and silencing of caspases in cancer. The percentages of cancer cases with non-silent mutations (missensse, nonsense or frameshift) or lack of expression ("silenced") of caspases are listed, respectively. Total numbers of cases examined are in brackets. Where available, information on number of tumor samples with loss of heterozygosity (LOH) or heterozygosity (het) of the mutant alleles is provided (NI: not informative), as well as information of the impact of the mutations on caspase function. 
Function Caspase Experimental system Catalytic activity required? Ref. 
Non-apoptotic functions of caspases which might play a role in tumorigenesis. (n.d., not determined; Ref., reference). 
Tumor type HDAC isoform Expression Ref. 
HDAC expression in cancer. 
HDAC isoform Function Ref. 
HDAC expression in pancreatic cancer. 
Mode of action Modulator Effect on autophagy Ref. 
Autophagy modulators and their mode of action. 
HDAC inhibitor Pancreatic cell line Effects of HDAC inhibitor Ref. 
Effects of HDAC inhibitors in pancreatic cancer cells. 
Category Trait Acronym N Mean* Std. Dev.* p?<?0.05 § p?<?0.01 § p?<?0.001 §. 
Overview of phenotypic and genetic data. 
*Means and standard deviations for weight traits are given in [kg] and for metabolic traits in [?M]. 
§Number of SNPs in the GWAS with nominal p-values for association smaller than the indicated threshold as used for assembling the association weight matrix (AWM), total number of SNPs?=?44505. 
Trait SNP Chromosome [UMD 3.1] Position [bp] p-value. 
The most significant SNP for each of the 13 growth network phenotypes. 
ID* Official gene name* Chromosome Position [UMD 3.1] Connectivity §. 
The 10 most densely connected genes within the gene-gene interaction network. 
*In accordance with HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC) definitions. 
§Total number of genes to which the target gene is connected in the gene-gene interaction network via a direct edge. 
Biological process N reference* N network (observed) § N network (expected) # P value +. 
Significantly enriched biological processes within the gene-gene interaction network, estimated by GO term enrichment analyses using PANTHER 8.0. 
*Total number of genes in the reference list for the respective biological process. 
§Total number of genes in the gene-gene interaction network for the respective biological process. 
#Total number of number of genes that would be expected by chance. 
+Significance of enrichment calculated by a binomial statistical test and corrected for multiple testing via a Bonferroni correction. 
  Connectivity GeneID Official gene name* BTA † Position [UMD 3.1] NCAPG-specific sub-network (MCODE derived) § NCAPG-specific network §. 
The genes in the NCAPG-specific networks. 
†Bos taurus chromosome. 
*In accordance with HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC) definitions. 
§Total number of genes to which the target gene is connected via a direct edge. 
GeneID Official gene name* Chromosome Position [UMD 3.1] Connectivity §. 
The genes in the GDF8-specific sub-network. 
*In accordance with HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC) definitions. 
§Total number of genes to which the target gene is connected in the NCAPG-subcluster via a direct edge. 
    Mucosa (30) Tumor (30) p*. 
Number of patients with positive antibody detection in Western blot analysis of mucosa and tumor tissue. 
*Chi-square test. 
  Tumor tissue ANOVA   Mucosa Stadium I Stadium II Stadium III Stadium IV Tumor vs mucosa p value Stage I-IV p value. 
COX-1, COX-2, and EGFR mRNAs and corresponding protein content in human colon mucosa compared to tumor tissue. 
Mean?±?SEM, RNA: units/units ((GAPDH?+?18SRNA)/2), protein arbitrary units. *COX-2 total=66 kDa?+?~74 kDa protein band in WB. EGFR intra./EGFR extra. = ab directed towards intracellular/extracellular EGFR protein. 
Factor Std. Coeff. p-value. 
Multiple regression analyses with intracellular EGFR protein expression as dependent factor in tumor tissue (T) and mucosa tissue (M). 
Insignificantly independent variables were COX-1 RNA, COX-2 RNA, 66 kDa COX-2 protein and 74 kDa COX-2 protein. 
Types Agonist activity Partition coefficient (Log P ) Duration of action (hours). 
Types of commonly used ?2-agonists: their activity, partition coefficients, and duration of action. 
Cell type Number of receptors/cell (Bmax) Dissociation constant (Kd) (pM). 
The number of receptors per cell and dissociation constants of ?2-agonists in various immune and inflammatory cells. 
Note: The results are expressed as the mean ± standard error of the mean or *standard deviation. 
Abbreviation: btw, between. 
The effects of ?2-agonists on various immune and inflammatory cells. 
Abbreviations: O2?, superoxide anion; iNOS, inducible nitric oxide synthase; ERK, extracellular-regulated kinase; LTB4, leukotriene B4; PGE2, prostaglandin E2; TBX B2, thromboxane B2; GM-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; TNF-?, tumor necrosis factor alpha; IL-1?, interleukin-1 beta; IL-; interleukin-; MIP-1?, macrophage inflammatory protein 1 alpha; LTD4, leukotriene D4; PGD2 prostaglandin D2; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; RANTES, regulated upon activation normal T cell expressed and secreted; ICAM-1, intercellular adhesion molecule 1; VCAM-1, vascular cell adhesion protein 1; anti-CD3 Ab, anti-CD3 monoclonal antibody; IFN-?, interferon gamma; CR3, complement receptor 3; LTC4 leukotriene C4; IP-10, interferon ? inducible protein. 
Target Effect. 
cAMP-mediated mechanisms of anti-inflammatory activity. 
Abbreviations: cAMP, cyclic adenosine monophosphate; NF?B, nuclear factor kappa B; AP-1, activator protein-1; CREB, cAMP response element-binding protein; IL-10, interleukin 10; GR, glucocorticoid receptor; GRE, glucocorticoid response element; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; Epac1, guanine nucleotide exchange protein directly activated by cAMP-1. 
Class of agent Onset of action Therapeutic efficacy Adverse effects. 
Inhaled bronchodilator therapies that may be used alone or in combination for the management of chronic stable COPD. 
Notes:. 
Randomized placebo-controlled trials of duration >24 weeks have been selected, as this duration allows the best assessment of treatment effects. Data from Decramer et al. 111. 
Abbreviations: COPD, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; LABA, long-acting beta agonist; ICS, inhaled corticosteroid; LAMA, long-acting muscarinic agent. 
Pathway Mechanism of localization Cell type Technique Reference. 
Lysosome localization of TORC1. 
This table groups the most important reports that link TORC1 and mTORC1 to the lysosome. By using a range of different techniques, distinct components of TORC1 have consistently been identified at the lysosome in different cell types. PFA, paraformaldehyde; TSC, tuberous sclerosis complex. 
Pathway Mechanism of localization Cell type Technique Reference. 
Localization of TORC1 to other organelles. 
This table groups the most important reports that link TORC1 and mTORC1 to sites apart from the lysosome. By using comparable techniques to those that revealed lysosomal localization of mTORC1 ( Table 1 ), distinct components of TORC1 have also been identified at other sites including the nucleus and mitochondria. ChIP, chromatin immunoprecipitation; PFA, paraformaldehyde. 
Pathway Mechanism of localization Cell type Technique Reference. 
Mitochondria, ER, MAM, and other localization of mTORC2. 
This table groups the most important reports that investigate TORC2 and mTORC2 localization. mTORC2 has consistently been identified in proximity to mitochondria, the ER, and MAM. Other studies suggest that mTORC2 is nuclear or at the plasma membrane. EM, electron microscopy; PFA, paraformaldehyde. 
Ongoing trials of oncolytic virus therapy for head and neck cancer. 
Ongoing trials of gene immunotherapy for head and neck cancer. 
Cancer vaccines. 
Ongoing trials of suicide gene therapy for head and neck cancer. 
PARP-1 function Effect Model system studied Clinical applicability of PARP inhibition. 
Summary of reported non-DNA repair functions of PARP-1 with potential clinical correlations . 
A vs. B A vs. C A vs. D C vs. B C vs. D D vs. B. 
A?=?PPROM, B?=?FTB, C?=?PTB, D?=?PROM. 
Differential expression Name of lncRNA Associated gene Primer Sequence (5?-3?). 
Number of pathway: Up-regulated Number of pathway: Down-regulated. 
A?=?PPROM, B?=?FTB, C?=?PTB, D?=?PROM. 
Regulation GO number P value. 
A?=?PPROM, B?=?FTB, C?=?PTB, D?=?PROM. 
A vs. C A vs. D A vs. B Accession Gene Strand Protein. 
A?=?PPROM, B?=?FTB, C?=?PTB, D?=?PROM. 
Cluster Model Class GO term Description FDR q-value Enrichment #genes Examples. 
Model refers to the theoretical evolution of the ratio over 3 time points (t?=?0,6,20h) of GA treatment. Each model defines a cluster. PDI : protein disulphide isomerase A; PPI : peptidylprolyl isomerase; CCT : Chaperonin-Containing-TCP-1 complex. All others are standard gene names or usual protein names. GO terms in bold were analysed in more detail ( Figures 6 , 7 ).Abbreviations for GO term categories are : CC?=?cellular compartment; MF?=?molecular function; BP?=?biological process. 
First name STUDY Primary Endpoint/objective n PLACE OF STUDY PHASE/ Programme STAGE OF NSCLC TREATMENT EGFR positive PATIENTS pre-treatment OBJECTIVE RESPONSE RATE (ORR) % MEDIAN OVERALL SURVIVAL (OS) MEDIAN PROGRESSION -FREE SURVIVAL (PFS). 
Targeted therapies. 
First author/Study Primary Endpoint/objective Place n Targeted agents Inhibition of molecular pathways PHASE STAGE/PATIENTS Comments. 
Combination of targeted agents in NSCLC. 
First author/Study n Place Primary Endpoint Phase STAGE MAINTENANCE TREATMENT Patients. 
Maintenance treatment in NSCLC, Disease Control Rate (DCR), Progression Free Survival PFS). 
Cell line TNM* Primary tumor location Type of lesion Grade SF4?±?SEM. 
Characteristics of UT-SCC cell lines. 
*TNM status of primary tumors according to the International Union against Cancer (1997). 
Note: Grade: 1, well differentiated; 2, moderately differentiated; 3, poorly differentiated. 
SF4 , Surviving fraction after 4 Gy; SEM , Standard error of the mean. 
Phospho-kinase Condition Spearman correlation coefficient P-value. 
Phospho-kinases correlated with radiosensitivity in HNSCC. 
RT: 4 Gy of radiotherapy. 
Expression in control or after RT: absolute expression level in control or 1 h after RT. 
Relative expression after RT: expression after radiotherapy divided by expression in control. 
  No. of patients   Study cohort on tissue microarray (n?=?11,152) Biochemical relapse among categories (n?=?1,824). 
Composition of the prognostic tissue microarray containing 11,152 prostate cancer specimens. 
NOTE: Numbers do not always add up to 11,152 in the different categories because of cases with missing data. Abbreviation : AJCC American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
    MCT02 IHC result   Parameter n evaluable Negative (%) Weak (%) Moderate (%) Strong (%) p value. 
Associations between MTC02 expression results and ERG negative prostate cancer phenotype. 
    MCT02 IHC result   Parameter n evaluable Negative (%) Weak (%) Moderate (%) Strong (%) p value. 
Associations between MTC02 expression results and ERG positive prostate cancer phenotype. 
A                 Scenario (n) preoperative PSA-level pT stage cT stage Gleason grade prostatectomy Biopsy gleason grade N status R status MTC02 expression. 
Multivariate analysis including MTC02 expression status in (A) all cancers, (B) ERG negative and (C) ERG positive prostate cancers. 
Gene symbol Peptide log2 fold WNT3A-60 WNT3A-240 siRNA screen. 
Wnt/?-catenin inhibitors that are regulated by WNT3A. 
For each of the listed gene symbols, the peptide sequences and fold changes in phosphopeptide abundance that were observed in the quantitative phosphoproteomics experiments are listed. Phosphorylation modifications are denoted with asterisks. A dash (—) indicates experiments where the listed peptide was not identified. Additionally, the -fold changes observed for the listed gene symbols in the siRNA screen are given. WNT3A-60, WNT3A stimulation for 60 min; WNT3A-240, WNT3A stimulation for 240 min. 
Relationship No. of pairs No. of miRNAs No. of genes No. of TFs. 
Summary of relationships in the lung cancer-related synergistic regulatory network. 
amiRNA repression of gene expression. 
bmiRNA repression of TF expression. 
cTF regulation of gene expression. 
dTF regulation of miRNA expression. 
Top Regulator Out- degree Supported by a. 
Top 10 miRNAs and TFs with highest out-degree in lung cancer synergistic regulatory network. 
aSupported by: published articles in which the TF or miRNA was experimentally verified as being related to lung cancer development and progression. 
bbelongs to the miR-17 family. 
Top Gene In- degree Supported by a. 
Top 10 genes, TFs, and miRNAs with highest in-degree in lung cancer synergistic regulatory network. 
aSupported by: published articles in which the gene, TF, or miRNA was experimentally verified as being related to lung cancer development and progression. 
Motif Z-value a /P-value b Mean c Std c No. of motifs No. of genes No. of TFs No. of miRNA. 
Details of motifs in the lung cancer synergistic regulatory network. 
aZ-value was calculated using the formula (2.4.1). 
bP-value is the proportion of the 10000 random simulations in which a motif had a larger frequency in the random repeats than real in the data. 
cMean and Std are the average and the standard deviation of motif frequency of the 10000 random repeats. 
Motif I: Full regulation; II: TF-leading synergistic regulation; III: miRNA leading synergistic regulation; IV: miRNA feedback synergistic regulation; V: TF feedback synergistic regulation; VI: synergistic co-regulation; VII: miRNA simultaneous regulation; VIII: linear regulation from TF; IX: linear regulation from miRNA; and X: TF simultaneous regulation. 
Motif Example Supported by a Prognosis Supported by P-value b. 
Examples of motifs or prognosis components of motifs. 
aSupported by: published articles in which the gene, TF, or miRNA was experimentally verified as working together or have a prognosis function. 
bP-value: the P-value of hypergeometric cumulative distribution to test whether the motifs were enriched with gene mutations. 
GO term Annotation Rank a In motifs b. 
Biology process terms regulated by the miRNA-TF synergistic regulatory network. 
aRank: is the rank number calculated using the formula (2.7.1) based on the number of occurrences of the GO terms among all the assigned terms. 
bIn motifs: is how many motif types (subnetworks) were assigned the corresponding GO term. The roman number(s) following the slash indicate the subnetwork(s) in which the corresponding GO term was not found. 
Pathway name Rank a In motifs b. 
Pathways regulated by miRNA-TF synergistic regulatory network. 
aRank: is the rank number calculated using the formula (2.7.1) based on the number of occurrences of the pathways among all the assigned pathways. 
bIn motifs: is how many motif subnetworks were assigned the corresponding pathways. 
Class Gene Chromosomal location Protein Mass (kDa) Sequence length (AA). 
Phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase genes and proteins. 
Abbreviations : AA amino acids; kDa kilodalton. 
Drug Target(s) Tumors Toxicities Clinical trials References. 
PI3K inhibitors in clinical trials. 
Abbreviations : CLL/SLL chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic leukemia; CRC colorectal cancer; GBM glioblastoma multiforme; H&N head and neck cancer; iNHL indolent non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma; MCL mantle cell lymphoma; NHL non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma; NSCLC non-small cell lung cancer; RCC renal cell cancer. 
Name Direction Primer (5?-3?). 
Brain Region ID Gene Ontology Name P-value Query # Genome #. 
Functional over-representation analysis of basal (saline-treated) gene expression differences between control and Fyn null mice within NAC, PFC, and VMB. Shown are gene ontology categories for ‘Molecular Function’ and ‘Biological Process’ with P-values corrected for a 5% FDR (A list of all categories is included in Table S2 ). 
Agent Abbreviation Target Company. 
Signal transduction inhibitors or agonists and their corresponding targets a. 
a aSMase acid sphingomyelinase, nSMase2 neutral sphingomyelinase 2, p38MAPK p38 mitogen-activated kinase, PKC? protein kinase C?, PP2B protein phosphatase 2B, TNF-? tumor necrosis factor ?. 
Total number 48. 
Name Size Functions Illustrative examples Reference(s). 
ncRNA, noncoding RNA; miRNAs, microRNAs; piRNAs, PIWI-interacting RNAs; tiRNAs, transcription initiation RNAs; TSSa-RNAs, TSS-associated RNAs; PROMPTs, promoter upstream transcripts; snacRNA, small non-polyadenylated (NPA) conserved RNA; snoRNA, small nucleolar RNAs; lincRNA, large intergenic noncoding RNAs; T-UCRs, transcribed ultraconserved regions; RASGRF1, RAS-protein–specific guanine nucleotide-releasing factor 1; LINE1, long interspersed element-1; CAP1, adenylatecyclase-associated protein 1; RNF12, ring finger protein 12; CCDC52, coiled-coil domain containing 52; EXT1, exostosin 1; RBM39, RNA-binding motif protein 39; HOTAIR, homeobox (HOX) transcript antisense RNA; XIST, X-inactivation specific transcript; TSIX, antisense transcript of XIST; TERRAs, telomeric repeat-containing RNAs; HYMAI, hydatidiform mole associated and imprinted. 
lncRNA Cancer types Functions Molecular interactors Reference(s). 
ANRIL, antisense noncoding RNA in the INK4 locus; HOTAIR, HOX antisense intergenic RNA; MALAT1, metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1; NEAT2, nuclear enriched abundant transcript 2; PCGEM1, prostate-specific transcript 1; TUC338, transcribed ultra-conserved region 338; GAS5, growth arrest-specific 5; MEG3, maternally expressed 3; PTENP1, phosphatase and tensin homolog pseudogene 1; PRC, polycomb complex; LSD1, lysine-specific demethylase 1; GR, glucocorticoid receptor. 
Target Agent name Sponsor Status Class Phase 2 dose. 
qw, every week; q2w, every 2 weeks; q3w, every 3 weeks; q4w, every 4 weeks; NA, not available. 
Agent Sponsor Class (route) IC50 (µmol/L) against Sponsor IGF-1R IR Othersa. 
a Targets for which IC50 is <50 fold of the IC50 for IGF-1R. IGF-1R, type I insulin-like growth factor receptor; IR, insulin receptor; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; IC50, half maximal inhibitory concentration; IV, intravenous; NDGA, nordihydroguaiaretic acid; OSI, OSI Pharmaceutical; BMS, Brystol-Meyers Scribb; HER-2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2. 
Features of interest mAb against IGF-1R mAb against IGF-1 and -2 Small molecule TKI. 
IGF-1R, type I insulin-like growth factor receptor; IR, insulin receptor; mAbs, monoclonal antibodies; TKIs, tyrosine kinase inhibitors; ADCC, antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity; RTKs, receptor tyrosine kinases; PK, pharmacokinetics; t 1/2, half life; CNS, central nervous system. 
Tumor type Agent Trial and regimen Phase of trial Activity Reference. 
IGF-1R, type I insulin-like growth factor receptor; EWS, Ewing sarcoma; DRCT, desmoplastic round cell tumor; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; ACC, adrenocortical carcinoma; NSCLC, non–small cell lung cancer; CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PFS, progression-free surivial; OS, overall surivial ORR, overall response rate. 
Generic name /code number (trade name) Company Stage of development Target disease | stage Target and mechanism. 
PI3K, phosphatidylinositide 3-kinase; AKT, serine/threonine kinase; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PI, phase I; PII, phase II; PIII, phase III; NSCLC, non–small cell lung cancer; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; AML, acute myeloid leukemia; EGF-2, epidermal growth factor-2; NF-?B, nuclear factor-kappa B; PDK-1, phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1; GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; SCLC, small cell lung cancer; ALL, acute lymphocytic leukemia; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinases; PKN3, protein kinase N3. 
Mouse model Effect of rapamycin treatment Reference. 
Gene Chromosomal location Frequency of methylation (%) Basic function Reference Tumor tissue Cell line. 
a, pyrosequencing; b, Q-MSP; c, high-resolution melting (HRM) analysis; d, methylight; e, bisulfit sequencing. 
Gene Authors Year Clinical value Follow-up Reference. 
NA, not available. 
Classification Gene name Full name Location Major functions Reference(s). 
ADAM, disintegrin and metalloprotease domain; CKLF, chemokine-like factor; HLA, human leukocyte antigen; HOP, homeodomain-only protein; MYND, myeloid, Nervy, and DEAF-1; NEL, neural epidermal growth factor-like; SRY, sex-determining region Y; TIMP, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 1. 
Gene name Chr location Reported percentage of methylation in breast tumors Reported percentage of methylation in breast cancer cell lines Major functions Reference(s). 
–, not available. 
r -0.447 -0.289 -0.13 0.028 0.186 0.344 0.503 0.661 0.819 0.977 >0.977. 
Protein Function Annotation. 
The texts above were retrieved from the database of NCBI. 
Protein of F(K) Interaction protein r. 
The “*” marked EGFR-EGF, PARK2-FAS, PTEN-FAS and CACNA2D2-CDH1 had been validated by retrieving BioGRID and PubMed databases. 
Chromosome Genes and locations. 
Group G0/G1 S G2/M. 
Cell cycle detected by flow cytometry. 
lncRNA Location Expression Methods References. 
List of aberrant long noncoding RNAs in bladder cancer. 
Thymus DN ISP DP 4+8 lo CD4 CD8. 
Compound IC 50 a ( ? M) RF b IC 50 ( ? M) RF IC 50 ( ? M) RF   KB KB/VCR   MCF-7 MCF-7/ADR   K562 K562/A02  . 
The drug concentration required for 50% growth inhibition (IC50) of tumor cells was determined from three separate experiments and expressed as mean±S.D. Each drug concentration was tested in triplicate for 72?h. 
The resistance factor (RF) was calculated as the ratio of the IC50 value of the MDR cells to that of corresponding parental cells. 
Cell lines QSG7701 HL7702 NIH3T3. 
The drug concentration required for 50% growth inhibition (IC50) of the tested cells was determined from three separate experiments and expressed as mean±S.D. Each drug concentration was tested in triplicate for 72?h. 
Type of cell death Immunogenicity. 
Types of cell death and their immunological consequence. 
Virus Modifications ICD and DAMPs (in vitro) Antitumor Immunity (in vivo) Reference. 
OVs induce ICD and/or promote antitumor immunity in animal models or human patients (*). 
*Notes:. 
(1). data for T-VEC and Pexa-Vec are from human patients;. 
(2). NA, not assessed. 
Type No. Common name Systematic name Resource Ref. 
Characteristic triterpenoids in frankincense harvested from various Boswellia species. 
* Artificially synthesis. 
  % apoptotic cells   Gemcitabine (ng/ml)   0 10 25. 
Percent apoptotic cells as measured by Caspase-3 activity in cells treated with gemcitabine. 
  % of cells at various phases of cell cycle Cell line Untreated Gemcitabine (10 ng/ml)   G1 S G2 G1 S G2. 
Cell cycle analysis of cells treated with gemcitabine. 
  Cytosol Nuclei   Run #1 Run #2 Run #1 Run #2. 
Number of peptides, proteins, log 2 Infected: Mock (I:M) ratio means and standard deviation, and Z-scores of SILAC-measured HeLa cell proteins after T3D infection. 
1 Total number of H:L peptide pairs for all proteins identified at confidence level ? 99%. 
2 Total number of proteins identified at confidence level ? 99%. 
3 Number of proteins analyzed after those identified by only a single peptide, as well as possible contaminants, removed. 
4 First value is number of up-regulated proteins outside the indicated confidence level; second number is number of down-regulated proteins outside the indicated confidence level. 
            Run # 1 (H:L) Run # 2 (L:H)   Accession HGID Name Inf / Mock (±S.E.M.) # Pep % Cov Z-Score # Pep % Cov Z-score. 
Significantly-regulated HeLa cell proteins after T3D infection. 
*: Obsolete record; removed from NCBI database. 
miRNA Target genes Reference. 
miRNAs silenced by DNA methylation in lung cancer. 
Name (Manufacturer)* Target Class Target Disease Phase. 
*Manufacturer listed for drugs in clinical development. 
Structure Chemical comp. ChEMBL comp id. Pubmed id. IC50 (nM). 
Putative MK5 inhibitors selected on basis of their IC50 value. 
MK5 model MK2_2OZA (fastafile) MK2_3M2W (fastafile) MK3_3FHR (fastafile). 
Result from comparison of ATP binding site of MK2, MK3 and MK5. 
* Amino acid important for binding of ATP [ 58 ]. 
** Gate keeper residue. 
Type of junction Type of protein Protein Gene name Function. 
Homologous CAMs. 
The molecules forming homologous epithelial cell to epithelial cell tight contacts. 
Adhesion molecule (receptor) Gene name Localization and other information Ligand Gene name of the ligand Localization of the ligand and other information. 
Heterologous CAMs. 
The molecules which are responsible for the leukocyte adhesion cascade involved in the inflammatory response. 
Characteristic WT K-ras (n=69) MT K-ras (n=39) P -value. 
Baseline characteristics of patients included in the K-ras analysis according to tumor K-ras status. 
Abbreviations: ECOG PS, Eastern Cooperative Group performance status; WT, wild type; MT, mutant; NA, not available; FOLFIRI, folic acid, fluorouracil, and irinotecan; FOLFOX, oxaliplatin, leucovorin, and fluorouracil. 
Regimen Ince et al 33 Hurwitz et al 34 Díaz-Rubio et al 35 Masi et al 36 Tol et al 37 Hecht et al 38 Price et al 39 IFL + BV IFL + BV XELOX + BV?XELOX + BV/BV alone FOLFOXIRI + BV CapeOx + BV CT(Iri,OX) + BV Cape + BV ± MitC. 
Summary of K-ras data from studies of bevacizumab + chemotherapy in mCRC patients. 
Note:. 
Number of patients WT or MT K-ras/number of patients in study. 
Abbreviations: mCRC, metastatic colorectal cancer; WT wild type; MT mutant; IFL irinotecan, 5-fluorouracil, and leucovorin; BV, bevacizumab; XELOX, capecitabine and oxaliplatin; FOLFOXIRI, 5-fluorouracil, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan; CapeOx, capecitabine and oxaliplatin; Iri, irinotecan; Ox, oxaliplatin; Cape, capecitabine; MitC, mitomycin C; WT wild-type; MT, mutated; NA, not available; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; CT, chemotherapy. 
Herbal name Dose (g) Relative amount (%). 
The prescription of Samsoeum (SSE). 
Item Condition. 
RP-HPLC-DAD operating conditions for analysis of Samsoeum (SSE). 
ID Protein Symbol Location Type(s) S/N P -value. 
Abbreviation: S/N, signal-to-noise ratio. 
Up- or down-regulated phosphoproteins in SNU216-LR compared with SNU216 cells. S/N and P -values were generated by the power law global error model (PLGEM) statistical analysis tool. 
  ? 2 ^ 95% CI 90% CI MSE ratio MSE ratio     coverage coverage (train data) (test data). 
Simulation results. 
Freq. EN means freqentist elastic net, which was run with mixing parameter (for penalty mixture) 0.5. The estimate of ? 2 is the posterior mean for our method and the Bayesian lasso. For the others, it is the mean sum of squared error. ‘CI’ is credible interval for Bayesian methods and confidence interval for frequentist methods. Note that for the frequentist lasso and elastic net, it is not possible to obtain standard errors for the coefficients set to 0, and therefore, we cannot construct the CI’s. The penalty choice of ‘1 SE’ means we used the largest parameter with error within one standard error of the minimum error, while ‘min’ means we used the parameter with minimum error (from cross validation). MSE ratio is the mean squared error from least squares divided by the MSE from the respective method. NA indicates not applicable. 
Gene names. 
Gene results. 
All 49 genes appearing in the data are listed. Italic genes were identified by our method to have at least one significant marker. 
  VRK1 (nuclear staining) P value Tumor Negative Positive Total  . 
Expression of markers in low and high-grade astrocytomas, VRK1 expression. 
  VRK2 (cytoplasmic staining) P value Tumor Negative Positive Total  . 
Expression of markers in low and high-grade astrocytomas, VRK2 expression. 
  p63 P value Tumor Negative Positive Total  . 
Expression of markers in low and high-grade astrocytomas, p63 expression. 
  ki-67 P value Tumor 0-5% 5-15% >15% Total  . 
Expression of markers in low and high-grade astrocytomas, Ki-67 expression. 
  p63   Tumor VRK1 (nuclear staining) Negative Positive Total P value. 
Correlation of VRK1 with proliferation marker p63. 
  ki-67   Tumor VRK2 (cytoplasmic staining) 0-5% 5-15% >15% Total P value. 
Correlation of VRK2 with proliferation marker ki-67. 
  Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis Parameter HR (95% C.I.) P value HR (95% C.I.) P value. 
VRK2 as independent marker in univariate and multivariate survival analysis in high-grade astrocytomas. 
HR: hazard ratio. RT: Radiotherapy. Chemo: Chemotherapy. 
Risk group No. patients % Hazard ratio (95% C.I.) Median survival (months) (95% C.I.) P value Survival rate   1-year 2-year 3-year. 
VRK2 as prognostic index in astrocytomas. 
Cell type DNMTs and TETs Specific genes regulated by DNA methylation. 
DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) and TETs regulate specific key genes for differentiation and invasion . 
AGT, angiotensinogen; APC, adenomatous polyposis coli; C19MC miRNA, chromosome 19 miRNA cluster; CTB, cytotrophoblast; CYP24A1 , vitamin D 24-hydroxylase; DNMT , DNA methyltransferase; egEVT, endoglandular extravillous trophoblast; ELF5 , E74-like factor 5 (ets domain transcription factor); EN1 , engrailed homeobox 1; enEVT, endothelial extravillous trophoblast; ER? , estrogen receptor ?; ESC, embryonic stem cell; HAND2, heart & neural crest derivatives expressed 2; hCG , human chorionic gonadotropin; HOXA10/11 , homeobox A10/11; IL-1? , interlukin 1?; iEVT, interstitial trophoblast; JUP , plakoglobin, gamma catenin; KRT7 , keratin 7; MLH1 , mutL homolog 1; NR5A1 , nuclear receptor subfamily 5, group A1 (steroidogenic factor 1); POU5F1 , POU class 5 homeobox 1 (Oct4, octomer binding protein 4); PRB , progesterone receptor B; RASSF1A , Ras association domain family 1A; REN , prorenin; SFRP2 , secreted frizzle-related protein 2; STB, syncytiotrophoblast; TET , ten-eleven translocation; WIF1 , WNT inhibitory factor 1; ?down-regulated; ?over-expressed. 
Affected tissue Phenotypes of Mst1/2 deficient mice References. 
Phenotypes of the Mst1/2 conditional knockout mice. 
MiR-155 target Association. 
MiR-155 target genes & associations. 
Pathways Molecules. 
Pathways up-regulated in E?-miR-155 mice naïve B cells. 
Pathways Molecules. 
Pathways down-regulated in E?-miR-155 mice naïve B cells. 
Kinase(s) Upstream kinase Site(s) Role of phosphorylation. 
Overview of the regulation of mammalian LATS/NDR kinases by phosphorylation. 
#The potential auto- and trans-phosphorylation events on LATS1/2 (on Ser909/Ser872 and Thr1079/Thr1041) are not yet dissected. Therefore, we can only predict here that MST1/2 mainly phosphorylate Thr1079/Thr1041 on LATS1/2, based on the reported conserved regulatory mechanism between MST1/2 and NDR1/2 in human cells [ 43 , 44 ] and Hippo and Warts/Trc in fly cells [ 57 ]. 
Targeting motif Kinase(s) Target site. 
Summary of reported targeting motifs of LATS/NDR substrates. 
#S381 of YAP2 corresponds to S397 of YAP1. 
Note:. 
PI4KB, Panx2, and Rab11fip5 sequences are not shown, since they are not yet confirmed as direct substrates of NDR1/2 [ 101 ]. However, these three substrates also display the HXRXXS/T motif [ 101 ]. 
Kinase(s) Substrate Role of phosphorylation. 
Summary of known direct downstream events/substrates of LATS/NDR kinases. 
#NDR kinases can phosphorylate the same conserved motif in mouse and human Rabin8. 
*Potential substrates that have yet to be confirmed as direct substrates. 
Gene SNP Effect on steatosis Effect on NASH/fibrosis/inflammation. 
Genetic variants influencing NAFLD susceptibility identified by genomewide scans (GWAS) [ 8 , 77 , 273 ]. 
Gene SNP . 
Genetic risk factors for NAFLD evaluated in case-control studies. 
N/A: not available. 
Gene SNP . 
Genetic risk factors for progressive liver disease in NAFLD evaluated in case-control studies. 
N/A: not available. 
Genes Primer/Probe Sequence (Probe: 5?-FAM- -TAMRA-3?). 
Primer and probe sequences for TaqMan real-time PCR analysis *. 
*Primer/probe mix for 18S and Fibronectin (product #: Mm01256742_m1) were obtained from Applied Biosystems Inc. ANF atrial natriuretic factor; ?-MHC ?-myosin heavy chain; TGF-?1 transforming growth factor-?1. 
Gene name Description Folds up- or down-regulation (Vs. WT mice) P value. 
The mRNA expression of PPAR and fibrosis-related genes in the ACE2-deficient hearts (n?=?3). 
  Ace2 +/y control Ace2 -/y control Ace2 -/y Irbesartan. 
The general data in mice. 
HR heart rate; BW body weight; LVW left ventricular (LV) weight; LVEDD LV end diastolic diameter; LVESD LV end systolic diameter; LVFS LV fractional shortening; LVEF LV ejection fraction; LVPWT LV posterior wall thickness. n?=?6-8. Results are presented as mean ± SEM. *, p?<?0.05 compared with all other groups. 
Gene name Description Folds up- or down-regulation (Vs. ACE2KO mice) P value. 
The mRNA expression of PPAR and fibrosis-related genes in ACE2 deficient hearts after irbesartan treatment (n?=?3). 
Primers used in real-time PCR Sequence (5’ to 3’). 
Primers list for real-time PCR assay. 
Gene name Relative expression in co-cultures vs. mono-cultures [CCD(MDA)/CCD(CCD)]. 
Differential expression of genes in CCD-1068SK fibroblasts after co-culture with MDA-MB-231 breast tumour cells. 
Gene name Primers Annealing temp. Product size Ref. 
Primers used for quantitative real-time PCR. 
Name Sequence (5?-3?). 
Primers and oligonucleotides used in this work. 
Rat megalin gen Accession no. L34049. 
List of primers used for megalin gene. 
Experimental group CT LOS Cd Cd?+?LOS. 
Effect of subchronic exposure to cadmium on body weight, water intake and renal cadmium content. 
LOS , losartan. Data represent the means?±?SEM, n?=?9–10. aP?<?0.05 vs CT, bP?<?0.05 vs LOS, cP?<?0.05 vs Cd, dP?<?0.001 vs CT, eP?<?0.001 vs LOS. 
Experimental group CT LOS Cd Cd?+?LOS. 
Effect of subchronic exposure to cadmium on lipid peroxidation and NAD(P)H oxidase activity. 
LOS , losartan; MDA , malondialdehyde; 4-HNE , hydroxynonenal; FU , fluorescence unit. Data represent the means?±?SEM. n?=?5. aP?<?0.05 vs CT. 
Characteristics ???? No. of patients (%)     PTC (n=178) FTC (n=16) MTC (n=9) ATC (n=9) Goiter (n=32). 
Clinical profile of thyroid cancer patients and controls. 
*Only 140 patients have the information of tumor size. 
Variable OR 1 95% CI P value. 
MT1G hypermethylation in PTC ? univariate associations with clinicopathological characteristics (OR 1 and 95% CI). 
1 OR : odds ratio with 95% confidence interval. 
2Age (?30y; 30-50y; 50-70y; >70y). 
3Tumor stage (I, II, III, IV). 
4Tumor size (?1 cm; 1–3 cm; 3–5 cm; >5 cm). 
*Significant at P <0.05. 
Characteristic Number (%). 
Clinical/pathological characteristics of the patients a ( n =36). 
aAll patients received standard adjuvant platinum/taxane-based chemotherapy. 
Time Cancer cells w/o AS Cancer cells w AS   Line 1 Line 2 Line 3 Line 1 Line 2 Line 3. 
Number of clonies formed in soft sugar. 
  125 I-CLDR C225?+ ? 125 I-CLDR. 
In vitro radiobiological parameters of LS180 cells (mean ± SD). 
The values for D0, Dq, and N were determined using the single-hit multitarget model. d = D0 (125I - CLDR)/D0 (C225?+?125I-CLDR). D0, Mean inactivation dose; Dq, Quasi-threshold dose; N, extrapolation number; SF2, Survival fraction at 2 Gy. 
Gene Category Forward primer (5? – 3?) Reverse primer (5? – 3?). 
* [52] , other primers were designed in this study. 
Column ID Ratio (FLT vs. GRD) Gene name Gene function P-value. 
Deleted in the CGD assembly 21,. 
Deleted Tn element in CGD assembly 21. 
GO term # Genes in genome assigned (A) # Genes differentially regulated (B) Percentage of # genes in genome (A/B) Percentage of # genes differentially regulated (B/454) *. 
*Based on 454 genes differentially regulated in response to spaceflight. 
Gene Category Fold-change microarray Fold-change qRT-PCR. 
*P < 0.05,. 
**p < 0.01. 
Gene expression was normalized using the average of 4 housekeeping genes ( ACT1 , PMA1 , RIP , RPP2B ). 
Individual Sampling Breed Total number of fragments Uniquely counted, mapped reads with?<?3 mismatches % of reads uniquely mapping, < 3 mismatches % of reads mapping to globin clusters. 
Overview of the alignments of reads per sample. 
Cha , Charolais; GH, German Holstein; vacc, vaccination. 
Upstream regulator Molecule type Predicted activation state 1 p -value of overlap Number of target molecules in dataset. 
List of the 20 most significant upstream regulators identified as involved in gene regulation after vaccination as determined by IPA analysis. 
1 For identification of activation or inhibition of upstream regulators, a threshold for the activation z-score calculated in the IPA analysis of |z-score|?>?2 was applied. 
Genes Primer sequences for PCR (Forward/Reverse) Sequencing primers. 
Primer sequences for pyrosequencing of six potential methylation biomarkers . 
Primers with 5 ?-biotin tag. 
Mutation sites Primer sequences (Forward/Reverse) Extend primers. 
Primer sequences used for mutation analysis (MALDI-TOF-MS assays) . 
Gene Primer sequences (Forward/Reverse) Anneal (°C) Product (bp). 
Primer sequences for real-time RT-PCR in gene re-expression analysis . 
Clinical features All Cases ( n = 34) Aberrant Methylation(+) ( n = 26, Figure 7B ) Aberrant Methylation(?) ( n = 8, Figure 7B ) P -values. 
Aberrant methylation and clinicopathological features . 
SE, standard error. P-values were calculated to compare methylation(+) group and methylation(?) groups and to analyze the correlation of methylation status to clinicopathological features. Fisher, calculated by Fisher's exact test. t-test, calculated by t-test. 
P < 0.05, which is considered as statistically significant. Mutations of BRAF/RAS oncogenes are thus considered to correlate significantly with methylation(+) groups. 
Data processing (PDB entry code) Unliganded(4iia) unliganded(4fcj) FxFG complex(4fcm). 
Values in parenthesis refer to the highest resolution shell. 
Gene module by MCL algorithm Functional annotations by DAVID. 
Modularity analysis from SHCN. 
Complex name Functional annotation by DAVID. 
Clique-4 complexes in SHCN. 
Drug ID Gene Name Drug Name Drug Class. 
Potential drugs discovered from Clique-5 network. 
Experimental Restraints Used in Structure Calculation. 
Structural Statistics for the RLIP76 GAP-GBD Didomain. 
<SA> is the average rms deviation for the ensemble ± the standard deviation. 
<SA>c is the value for the structure that is closest to the mean. 
Calculated using PALES ( Zweckstetter, 2008 ): Q = { ? i = 1 N [ d i n o r m ( exp ) ? d i n o r m ( c a l c ) ] 2 / N } 1 2 / D r . m . s . , where D r.m.s . was calculated from the experimental couplings. 
PROCHECK ( Laskowski et al., 1993 ). 
Observed Rate (min?1) Fold Stimulation (over Intrinsic). 
Real-Time GAP Assays Recorded on Cdc42 and Rac1. 
p50 RhoGAP (25 nM) was added. 
RLIP76 GAP (2.5 ?M) and didomain were added. 
Cdc42 (?M) Rac1 (?M). 
Affinities of RLIP76 Constructs for Cdc42 and Rac1 Measured by Competition SPA. 
No. Gene name Gene/protein full name (if available) Accession no. 
Common overexpressed genes in bovine CCs around the GVBD between FSH in vitro versus LH in vivo. 
Real-time PCR validation of overexpression following FSH in vitro ( * ) or LH in vivo ( ? ); ??=?0.05%. 
Mushroom species Voucher number Common names Local names (in Malay) Part used Edible/ Wild/ Medicinal properties References culinary cultivated. 
Medicinal mushrooms used in this study, their common names, and culinary nature. 
Mushrooms Extract Yield (%, w/w). 
Extraction yield of aqueous and ethanol extracts from the studied mushrooms. 
(S) = sclerotium, (M) = mycelium. n.d. = not determined. 
Mushroom/Plant Species Extracts Neuroblastoma 2a cells 3T3 embryonic fibroblast IC 50 (mg/ml) after 24 h IC 50 (mg/ml) after 24 h MTT NRU LDH MTT NRU LDH. 
IC 50 values obtained by using different cytotoxicity assays- MTT, NRU and LDH release. 
The data represent the mean ± SD of three determinations. Means not sharing a common letter were significantly different at p < 0.05. 
Name of gene Protein function Cancer type. 
Summary of epigenetic factors that regulate CSCs. 
mRNA Profile mRNA PTM/FC > 1.25, n miRNAs miRNAs, n miRNA-Regulated mRNAs (FC > 1.25) Inversely Regulated miRNA:mRNA sets a ). 
miRNA, microRNA. 
Overlap Early miRNA:mRNA and Late miRNA:mRNA = 99. 
Class Member miRNA. 
Note: The star (*) labeled miRNA* represents the complementary (“passenger”) strand formed during the duplex cleavage that produces the 21-nt long mature miRNA (the guide strand). FGF2, fibroblast growth factor 2; miRNA, microRNA. 
Percent Identity to Hs No. of Residues Predicted MW (kDa) Percent Similarity to Hs Hs MED subunit Sc Dm Mm Hs Sc Dm Mm Hs Sc Dm Mm Sc Dm Mm. 
Basic comparison of Mediator subunits in humans ( Hs ), yeast ( Sc ), fly ( Dm ), and mouse ( Mm ) by percent identity, percent similarity, and size. 
Numbers in parentheses next to Mediator subunits represent the number of isoforms documented in Universal Protein Resource (UniProt). The superscript (a) denotes that Hs subunits MED24, MED27 and MED29 were identified as orthologous to Sc MED5, MED3 and MED2 (Bourbon, 2008 ). All protein sequences were retrieved from UniProt, and percent identity and similarity were calculated using the EMBOSS Needle pairwise alignment tool on the EBI-EMBL server. 
Protein Reference Protein Reference. 
Current known CDK8 kinase substrates. 
Note that each substrate can be considered chromatin associated. DNA-binding TFs are shown in bold font. Human CDK8 kinase substrates are shown on the left and yeast Cdk8 (srb10) substrates are shown on the right. 
  LY294002 concentration BKM120 concentration ACR concentration (?M) (?M). 
Combined effects of ACR and PI3K inhibitors on HLF cells. 
Note:. 
“-”, CI1.1-1.3 moderate antagonism;. 
“±”, CI0.9-1.1 additive effect;. 
“+”, CI0.8-0.9 slight synergism;. 
“++”, CI0.6-0.8 moderate synergism;. 
“+++”, CI0.4-0.6 synergism;. 
Abbreviations: CI Combination index, ACR Acyclic retinoid. 
Anomalies Stage Stress Background Molecular References         mechanism  . 
Developmental and reproductive anomalies associated with p53 loss. 
  Average Middle 90% range. 
G186A gene statistics. 
  Yeast Mycelia   G186A G217B G186A G217B. 
G186A and G217B gene expression statistics. 
Pool Samples (Number) Median age of diagnosis?±?1 SD Mean duration of BEN ±1SD Present uroepithelial tumors (%). 
Pools and clinical data for the patients included. 
Pool DMRs (Number) DMRs (%). 
Number of DMRs (differently methylated regions) by comparing patients’ methylation profile vs. healthy controls’ methylation profile. 
Subsets of patient-control pairs Number of common DMRs % of common DMRs of all CpG islands % of commonDMRs of defined DMRs in respective group. 
Common DMRs in different patient-control pairs, based on endemic region and gender. 
CpG island (hg19) Start End Cytoband Gene name % hypomethylated probes % hypermethylated probes. 
Common DMRs and their related genes in all patient-control pairs. 
A375 WM3248. 
Genetic and Pharmacologic Inhibition of SMO upregulates apoptosis signaling. Both SMO siRNA and NVP-LDE-225 upregulate apoptosis pathways in WM3248 and A375 cell lines. 
Compound IC50 (?M) Pre-conf IC50 (?M) Post-conf. 
Effect of polydatin (Pol), resveratrol (Res), on growth of pre- and post-confluent Caco-2 cells. 
Name Assay Principle Detection Technology Provider. 
Cell-based ERK Activation HTS Assays. 
Gene symbol Forward primer (5? to 3?) Reverse primer (5? to 3?). 
P rimer pairs used for reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction. 
Gene symbol Forward primer (5? to 3?) Reverse primer (5? to 3?). 
Primer pairs used for quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. 
Biological process Manuscript section MicroRNA identifier Effect Selection of confirmed targets Annotated in CHO (miRBase v20). 
miRNAs controlling cellular processes and their identified targets. 
Experimental setting Type of analysis Outcome Reference. 
Summary of miRNA analysis and engineering in CHO cells. 
7*Signaling molecules UnperturbedTCR pathway PathogenperturbedTCR pathway PerturbedTCR pathway(maximization oftoxin expressionand of TCRstimulatorymolecules) Perturbed TCRpathway(conflictingobjectives’optimization) Maximization ofSAg expressionand minimizationof TCR stimulatorymolecules 7*Remarks. 
The term ‘justified’ in the last column (Remarks) indicates that results obtained by the present method are in accordance to the general biological context. 
Signaling molecules c -values in an unperturbed TCR pathway(upon minimization of concentrationsof the regulators for forming ZAP70,LCK and FYN) c -values in a perturbed TCR pathway (upon maximization of concentrations of the regulators for forming ZAP70, LCK and FYN). 
Signaling molecules c -values (computed) ina particular condition Related experimental evidences. 
Here, ‘un’ denotes unperturbed TCR signaling pathway and ‘per’ refers to perturbed conditions with conflicting objective function optimization. 
PDB code 4c9z 4ca1. 
Values in parentheses are for the highest resolution shell. 
R merge = , where I i ( hkl ) is the intensity of the i th measurement of reflection hkl and I ( hkl ) is the mean value of I i ( hkl ) for all i measurements. 
R work = , where F obs is the observed structure-factor amplitude and F calc is the structure-factor amplitude calculated from the model. 
R free is the same as R work except calculated with a subset (5%) of data that were excluded from refinement calculations. 
Diffraction-component precision indicator (Cruickshank, 1999 ? ). 
Chen et al. (2010 ? ). 
Engh Huber (1991 ? ). 
Protein Role on gene expression Reference. 
RNA-binding proteins proteolyzed in picornavirus infected cells. 
Protein function Activity on IRES * Reference. 
RNA-binding proteins modulating viral IRES activity. 
Proteins interacting with viral IRES but with no known activity on translation initiation have not been included. 
ITAF Reference. 
RNA-binding proteins m odulating cellular IRES. 
Topics References. 
Key review articles on the indicated topics. 
Gene Regulated Exon Exon typology Position of PTB- cis -acting elements Ref. 
Exons regulated by PTB. 
mRNA PTB effect in facilitating translational initiation Ref. 
IRESs interacting with PTB. 
Cell type Effect Functional modulation NF-?B pathway involved Reference. 
TWEAK actions on kidney cells involving NF- ? B activation and evidence for the role of canonical or non-canonical pathways . 
Gleason Score   PLZF    low high. 
Protein Size Yield Yield. 
Product name Product number Manufacturer. 
The IC50 values were taken from the confirmation DELFIA assays on repurchased samples and are expressed as the mean ± standard error for duplicate measurements. 
Single measurement. 
Ligand efficiencies were calculated using the mean IC50 values [ 49 ]. 
The IC50 values were taken from the confirmation DELFIA assays on repurchased samples and are expressed as the mean ± standard error for duplicate measurements. 
Ligand efficiencies were calculated using the mean IC50 values [ 49 ]. 
The IC50 values were taken from the confirmation DELFIA assays on repurchased samples and are expressed as the mean ± standard error for duplicate measurements. 
Ligand efficiencies were calculated using the mean IC50 values. 
The IC50 values were determined with a mobility shift assay. 
Mean ± standard deviation from triplicate measurements. 
Duplicate measurement. 
Single measurement. 
Ligand efficiencies were calculated using the mean IC50 values. 
The IC50 values were determined with a mobility shift assay and expressed as the mean ± standard deviation for triplicate measurements. 
Single measurement. 
Ligand efficiencies were calculated using the mean IC50 values. 
The IC50 values were determined with a mobility shift assay and expressed as the mean ± standard deviation for triplicate measurements. 
Mean value from duplicate measurement ± standard error. 
Single measurement. 
Ligand efficiencies were calculated using the mean IC50 values. 
pI, Isoelectric Point. 
GRAVY, Grand Average of Hydropathicity. 
Feature  Number of patients (n=100). 
Yeast Mammals Functions. 
The nomenclature and functions of ATGs in yeast and mammals. 
The ATGs uncovered so far as well as ATG functions are listed. Abbreviations: GABARAP is GABA(A) receptor ? associated protein; MAP1LC3A/MAP1LC3B is microtubule ? associated proteins 1A/1B light chain 3. ATG16L: autophagy related Atg 16 ? like; RB1CC1 is RB1 ? inducible coiled ? coil 1. FIP200 is 200 kDa FAK family kinase ? interacting protein. WIPI ? 1,2,3,4 is WD repeat domain, phosphoinositide interacting 1. 
Target genes (ref) Cellular processes Consequences. 
The downstream targets of FOXOs. 
Gene Phosphosite 2 No. of Sites Ratio (+GH/?GH) (5a/5b/15 min) 3 Function of phosphosite. 
Phosphosites that exhibit increased phosphorylation after GH treatment. 
Numbering of residues is according to PhosphositePlus ( http://www.phosphosite.org ). Numbering in parentheses is according to MaxQuant. Numbering in brackets refers to unlocalized sites (localization probability <0.75 and >0.15). 
5a and 5b refer to the first and second 5 min trials, respectively. 
KEGG pathways Identified proteins involved in pathway. 
Signaling pathways and cellular functions identified by KEGG analysis. 
Proteins identified in the phosphoproteomic screens that contain phosphosites that increased with GH treatment at 5 or 15 min ( Table 1 and Supplemental Table 1) were subjected to KEGG pathway analysis ( http://www.genome.jp/kegg/pathway.html ) to categorize the proteins by function and signaling pathway. 
Gene Protein Phosphosite 5 Ratio (+GH/?GH) (5a/5b/15 min) 6. 
GH-stimulated phosphosites identified by phosphoproteomics that are predicted 4 to be phosphorylated by Akt/PKA. 
GH-dependent phosphopeptides identified during the SILAC-based phosphoproteomics screens were analyzed by MaxQuant to predict phosphosites with best-fit motif consistent with phosphorylation by Akt. 
Numbering is according to PhosphositePlus ( http://www.phosphosite.org ). Numbering in parentheses is according to MaxQuant. 
5a and 5b refer to the first and second 5 min trials, respectively. 
Defects leading to CIN, effects of CIN, and adaptations to chromosomal instability . 
miRNA Clinical significance References. 
miRNAs as PCa biomarkers in FFPE tissue. 
Arrows indicate the sense of deregulation: (?): upregulation; (?): downregulation in PCa versus normal tissues or low risk versus high risk PCa. 
Protein Description Clinical significance References. 
Proteins as PCa biomarkers in FFPE tissue. 
Arrows indicate the sense of deregulation: (?): upregulation; (?): downregulation in PCa versus normal tissues or low risk versus high risk PCa. 
Research phase Therapeutic priority. 
Sequence of steps in cancer drug development . 
The initial step (basic research) involves identification of a pro-mitotic “driver” protein implicated in tumor growth. The next (translational) step involves isolation of a lead compound or synthetic drug capable of inhibiting functional activity of the driver protein – usually an enzyme or receptor. The final steps involve clinical trials assessing not only the drug’s safety and dosimetry (phase 1) and the tumorilytic efficacy (phase 2), but also the durability or otherwise of tumor-inhibiting efficacy, and hence any survival gain compared to standard treatments (phase 3). Unfortunately, dynamic reductions in the durability of drug control – as distinct from de novo resistance – often arise from secondary selection for repair defects (accelerating tumor progression) and/or apoptotic defects (reducing tumor response) . 
High-instability tumors Apoptosis-resistant tumors “Double-trouble” tumors Examples Predicted treatment strategy Examples Predicted treatment strategy Examples Predicted treatment strategy. 
Examples of tumor types differing in extent of caretaker/gatekeeper suppressor gene dysfunction, together with suggested therapeutic strategies . 
CIN, chromosomal instability; CT, chemotherapy; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ER, estrogen receptor; HER2I, HER2 inhibitor; HT, hormonal therapy; MSI, microsatellite instability; MSS, microsatellite stability; mTORi, mTOR inhibitor; PARPi, PARP inhibitor; PR, progesterone receptor; VEGF, vasoactive endothelial growth factor . 
Chemical Class Clinical uses/trials References. 
Some mTOR inhibitors used clinically and in research. 
Current clinical trials information from clinical trials.gov on September 12, 2013. 1507 studies returned for “rapamycin,” “everolimus,” “sirolimus,” or “temsirolimus.” “None” means no hits returned. 
MiR MiR regulator Targets. 
Acronym Full Name Function. 
Abbreviations of the Protein Names Mentioned in This Article, Their Full Names, and Their Main Functions. 
Regulators Functions References. 
AJ, adherens junction; Akt, transforming retrovirus of Ak strain that induces thymoma, spontaneous thymic lymphomas first identified in mouse, also known as protein kinase B (PKB) which is a Ser/Thr-specific protein kinase; DOCK180, dedicator of cytokinesis; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; sFRP1, secreted Frizzled-related protein 1; Wnt, Wingless-MMTV Integration Site. 
Time-point Group I (score) Group II (score) Group III (score). 
BBB score results of each group at different times. 
Compared with group I, P<0.05;. 
Compared with group II, P<0.05. 
BBB, Basso, Beattie and Bresnahan; group I, sham injury; group II, spinal cord injury (SCI); group III, SCI with U0126 treatment. 
Group Before injury 1 day post-injury 14 days post-injury 28 days post-injury. 
SEP latency at different times in each group (msec; n=15). 
Results are presented as the mean ± standard error of the mean. 
Significantly different compared with group I (P<0.05);. 
significantly different compared with group II (P<0.05). 
SEP, somatosensory-evoked potential; group I, sham injury; group II, spinal cord injury (SCI); group III, SCI with U0126 treatment. 
Group Before injury 1 day post-injury 14 days post-injury 28 days post-injury. 
SEP amplitude at different times in each group (?V; n=15). 
Results are presented as the mean ± standard error of the mean. 
Significantly different compared with group I (P<0.05);. 
significantly different compared with group II (P<0.05). 
SEP, somatosensory-evoked potential; group I, sham injury; group II, spinal cord injury (SCI); group III, SCI with U0126 treatment. 
Group 14 days post-injury (n) 28 days post-injury (n). 
GFAP-positive cells at different times in each group (n=15). 
Results are presented as the mean ± standard error of the mean. 
Significantly different compared with group I (P<0.05);. 
significantly different compared with group II (P<0.05). 
GFAP, glial fibrillary acidic protein; group I, sham injury; group II, spinal cord injury (SCI); group III, SCI with U0126 treatment. 
Group 14 days post-injury (n) 28 days post-injury (n). 
Vim-positive cells at different times in each group (n=15). 
Results are presented as the mean ± standard error of the mean. 
Significantly different compared with group I (P<0.05);. 
significantly different compared with group II (P<0.05). 
Vim, vimentin; group I, sham injury; group II, spinal cord injury (SCI); group III, SCI with U0126 treatment. 
Drug Primary target. 
p-Akt expression, n (%)      Groups n ? + P-value. 
Expression of p-Akt in different groups. 
NOT, normal ovarian tissue; OSA, ovarian serous cystadenoma; OS-BT, ovarian serous borderline tumor; OSC, ovarian serous carcinoma. 
p-Akt expression, n (%)      Pathological grade n ? + P-value. 
Expression of p-Akt in different pathological grades of OSC. 
OSC, ovarian serous carcinoma. 
p-Akt expression   Infiltration or metastasis ? +. 
Correlation between the expression of p-Akt and infiltration and metastasis of cancer tissue. 
r=0.334; P=0.023. 
Cyclin D1 expression, n (%)      Group n ? + P-value. 
Expression of cyclin D1 in different groups. 
NOT, normal ovarian tissue; OSA, ovarian serous cystadenoma; OS-BT, ovarian serous borderline tumor; OSC, ovarian serous carcinoma. 
Cyclin D1 expression, n (%)      Pathological grade n ? + P-value. 
Expression of cyclin D1 in different pathological grades of OSC. 
OSC, ovarian serous carcinoma. 
Cyclin D1 expression   Infiltration or metastasis ? +. 
Correlation between the expression of cyclin D1 and the infiltration and metastasis of OSC. 
r=0.371; P=0.011. OSC, ovarian serous carcinoma. 
Cyclin D1 expression   p-Akt expression + ?. 
Correlation between the expression of p-Akt and cyclin D1 in OSC. 
r=0.606; P=0.000. OSC, ovarian serous carcinoma. 
Caspase-3 expression   p-Akt expression + ?. 
Correlation between the expression of p-Akt and caspase-3 in OSC. 
r=?0.350; P=0.017. OSC, ovarian serous carcinoma. 
targeted genes    protein domain(s) human homologs    Type of SUMO interactor s/s or s/ +. 
The type of SUMO interactor is based on what is known in other organisms. s/s indicates interaction observed in smo-1 deleted homozygotes, s/+ heterozygotes, and both indicates observed in both backgrounds. 
allele or RNAi egl-17p::cfp assay N. 
† indicates candidates showing above background ectopic expression, typically around 5%. 
Ouabain Digitoxin Bufalin. 
IC50 values for CTS inhibition of ATPase activity in each cell type were calculated using the four-parameter logistic equation for CTS concentration (nM), and displayed as mean ± SE, n>3. 
Ouabain Digitoxin Bufalin. 
The decrease in cell viability (IC50) by CTS was determined for each cell type using the four-parameter logistic equation for CTS concentration (nM), and displayed as mean ± SE (n>3). ‘X’ designates that no IC50 value could be calculated. 
Treatment MCF7 MDAMB231. 
Viability is displayed as the percentage of viable cells relative to untreated control; mean ± SE; n=3. Differences in viability from treatments with ouabain only compared to with ouabain plus inhibitor were not statistically significant (p>0.05). 
Not applicable (n/a) for egl-15 mutant or RNAi, since the worms are egg laying defective and eventually burst before any analysis can be conducted. Sterility avoids this problem. The * indicates a P value<0.01 by Chi square test of association. Demm: Depletion of muscle myosin. 
The depletion of muscle myosin (Demm) phenotype was assessed using immunostaining against muscle myosin. Significant p values of 0.0111 and 0.0162 by chi square test of association. 
Factor Dates Men r * Women r *. 
Correlations between dietary factors, alcohol consumption, tobacco smoking, and colorectal cancer morbidity rates, Poland, 1960–2008, by sex. 
r *: Spearman rank correlation coefficient. All values, P < 0.001 except vegetables and fruit ( P < 0.01). 
Class A GPCR Cluster 1 Class A GPCR Cluster 2 All Class A GPCR Class B GPCR PKR RGC. 
Distribution of peptide hormone and growth factor receptors by type, species and characterization . 
Probe Application Vendor. 
Selected list of commercially available live cell imaging probes, applications and vendors. 
Before senescent-like phenotype After senescent-like phenotype  Cell lines Latency time for senescent-like phenotype escape(days) Latency time for tumor development (days) * Clonogeniccapability Latency time for tumor development (days) * Clonogeniccapability. 
×106 cells subcutaneously inoculated; ND – Not determined; ? - Cells that until now have not escaped from senescent-like phenotype. 1. 
Composition of experimental diet. 
1)Composition of AIN-93G mineral Mix (g/kg) : Calcium carbonate, anhydrous 357.00; Potassium phosphate, monobasic 196.00; Potassium citrate, tri-potassium, monohydrate 70.78; Sodium chloride 74.00; Potassium sulfate 46.60; Magnesium oxide 24.00; Ferric citrate 6.06; Zinc carbonate 1.65; Manganous carbonate 0.63; Cupric carbonate 0.30; Potassium iodate 0.01; Sodium selenate, anhydrous 0.01025; Ammonium paramolybdate 4 hydrate 0.00795; Sodium meta-silicate, 9 hydrate 1.45; Chromium potassium sulfate, 12 hydrate 0.275; Lithium chloride 0.0174; Boric acid 0.0815; Sodium fluoride 0.0635; Nickel carbonate 0.0318; Ammonium vanadate 0.0066; Powdered sucrose 221.026. 
2)Composition of AIN-93G vitamin Mix (g/kg) : Nicotinic acid 3.000; Ca pantothenate 1.600; Pyridoxine-HCl 0.700; Thiamin-HCl 0.600; Riboflavin 0.600; Folic acid 0.200; D-Biotin 0.020; Vitamin B-12(cyanocobalamin) 2.500; Vitamin E (all-rac-?-tocopheryl acetate, 500 IU/g) 15.00; Vitamin A (all-trans-retinyl palmitate, 500.000 IU/g) 0.800; Vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol, 400.000IU/g) 0.250;Vitamin K (phylloquinone) 0.075; Powdered sucrose 974.655. 
3)t-BHQ : tert-Butylhydroquinone. 
Daily diet intakes in BK5.IGF-1 transgenic mice. 
In experiment 1, BK5.IGF-1 transgenic mice in each group were fed either control diet (AIN-93G) or quercetin (AIN-93G + 0.02% quercetin) diet for 20 weeks. Food intake was recorded daily. Values are the mean ± SE. 
Effect of quercetin supplementation on tumor size in BK5. IGF-1 transgenic mice. 
In experiment 1, the tumor size (length and width) were measured every week as described in the Materials and Methods section. Data shown is the record of tumor numbers according to the size of tumors at the end of chemical carcinogenesis protocol. Those numeric symbols < 0.5, 0.5-1, > 1 indicate the size of tumors which are less than 0.5 cm, or between 0.5-1 cm or bigger than 1 cm, respectively. Values are the mean ± SE. * P < 0.05, ** P < 0.01 and *** P < 0.001 when compared to control group. 
Gene Nucleotide sequence PCR condition. 
R: RT-PCR; Q: Real-time PCR. 
ErbB family member Molecular weight Description Biological assembly. 
ErbB family members . 
Molecular subdomains are represented by colors: L1 (blue), L2 (yellow), CR1 (green), and CR2 (red). 
Genotype Strategy Lethality Phenotype Reference. 
Phenotypic abnormalities observed in germline-ablated mouse models affecting retinoblastoma family members . 
Genotype Strategy Lethality Phenotype Reference. 
Phenotypic Skin abnormalities observed in mouse models lacking pRb in epidermis . 
Family Cases Mutation Craniosynostosis Midfacial hypoplasia Exophthalmos Hypertelorism Hearing loss Parrot-beaked nose Occlusion Crowded dentation Other findings. 
Clinical findings in patients carrying IL11RA mutations. 
?: no examination record is available. 
Filter applied Number of variants. 
Next generation sequencing variant statistics. 
Caveolin-1 isoform Post-translational modification Subcellular localization Type of cell Antibody Technique Reference. 
Caveolin-1 localization in cells using different techniques and antibodies. 
Non-transformed cells Cell Regulation Effects Transcription factor Implicated signaling pathway mRNA Protein Reference. 
Regulation of caveolin-1 expression in non-transformed and cancer cells. 
n.d., not determined. 
Northern blot or RT-PCR. 
Cav-1 promoter reporter assay. 
miRNAs MiRNA expression (RPKM)  2U 2T 4U 4T. 
(#) miR-17-92 cluster; (*) miR-106b-25 cluster; 2U, 2-hr untreated; 2T, 2-hr treated; 4U, 4-hr untreated; 4T, 4-hr treated. 
Description Libraries  2U 2T 4U 4T. 
2U, 2-hr untreated; 2T, 2-hr treated; 4U, 4-hr untreated; 4T, 4-hr treated. 
GO Term Term p-value Benjamini. 
SiRNA PMP22 t 1/2 (h) (Mean?±?SEM, n?=?3). 
Determination of PMP22 mRNA stability in G3BP-depleted cells after actinomycin D treatment. 
siRNA oligonucleotide Sequence. 
siRNA nucleotides. 
Primers for qPCR Sequence 5? to 3?. 
qPCR primers. 
Culture condition Rate constant 1 ?%/h Rate constant 2 ?%/h. 
a compared to BM; b,c compared to GST-Lum. Numbers in parenthesis represent the number of experiments performed. P value <0.05 is considered significant. NA – not applicable. Statistical analysis using one way ANOVA:. 
Culture condition Rate constant 1 ?%/h Rate constant 2 ?%/h. 
a compared to basic medium; b, c compared to GST-Lum; d compared to complete medium + control RNA; e compared to basic medium + control RNA; f compared to GST-Lum + control RNA. P value <0.05 is considered significant.GST – Glutathione S-transferase. Statistical analysis using one way ANOVA:. 
Gene Forward primer (5?-3?) Reverse primer (5?-3?) Amplicon size (bp). 
Primer information for Hpa II- Msp I-PCR assay. 
Methylation status in HCT116 cells before and after treatment with AS2-1. 
(Before treatment) ? (After treatment: antineoplaston AS2-1 2 mg/ml, 24 h). If the signal intensity of Hpa II amplicon is 2-fold greater than that of Msp I amplicon, the target region was considered to be methylated, while <2-fold was considered to be unmethylated (minus). Moreover, the methylated status was categorized into 3 degrees, high priority (three plus), middle priority (two plus) and low priority (plus). 
Before treatment After treatment     Status n Status n (%). 
Summary of methylation status in HCT116 cells. 
Methylation status in KM12SM cells before and after treatment with AS2-1. 
(Before treatment) ? (After treatment: antineoplaston AS2-1 2 mg/ml, 24 h). If the signal intensity of Hpa II amplicon is 2-fold greater than that of Msp I amplicon, the target region was considered to be methylated, while <2-fold was considered to be unmethylated (minus). Moreover, the methylated status was categorized into 3 degrees, high priority (three plus), middle priority (two plus) and low priority (plus). 
Before treatment After treatment     Status n Status n (%). 
Summary of methylation status in KM12SM cells. 
Comparison 1 2 3 4  HM1:IMSS culture/Rahman culture HM1:IMSS colon/HM1:IMSS culture Rahman colon/Rahman culture HM1:IMSS colon/Rahman colon Functional categories up down up down up Down up down. 
Proteins were annotated according to Pathema and NCBI databases web sites. 
Gene ID Description Colon Rahman/HM1:IMSS Culture Rahman/HM1:IMSS   FC BF FC BF. 
Genes showing increased expression in E. histolytica Rahman compared to HM1:IMSS both in culture and during contact with the human colon. 
FC: Fold Change; BF: Bonferroni adjusted p value?0.05. 
Gene ID Description Rahman colon/HM1:IMSS colon Rahman colon/Rahman culture   FC BF FC BF. 
Genes showing increased expression in Rahman after contact with the human mucus compared to Rahman in standard culture condition and HM1:IMSS in the same condition. 
FC: Fold Change; BF: Bonferroni adjusted p value?0.05. 
Gene ID Description HM1:IMSS colon/culture Rahman colon/culture   FC BF FC BF. 
Genes showing increased expression in both E. histolytica HM1:IMSS and Rahman during contact with the human colon. 
FC: Fold Change; BF: Bonferroni adjusted p value?0.05. 
Colon HM1:IMSS/Rahman Culture HM1:IMSS/Rahman Gene ID Description FC BF FC BF. 
Genes showing increased expression in E. histolytica HM1:IMSS compared to Rahman both in culture and during contact with the human colon. 
FC: Fold Change; BF: Bonferroni adjusted p value?0.05. 
Gene ID Description HM1:IMSS colon/Rahman colon HM1:IMSS colon/HM1:IMSS culture   FC BF FC BF. 
Genes showing increased expression in HM1:IMSS after contact with the human mucus compared to HM1:IMSS in standard culture condition and Rahman in the same condition. 
FC: Fold Change; BF: Bonferroni adjusted p value?0.05. 
Gene ID Description HM1:IMSS colon/Rahman colon HM1:IMSS colon/HM1:IMSS culture   FC BF FC BF. 
Genes showing increased expression in HM1:IMSS after contact with the human mucus compared to HM1:IMSS in standard culture condition and Rahman in the same condition. 
FC: Fold Change; BF: Bonferroni adjusted p value?0.05. 
NSCLC Cell Line KRAS TP53 EGFR STK11 Mithramycin (0.01 µM). 
+ : Wild-type mt : Mutant. 
*Mutation status of each cell line was provided from ATCC (Manassas, Virginia). 
Functional interaction Tools Techniques Main result References. 
Studies investigating the interaction between endocannabinoid and hypocretinergic systems . 
Abbreviations: IF, immunofluorescence; EPS, electrophysiology; drug self admin, drug self-administration; EF microscopy, epifluorescence microscopy; co-IP, co-immunoprecipitation . 
Scope Advantages Disadvantages. 
Comparison of MS techniques. 
Main H-bonds established within the interhelical loops of the various TWIST1 complexes. Interactions are either established (% occupancy is indicated) or absent (—), over the time course of the dynamics simulations minus the first 100 ps. The percentage of occupancy represents the time during which the H-bond is established. Stable, periodic, and sporadic interactions are labeled in dark grey, light grey, white respectively. 
Trial Patient population Treatments Results. 
Completed Phase II and III trials of ziv-aflibercept in metastatic colorectal cancer. 
Note:. 
Study was non-comparative, not powered to compare two treatment arms. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; FOLFIRI, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, and irinotecan; mCRC, metastatic colorectal cancer; HR, hazard ratio; metastatic colorectal cancer; mFOLFOX6, modified 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, and oxaliplatin; mOS, median overall survivial; mPFS, median progression-free survival; NCT, National Clinical Trials; PFS12, progression-free survival at 12 months; PMH, Princess Margaret Hospital; PR, partial response; RR, response rate; SD, stable disease. 
Line Trial Patient population Treatments Results mOS (months) mPFS (months) RR. 
Trials leading to FDA approval of antiangiogenic agents in metastatic colorectal cancer. 
Notes:. 
A bevacizumab-alone arm was closed after interim analysis suggested inferior survival compared with the chemotherapy-containing arms. 
choice of chemotherapy was determined by prior treatment. 
Abbreviations: FDA, US Food and Drug Administration; HR, hazard ratio; IFL, irinotecan, bolus fluorouracil, and leucovorin; FOLFIRI, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, and irinotecan; FOLFOX4, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, and oxaliplatin; mCRC, metastatic colorectal cancer; mOS, median overall survivial; mPFS, medial progression-free survival; RR, response rate. 
NCT number Trial name Phase. 
Selected approved and active trials of ziv-aflibercept in colorectal cancer. 
Abbreviations: FOLFIRI, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, and irinotecan; FOLFOX4, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, and oxaliplatin; NCT, National Clinical Trials. 
Comparison of different targets. 
Study Used cells Used mouse model NEP expression (% of control) NEP level (% of control) NEP activity (% of control) Rescue? Comments. 
Summary of studies elucidating the link between AICD and NEP (? increased, ? decreased, ? genetic deletion) . 
AICD target gene Physiological functions Regulation Experimental design Study. 
Genes discussed to be regulated by AICD (? increased, ? decreased) . 
Agent Examples NK cell-specific mechanism Disease studied Reference. 
Summary of some major therapeutic agents discussed in the text . 
HDAC, histone deacetylase; ADCC, antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity; MM, multiple myeloma; NHL, non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer . 
MicroRNAs with Validated Targets Involved in the Pathogenesis of Pituitary Adenomas. 
GH, growth hormone; AIP, aryl hydrocarbon receptor interacting protein; HMGA, high mobility group A; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; BMI1, B lymphoma Mo-MLV insertion region 1 homolog. 
SKAP55 chimera Persistence P Inward movement P Max speed P % SLP-76 in clusters P Clusters tracked per diameter P Totalcells n (experiments). 
Impact of SKAP55 mutants on SLP-76 microcluster dynamics. 
SLP-76 microcluster dynamics in J14.SY cells expressing each of the indicated constructs were measured on a per cell basis by manual tracing of microcluster trajectories from SLP-76 kymographs. Values for each experiment were obtained by averaging these per cell values, weighing each cell equally. KD, knockdown. Values displayed in the table are mean ± SEM for the indicated number of experiments. From parental J14.SY cells expressing mRFP1: *, P < 0.05; **, P < 0.01. From J14.SY cells expressing SKAP55.WT.mRFP1: †, P < 0.05; ††, P < 0.01. 
SKAP55 chimera Persistence P Inward movement P Max speed P % SLP-76 in clusters P Clusters tracked per diameter P Total cells n (experiments). 
Impact of SKAP55 mutants on SLP-76 microcluster dynamics in JSKAP.SY. 
SLP-76 microcluster dynamics in JSKAP.SY cells were measured as in Table 1 . From JSKAP.SY cells expressing mRFP1: *, P < 0.05; **, P < 0.01. From JSKAP.SY with SKAP55.WT.mRFP1 add-back: †, P < 0.05; ††, P < 0.01. 
Plasmid Reference. 
Strain Description Reference. 
a myc13x, thirteen copies of the myc epitope tag. 
Catalase activity (U/mg prot) Lipid peroxidation (pmol/mg prot) Ratio GSH/GSSG  T73 T73 trx2? T73 T73 trx2? T73 T73 trx2? YPD            . 
Experiments were carried out in triplicate and presented error corresponds to SD. Statistical analyses were performed using a Student´s t-test between samples in the same growth media, YPD or YPG (* p< 0.05). 
Number of miRNAs Methods Reference Species Colostrum Milk Mammary gland. 
Total number of miRNAs reported in colostrum, milk and mammary gland in cow, goat and sheep. 
miRNA Tissue or biological fluid Species Expression level Reference. 
Summary of miRNA expression in mammary gland, mammary epithelial cell lines and milk in cow and sheep. 
ECL: mammary epithelial cell line, MGT: mammary gland tissue. 
Gal4 Cell type Stage Cell size after genetic manipulations (µm2)    wildtype dInR-Ri dInR dInR-CA PI3K-DN PI3K Rheb-Ri Rheb. 
In this table only the PTTH neurons are DIMM negative. n?=?number of animals tested; numbers in brackets?=?number of animals tested,. 
p<0.05,. 
p<0.01,. 
p<0.001,. 
ns not significant (Unpaired Student's T-test), data are presented as mean values ± SEM. L1?=?1st instar larva, L3?=?3rd instar larva, A 3 d?=?3 d old adult flies, A 35 d?=?35 d old adult flies, ant?=?anterior LK neurons, post?=?posterior LK neurons, R-neur?=?R-neurons of ellipsoid body. Increase 1 Growth of IPCs was shown in Ref. [44] . Numerical data is provided in Table. 
Gal4 Cell type Stage Cell size after genetic manipulations (µm2)    wildtype dInR-Ri dInR dInR-CA. 
In this table Dilp7 , c929 and pdf neurons are DIMM positive, the ok6 and Trh not. Brain intern?=?brain interneurons, Abd intern?=?abdominal ganglion interneurons, other abbreviations and statistics as in Table 1 . 
p<0.05,. 
p<0.01,. 
p<0.001,. 
ns not significant, data are presented as mean values ± SEM. Numerical data is provided in Table S2 . 
Subcutaneous    Orthotopic   . 
The phenotypic differences between the cell lines, and the incidence of tumor and metastasis formation was assessed in NOD SCID mice after subcutaneous or orthotopic implantation of two million cells. [ - , indicates not assessed; * denotes significant differences between the test (Smad4) and control (EV) samples, significance was assessed by paired t-test or Fisher’s exact test, p<0.05, data are presented as mean ± SEM; S4KD, Smad4 shRNA knockdown; pBp, p-BABE-puro (control vector); EV, empty vector; d, day; g, gram; and no., number.]. 
Epigenetically regulated miRNAs Target protein Cancer type Epigenetic drug Fold change Citation. 
The deregulated miRNAs that can be controlled by epigenetic drugs in human cancers. 
DNMT inhibitors: 5-azacytidine (5-AzaC); 5-aza-2?-deoxycytidine(5-Aza-CdR); Zebularine. 
HDAC inhibitors: suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (SAHA); trichostatin A (TSA); panobinostat(LBH589); phenylbutyrate (PBA); OSU-HDAC42(AR-42). 
HAT inhibitors: C646. 
HMT inhibitors: 3-deazaneplanocin A (DZNep). 
Characteristics Rest of cohort n?=?27514 CRC cases n?=?584 p beta-catenin?+?n?=?304 (61.0%) beta- catenin?– n?=?194 (39.0%) p Cyclin D1+?n?=?400 (80.3%) Cyclin D1?–n?=?98 (19.7%) p p53?+?n?=?241 (48.3%) p53 – n?=?258 (51.7%) p MSI n?=?71 (14.6%) MSS n?=?416 (85.4%) p. 
Distribution of risk factors in cases and rest of cohort. 
Tumour characteristics Quartiles Height Weight Hip Number of cases   Cases RR Cases RR Cases RR. 
Hazard ratios of CRC risk defined by different tumour characteristics in relation to height, weight and hip circumference in women. 
Adjusted for age, level of education, smoking habits and alcohol consumption. 
*Heterogeneity analysis with p?<?0.05. 
Tumour characteristics Quartiles BMI WHR Waist Number of cases   Cases RR Cases RR Cases RR. 
Hazard ratios of CRC risk defined by different tumour characteristics in relation to BMI, WHR and waist and hip circumference in women. 
Adjusted for age, level of education, smoking habits and alcohol consumption. 
*Heterogeneity analysis with p?<?0.05. 
Tumour characteristics Quartiles Height Weight Hip Number of cases   Cases RR Cases RR Cases RR. 
Hazard ratios of CRC risk defined by different tumour characteristics in relation to height, weight and hip circumference in men. 
Adjusted for age, level of education, smoking habits and alcohol consumption. 
Tumour characteristics Quartiles BMI WHR Waist Number of cases   Cases HR Cases HR Cases HR. 
Hazard ratios of CRC risk defined by different tumour characteristics in relation to BMI, WHR and waist circumference in men. 
Adjusted for age, level of education, smoking habits and alcohol consumption. 
*Heterogeneity analysis with p?<?0.05. 
  Histologic subtype Characteristic AO (n?=?30) AOA (n?=?26) AA (n?=?40) GBM (n?=?171). 
Patients and characteristics. 
AO, anaplastic oligodendroglioma; AOA, anaplastic oligoastrocytoma; AA, anaplastic astrocytoma; GBM, glioblastoma; n, number of patients. 
    IDH1       Mutation (+) Mutation (-) P -value. 
Clinical and genetic features of patients with malignant glioma with and without isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 ( IDH1 ) mutation. 
  Univariate Cox regression Multivariate Cox regression   HR 95% CI P - value HR 95% CI P - value. 
Univariate and multivariate analysis of factors associated with survival. 
AO, anaplastic oligodendroglioma; AOA, anaplastic oligoastrocytoma; AA, anaplastic astrocytoma; GBM, glioblastoma; HR, hazard ratio. 
Phenotypes of Telomerase Mouse Models. 
TERT, telomerase reverse transcriptase; HSC, hematopoietic stem cell. 
*Mouse ?-myosin heavy chain (MHC) promoter. 
†Human cytomegalovirus immediate-early enhancer linked to the chicken ?-actin promoter (CAG). 
‡Bovine keratin 5 promoter (K5). 
§Thymus-specific light-chain kinase (Lck) promoter. 
?Actin-rtTA+;tetop-TERT+ (termed as doxycycline-inducible Tert or i- Tert ). 
¶Lox-Stop-Lox cassette. 
**Doxycycline-inducible expression of mutant TERT without telomerase activity under the regulation of K5-rtTA promoter. 
MAF of 87 SNPs from UGT1A1 , UGT2B7 , and UGT2B15. 
MAF, minor allele frequency; KR, Korean; HC, Han Chinese; JP, Japanese; AA, African American; EA, European American; UTR, untranslated region; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism. 
"-" indicates the SNP was monomorphic in the particular ethnic group. 
*SNPs indicate the novel SNPs discovered in our study. 
Detailed Information on Core Markers of UGT1A1 , UGT2B7 , and UGT2B15. 
MAF, minor allele frequency; KR, Korean; HC, Han Chinese; JP, Japanese; AA, African American; EA, European American; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism. 
Monomorphic frequencies are denoted as "-". 
†These SNPs do not appear on the present study's results because they are monomorphic. 
Clusters a # of probesets b With rice ids c RiceIDs with GOs d # of significant GOs e. 
a Clusters numbers are related to figure 2 . 
b The total number of probesets showing similar expression patterns based on figure 3 . 
c Number of unique rice gene identifiers associated with switchgrass probesets. 
d Rice identifiers for which GOs were retrieved from the MSU rice genome annotation project ( http://rice.plantbiology.msu.edu/downloads_gad.shtml ). 
e Number of enriched GO terms associated with sub clusters based on singular enrichment analysis in AgriGO ( Files S6 – S8 ). 
Characteristics n miR-31 expression   low (%) high (%) P value. 
Variables Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis  P value HR 95% Confidence interval P value HR 95% Confidence interval. 
(nmol/mg) Lactate Citrate Pyruvate Fumarate Malate Succinate. 
N=5. Results are means +/? SD. 
P< 0.05 versus A375. 
325 White and 1 Asian 38 African American   Total 6p Amplified Total 6p Amplified   # % # % # % # %. 
Chemical Key in vivo findings. 
Key in vivo findings observed with several non-genotoxic and genotoxic chemical carcinogens. 
VDR Phenotype VDRhigh VDRlow. 
Relationship between Vitamin D Signaling Pathway Integrity and EMT Phenotype in NSCLC. VDR and CYP24A1 mRNA expression were measured in each cell line by qRT-PCR. VDR expression was measured under basal growth conditions. CYP24A1 was measured in cells treated with either vehicle (control) or 10 nM 1,25(OH)2D3 for 8 h. CYP24A1 induction was calculated as follows: Fold-induction = CYP24A1 in 1,25(OH)2D3 treatment group/ CYP24A1 in control group. Clonogenic assays were used to measure growth inhibition by 1,25(OH)2D3 (10 nM), as outlined in the Experimental section. * Value was abstracted from previously published work [ 24 , 25 ]. The EMT phenotype was defined by Byers et al based on a 76-gene signature [ 23 ]. E (epithelial), M (mesenchymal), ND (not determined). 
Probe ID Gene ID Correlation Probe ID Gene ID Correlation. 
Correlation between VDR and EMT Signature Genes in lung cancer cell lines. The correlation between expression of VDR (Affymetrix probe 204254_s_at) and individual EMT signature genes in GEO dataset GSE4824 is presented. 
Gene primer. 
Primer Sequences. 
Gene Tumor samples Control samples. 
Summary of methylation analysis. 
Cancer Kinds Histology HOPX expression DNA methylation Prognostic relevance References Published year. 
HOPX and human primary cancer. 
SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; Adeno, adenocarcinoma; Tropho, trophoblast; Endo, endometrial carcinoma. 
Cancer Kinds In vivo tumorigenesis In vitro tumorigenesis Proliferaion Apoptosis Invasion Angiogenesis Mets in animial Ref. Published year. 
HOPX and tumor suppressor function in human cancer cells. 
SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; Adeno, adenocarcinoma; Tropho, trophoblast; Endo, endometrial carcinoma; Mets, metastasis. 
Disease Effect Role of Sam68 Suggested mechanism Ref. 
Sam68 participation in different diseases. 
Cancer type Method Observation Ref. 
Pro- and anti-tumor effects of Smad7. 
White background = pro-tumorigenic effect; grey background = anti-tumorigenic effect; Abbreviations: AOM, azoxymethane; CRC, colorectal cancer; DEN, diethylnitrosamine; DSS, dextran sodium sulfate; EGF, epidermal growth factor; EMT, epithelial-mesenchymal transition; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; MMP, metalloproteinase; TGF, transforming growth factor; TNF, tumor necrosis factor. 
Gene Name GenBank ID Forward Primer (5??3?) Reverse Primer (5??3?) Size of Product (bp). 
Primers used in RT-PCR analysis. 
Goal Transgenes. 
Genetic modification of T cells . 
GBM antigen Studies  Animal a Clinical. 
CAR T-cell therapy targets for GBM . 
a GBM model . 
Cytokine Cell system Mechanisms References. 
Extracellular environment ECM components Structural Enzymatic Collagen fibers Proteoglycans Multiadhesive proteins Metabolic enzymes. 
The components of the extracellular environment, cellular sensory apparatus, and miRNAs, mentioned in the review. 
Comparison of results of profile 1001 and profile 1005 trials. 
microRNA n-fold change p-value chromosomal localization. 
: miR-886-5p is a fragment of vault RNA (VTRNA2-1) [60] . 
microRNA n-fold change p-value chromosomal localization. 
microRNA proposed function literature. 
CORUM ID CORUM Complex Name p value Complex size # miRNAs Biological Process. 
The table showed the corrected p-value, the size of the complex and the number of miRNAs targeting the complex. 
Canonical pathway Corrected p-value. 
Prognostic proteins Prognostic miRNAs. 
Protein complexes miRNA. 
Gene Primer type  Primer sequence (5?-3?). 
Primers used for RACE and q RT-PCR of Na +/K +-ATPase ( nka ) ?-subunit isoforms from the brain of Monopterus albus . 
M. albus A. testudineus Similarity. 
The percentage similarity between the deduced amino acid sequence of Nka?1, Nka?3a and Nka?3b from the brain of M. albus with Nka?1a, Nka?1b and Nka?1c from the gills of A. testudineus obtained from GenBank (accession numbers in brackets; Ip et al. [44] ). Sequences are arranged in a descending order of similarity. 
KCl or NH4Cl concentration (mmol l?1) Ratio of Na+/NH4+ATPase activity to Na+/K+ATPase activity  M. musculus M. albus   Freshwater 50 mmol l?1 NH4Cl for 6 days. 
Effectiveness of NH4+ substituting for K+ (expressed as ratio of Na+/NH4+-ATPase activity to Na+/K+-ATPase activity) to induce Nka activities from the brain of M. musculus , or from the brain of M. albus kept in freshwater or exposed to 50 mmol l?1 NH4Cl for 6 days. 
Values are means ± S.E.M. ( N ?=?5). 
Means not sharing the same letter are significantly different, P <0.05. 
Dataset Name #Probes Positive Class (#samples) Negative Class (#samples) Reference. 
The first column, ‘Dataset Name’, indicates the name of the microarray dataset used in the manuscript. ‘#Probes’ shows the number of probes present in the dataset. The third and fourth columns contain the name of the positive and negative class, respectively, followed by the number of samples of that class. The last column shows the reference the dataset was collected from. 
Network TotalNodes Gene (Protein) Nodes Total Edges ConnectedComp. Avg. Node Degree Max Node Degree ClusteringCoefficient. 
The ‘Total Nodes’ column contains the total number of nodes available in the network while the ‘Gene (Protein) Nodes’ column shows the number of nodes with at least one gene in KEGG (or one protein in STIRING). The fourth and fifth columns contain the total number of edges, and the number of connected components having at least one gene (or protein), respectively. ‘Avg. Node Degree’ represents the number of edges a node has on average. ‘Max Node Degree’ denotes the maximum number of edges a node has in the network. ‘Clustering Coefficient’ is the ratio of the triangles to the connected triples in a graph. 
Network Appropriate Range MIS below the range MIS within the range MIS above the range. 
The table shows the number of MISs with a total of nodes below, within, and above the appropriate range. 
Method Leukemia CNS DLBCL Prostate1 Prostate3 Lung GCM Average. 
The leftmost column contains the names of the methods; the rightmost column shows the average accuracy of each method for seven datasets, and other columns show the accuracy (%) for individual datasets. ‘COSSY [KEGG]’ and ‘COSSY [STRING]’ represent COSSY using KEGG and STRING, respectively. ‘DIRAC’ is the algorithm proposed in [17] whose LOOCV accuracies have been calculated using the matlab code published with the paper. k -TSP and TSP denote the classification algorithms described in [5] and [4] , respectively. SVM stands for Support Vector Machine. ‘Doublet [Sign-DT]’, ‘Doublet [Sumdiff-DT]’, and ‘Doublet [Mul-DT]’ denote the classification methods using Sign-Doublet, Sumdiff-Doublet, and Mul-Doublet, respectively, with decision trees as described in [6] . The last three rows contain the loocv accuracies using Nave Bayes, k Nearest Neighbor, and PAM classifier, respectively. 
Results obtained from [5] . 
Results obtained from [6] . 
Dataset Name AUC of COSSY using KEGG AUC of COSSY using STRING AUC of DIRAC. 
AUC has been calculated using the ROCR package in R [35] . The best AUC for each dataset is highlighted in bold face. 
Patient Group Age Gender Viral load (copies/ ml) CD4 (cells/ ?l) CD8 (cells/ ?l) Total months on HAART RNA integrity number. 
Clinical profiles of study patients. 
VIR1-5: patients on HAART consecutively experiencing viremia (viral load <1,000); BDL1-5: patients on HAART with sustained below detection level of plasma viral load (viral load?<?40 copies of HIV RNA/ml). 
ProbeID Gene symbol Entrez gene name logFC FDR. 
Differentially expressed genes in the comparison of VIR versus BDL. 
The differentially expressed genes were sorted by fold change. 
Gene symbols in italic indicated genes in HIV interaction database. 
FDR : false discovery rate; NA : not available. 
Gene Comparison qPCR Microarray Gene Comparison qPCR Microarray. 
qPCR confirmation of differentially expressed genes. 
Fold change by qPCR was obtained from the mean expressions of the tested genes in each group. The cohort for qPCR validation consisted of 10 viremic patients, 10 BDLs, and 9 healthy controls (including all the original samples used in the microarray). All values represent fold changes between expression levels of the first group versus expression levels of the second group. Minus sign indicates down-regulation in the first group whereas positive sign indicates up-regulation in the first group. Housekeeping gene GAPDH was used as an internal control and the normalizer in qPCR. 
Gene set name Pathways/ biological functions DEGs involved in HIV infection/ disease progression Study description Reference Gene set size VIRvs BDL FDR VIRvs CTR FDR BDLvs CTR FDR. 
The GSEA of our dataset compared with the published gene lists derived from monocyte / MDM transcriptomes modulated by HIV. 
DEGs : differentially expressed genes; gene set size: number of genes in the published list; FDR : false discovery rate; VIR : the viremic patients; CTR : the healthy control group; MDM : monocyte-derived macrophages; vs: versus. * FDR ?<?0.25 (default cutoff); ** FDR ?<?0.05(more stringent); *** FDR ?<?0.01(most stringent). 
Gene set name GS size NOM p- val FDR Core enrichment genes contributing to the pathway enrichment. 
The ten immune - related pathways significantly up - regulated in viremic patients versus BDLs. 
GS size: Gene set size (number of genes in a particular gene set); NOM p -val: nominal p value; FDR : false discovery rate. 
Transporter targets MicroRNA dysregulation Direct binding site(s) on target gene? Prediction by miRNA database(s) Identification method Cancer type Study in patient samples? Reference. 
miRNAs reported to regulate MDR transporters to mediate chemoresistance. 
# SP?=?side population; Non-SP?=?non-side population. 
Target gene Biological effect of target gene MicroRNA Validation of miRNA binding site Prediction by miRNA database(s) Identification method Cancer type/Significance/Specific type of drug resistance Study in patient samples? Reference. 
miRNAs reported to regulate other mediators of drug resistance. 
a PcG?=?polycomb group protein (transcriptional repressor). 
b EMT?=?epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. 
Cancer type miRNA dysregulation Chemotherapeutic outcome prediction Reference. 
Representative miRNAs from patient tumor specimens as predictive markers for treatment outcome in cancer therapy. 
Abbreviations: CRC?=?colorectal cancer; EGFR?=?epidermal growth factor receptor; ER?=?estrogen receptor; GBM?=?glioblastoma multiforme; LOH?=?loss of heterozygosity; NSCLC?=?non-small cell lung cancer; PFS?=?progression-free survival; PgR?=?progesterone receptor. 
Cancer type miRNA dysregulation associated with poor response Sample type Significance Reference. 
Representative circulating miRNAs reported to predict response to chemotherapy and/or surgery. 
Cancer type miRNA target and its role in cancer Delivery system to modulate the miRNA in vivo* Reference. 
MiRNAs as targets for cancer therapy. 
* The miRNA target can be modulated by anti-miRNA oligonucleotides or miRNA-expressing constructs (delivered by viral or non-viral vectors). 
Cancer type miRNA targeted for inhibition Type of resistance circumvented Delivery system for modulation of miRNAs Reference. 
Novel approaches to circumvent chemoresistance by modulating unique miRNAs. 
Inhibitor Primary targets Secondary targets. 
Characteristics of PDGF receptor kinase inhibitors. 
The table summarizes the specificities of some kinase inhibitors targeting PDGF receptors. The Kd:s of the different members of the PDGFR, VEGFR and FGFR families are often similar and are lumped together, for simplicity. As primary targets are listed the kinases that are inhibited at the lowest concentrations (regardless of absolute concentrations). As secondary targets are listed kinases that are inhibited by about 10-fold higher inhibitor concentrations. For references, see [ 3 , 50 - 54 ]. 
Tumor type Results of patient studies Refs. 
Use of PDGFR kinase inhibitors in clinical trials for different tumors. 
CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease. 
Characteristics Gls2-methylated Gls2-unmethylated. 
Clinical-pathological features of the 20 liver cancer patients. 
Variables Patients (n) Expression of PRL-3 ? 2 P Negative (%) Positive (%). 
Association of PRL-3 expression with clinicopathological parameters in gastric cancer. 
*GC: Gastric cancer; GEC: Gastroesophageal Cancer. Statistical analysis showed significant positive associations of PRL-3 expression with lymph node involvement and vascular invasion. 
Variables Patients (n) 5-year survival P (%?±?SD). 
Univariate analysis of survival in gastric cancer according to clinicopathologic factors and PRL-3 expression. 
*GC: Gastric cancer; GEC: Gastroesophageal Cancer. As expected, clinical TNM stage, depth of tumor invasion, lymph node status, metastasis, vascular invasion and tumor location were significantly associated with clinical outcome. 
  Overall survival Variables HR 95% CI P   Lower Upper. 
Multivariate analysis of survival in gastric cancer according to clinicopathologic factors and PRL-3 overexpression. 
Multivariate analysis showed PRL-3 expression was an independent risk factor in gastric cancer outcome. 
Characteristic EGFR positive (%) EGFR negative (%) P value KRAS WT a (%) KRAS Mut b (%) P value N?=?67 (79.8%) N?=?17 (20.2%) N?=?54 (55.1%) N?=?44 (44.9%). 
Baseline characteristics of metachronous metastatic colorectal cancer patients by EGFR expression and KRAS mutation status. 
aWT: wild type; bMut: mutation; cLN: lymph node. 
Characteristic EGFR positive (%) EGFR negative (%) P value KRAS WT a (%) KRAS Mut b (%) P value N?=?73 (88.0%) N?=?17 (12.0%) N?=?63 (58.9%) N?=?44 (4119%). 
Baseline characteristics of synchronous metastatic colorectal cancer patients by EGFR expression and KRAS mutation status. 
aWT: wild type; bMut: mutation; cLN: lymph node. 
Parameters Overall survival Disease-free survival Univariate analysis Multivariable analysis Univariate analysis Multivariable analysis HR (95% CI) P value HR (95% CI) P value HR (95% CI) P value HR (95% CI) P value. 
Univariate and multivariable analysis of prognostic indicators on overall survival and disease-free survival for metachronous metastatic colorectal cancer patients (N?=?98). 
Parameters Overall survival Progression-free survival Univariate analysis Multivariable analysis Univariate analysis Multivariable analysis HR (95% CI) P value HR (95% CI) P value HR (95% CI) P value HR P value. 
Univariate and multivariable analysis of prognostic indicators on overall survival and progress-free survival for synchronous metastatic colorectal cancer patients (N?=?107). 
NCT code/trial name Drugs Setting Masking Primary endpoint Arm Status Results. 
Available targeted agents in advanced gastric cancer. 
Abbreviation : HER2 human epidermal growth factor receptor-2, OS overall survival, EGFR epidermal growth factor receptor, PFS progression free survival, VEGF vascular endothelial growth factor, BSC best supportive care, DCR disease control rate, m-TOR mammalian target of rapamycinm. 
Spot No. MOWSE score Accession No. Protein name abbreviation Protein name Theoretical Mr (kDa)/pI Sequence coverage (%). 
The spot number refers to the numbers in Fig. 2 . The MOWSE (MOlecular Weight SEarch) score is used to identify proteins from the molecular weight of peptides produced by proteolytic digestion. Mr, theoretical molecular mass; p I , isoelectric point. The sequence coverage of matching peptides was calculated by using Biotools™ software. 
Spot no a Accession nr b Protein MW [kDa] calculated pI MW [kDa]in gel Scores #Peptides SC c [%] Ratio d ir/ctrl fold change p-value. 
Spots were compared by 2D stained with Colloidal Coomassie and proteins were identified using LC-MS/MS. 
a The spot location is shown in Figure 2 ad 3. 
b Protein accession number from the UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot nonredundant protein database. 
c obtained sequence coverage. 
d Ratio calculated in relation to unirradiated control group. 
Pathway Regulated proteins (reference). 
Cancer type CSC marker References. 
Representative cell surface markers for human CSCs . 
AML, acute myelogenous leukemia; ALDH, aldehyde dehydrogenase; EpCAM, epithelial cell adhesion molecule; CXCR4, CXC chemokine receptor 4; AFP, alpha-fetoprotein . 
Cancer Type miRNA Target gene Role of miRNA in CSC properties References. 
The regulatory roles of miRNAs in CSCs . 
AML, acute myelogenous leukemia; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome . 
Summary of recent GPCRs for intercellular lipid mediators. 
S1P: sphingosine 1-phosphate; SPC: sphingosylphosphorylcholine; LPA: lysophosphatidic acid; FFA: free fatty acid; OEA: oleoylethanolamide; 5-oxo-ETE: 5-oxo-6E,8Z,11Z,14Z-eicosatetraenoic acid; LPC: lysophosphatidylcholine; LPI: lysophosphatidylinositol; LPS: lysophosphatidylserine; PS: phosphatidylserine; NAG: N-arachidonylglycine; 9-HODE: 9-hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid; 12-S-HEPE: 12-(S)- hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid. 
    AUC Maximum Time to maximum. 
Influence of three different clinorotation profiles in comparison to 1 g and 1.8 g on the ROS production determined by luminol kinetics. 
Cells were activated by opsonized zymosan stimulation beforehand.Luminescence was measured in counts per second (CPS) and quantified by calculating the area under the curves (AUC, total ROS production), the maximum peak height (Maximum) and the time to the maximum peak hight (Time to maximum). Values of normalized data are listed as means?±?standard error (SE). n, number of replicates; 60Stop, 60 rpm for 20 min followed by 1 g for 30 min; Stop60, 1 g for 20 min followed by 60 rpm for 30 min; PF profile, simulation of gravitational changes during a parabolic flight; ***p?<?0.001. 
Relative activation       Clinorotation 1 g   n Mean?±?SD Mean?±?SD. 
Ratio of activation by clinorotation compared to zymosan activation after increasing incubation times in the clinostat. 
Quotients are given as means of four independent experiments with three replicates having standard deviation (mean?±?SD). 
Abbreviations: HbF, fetal hemoglobin; JMML, juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia; ND, not determined; NF-1, neurofibromatosis type 1; WBC, white blood cells. 
Gene Forward (sense) primer Reverse (antisense) primer Amplicon size (bp) Temp (°C). 
Primer pairs used for amplification of selected genes. 
? n Control group n PIO-treated group. 
Vasoactive responses influenced by PIO treatment on relaxation and contraction of thoracic aorta. 
Ach: acetylcholine; Ins: insulin; NA: noradrenaline; KCl: potassium chloride, **P < 0.01 PIO versus control group. 
mRNA Left ventricle Brainstem Control PIO Control PIO. 
mRNA expression of SOD1 and SOD2 isoforms after PIO treatment. 
Data represent mean ± SEM, *P < 0.05, PIO versus control. 
Nature of genomic instability Example gene mutations Syndrome associated with germline mutation Comments. 
Examples of genomic instability in CRC. 
Gene or group of genes Description Mechanism for mutation increasing CRC risk Notes. 
Examples of gene mutations implicated in CRC. 
CRC, colorectal cancer; MAPK, mitogen-associated protein kinase; MMR, mismatch repair. 
Variable MIF expression a DJ-1 expression a Survival time (months) b Low (n=36) High (n=89) Low (n=31) High (n=94). 
Correlation between proteins expression and clinicopathological parameters of NPC patients. 
a, Chi-square test; b, Kaplan-Meier analysis. 
Variable Hazard ratio 95% confidence interval P value. 
Cox regression model for multivariate analyses of prognostic factor in NPC. 
MicroRNAs Disease Function Reference. 
List of MicroRNAs and their corresponding functions in various human diseases. 
miRNA Tumor type Target gene Role Imaging. 
Cancer specific microRNAs and their downstream targets. 
Grade Response Criteria. 
Revised RECIST guideline (version 1.1) 62. 
Grade Definition. 
The Dworak Tumor response grading system 7. 
Author Year cCR % pCR %. 
Studies of Complete Clinical Responders and Pathologic Complete Responders. 
Clinical Labs Radiological. 
Tools to Detect Tumor Responses. 
CEA - Carcinoembryonic antigen, CpG IMP - Island Methylation Phenotype, ERUS - Endorectal Ultrasound, PET CT - Positron emission tomography - computed tomography, DCE- US - Dynamic contrast-enhanced ultrasonography. 
Radionuclide Half-life Emax (keV) Radiation Production. 
Selected radionuclides used in clinical PET, SPECT and radiotherapy, their production mode and decay properties. Radiometals are marked in grey. 
Agent Examination time Effective dose, [mSv]. 
Effective doses for some PET and SPECT imaging agents. 
PP (mmHg) MAP (mmHg) SMABF (ml/min.100 g) SMAR (mmHg/ml.min.100 g. 
p<0.05, ** p<0.001 compared with PVL V. 
Early stage of diabetes Late stage of diabetes  Control Diabetic Diabetic+INS Control Diabetic Diabetic+INS. 
Data are expressed as means±s.e. 
p?0.05*Diabetic vs Control. 
p?0.05‡Diabetic vs. Diabetic +INS. 
p?0.05†Control vs. Diabetic+INS. 
Early stage of diabetes Late stage of diabetes  Control Diabetic Diabetic+INS Control Diabetic Diabetic+INS. 
Data are expressed as means± s.e. 
p?0.05*Diabetic vs Control. 
p?0.05‡Diabetic vs. Diabetic+INS. 
Stage Number of normal samples Number of disease samples Significant genes DNA methylated genes Hyper Hypo. 
Distribution of significant genes and significant DNA methylated genes across the four stages of LUAD. 
  Stage 1 (%) Stage 2 (%) Stage 3 (%). 
Percentage of genes overlapping from signaling network with BioGRID network. 
Stage/DNA methylated genes identified as TFs Significance. 
Significance of transcription factors in LUAD. 
Stages DNA methylated genes Number List of genes. 
Common DNA methylated genes across stages. 
Stage Hyper/Hypo Genes in descending order of beta-values (p <0.001). 
Identification of top beta-value scored DNA methylated genes across stages. 
Stage Hypermethylated Hypomethylated True False True False. 
Distribution of hyper and hypo-methylated genes in CpG islands. 
Stage Num. of DNA methylated genes Num. of interactions. 
DNA methylated gene interactions across stages. 
Stage Missing links Novel genes Num. of DNA methylated genes Num. of novel genes & stages where these are identified. 
Novel genes (Missing Link-methodology) discovered using BioGRID. 
DNA methylated genes Stages I II III. 
Analysis of DNA methylated genes interacting with novel genes. 
Stage Subnetwork Connectivity profile of the hub node across pathways Cancer Lung cancer Signaling Metabolic?+?others. 
Analysis of hub genes in the DNA methylated subnetworks of size 4. 
* : identified in Table 2 . 
Stage Biological Process p-value Genes in subnetworks. 
Enrichment analysis of the top scored subnetworks. 
*: commonality with Table  2 . 
Breast cancer population Subtypes Detection method Current treatment Markers of response Markers of resistance Exploitable markers. 
Treatment options, current, and future biomarkers in different subgroups of breast cancer. 
Abbreviations: ER, estrogen receptor; PgR, progesterone receptor; HT, hormonal therapy; CT, chemotherapy; FGFR 1, fibroblast growth factor receptor 1; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; CCND1, cyclin D1; HER, human epidermal growth factor; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; IFNG, interferon gamma; STAT1, signal transducers and activators of transcription 1; D16 HER2, HER 2 splice variant lacking exon 16; BRCA1, breast cancer type 1 susceptibility protein; TOP 2A, topoisomerase 2A; TIL, tumor infiltrating lymphocyte. 
Protein name The matched species/taxonomy in NCBI g) Spot no. Identity(%) f) GI No. MS/mps d) Sequencecoverage(%) e) PredictedMW/PI ObservedMW/PI TM domain(numbers) c) Acropora databaseno. b) Relativeratio(folds) ofbiotinylated vs totalproteins h) Reference. 
a) MS data were first screened against the Acropora digitifera protein library (see the section of “ Materials and methods ”). Matched coral proteins with MS>23 were then blasted to NCBInr database to identify predicted proteins. 
b) The serial no. of proteins in Acroporal digifera database ( http://marinegenomics.oist.jp/genomes/downloads?project_id=3 ). 
c) Transmembrane domains were predicted by TMpred. ( http://www.ch.embnet.org/software/TMPRED_form.html ). 
d) MOWSE score/number of total matched peptides (numbers of different matched peptides) against the Acropora digitifera protein library. 
e) The coverage of protein spot peptide sequence among matched Acropora protein. 
f) The percentage of sequence identity between the identified Acropora protein and the closet matched protein in NCBInr database. 
g) The species were protein spot to blast NCBInr database using the MASCOT search program, and this column shown the closest matched species. 
h) Relative fluorescent ratio (fold) of the Alexa Fluor 488 (i.e. biotinylated) over SYPRO (see the “ Materials and methods ” section). 
Treatment arm MK-2206 dose, mg Schedule a Combination with:. 
MK-2206 treatment regimen by treatment arm. 
Abbreviations : IV intravenous, AUC6 ?area under the curve 6.0 mg/mL, QD once daily. 
aQOD = once every other day on days 1, 3, 5, and 7 of 21-day cycle, except *: alternate day dosing on days 1–21; Q3W = once every 3 weeks on day 1 of 21-day cycle; QW = once weekly on days 1, 8, and 15 of 21-day cycle. 
Characteristic Patients   (N?=?72). 
Patient characteristics. 
Abbreviations : SD standard deviation, ECOG Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group, PS performance status, SCLC small cell lung cancer, SCC squamous cell cancer. 
aCervical, cholangiocarcinoma, gastric, mesothelioma, endothelial cell, bladder, renal, sarcoma, SCC orbit, SCC vagina, SCC vulva, anal, tonsil, hard palate, and vulva. 
Treatment arm MK-2206 dosing schedule Evaluable patients Dose-limiting toxicities. 
Dose schedules and dose-limiting toxicities of MK-2206 in combination therapy. 
Abbreviation : TCP thrombocytopenia. 
a3 events in 2 patients. 
bdays 1–7. 
ccontinuous. 
Adverse event, n (%) Arm 1: carboplatin AUC 6; Arm 2: docetaxel Arm 3: erlotinib Paclitaxel 200 mg/m 2 75 mg/m 2 60 mg/m 2 100 mg and 150 mg MK-2206 MK-2206 MK-2206 MK-2206 MK-2206 MK-2206 QOD Q3W QOD a Q3W b QOD QW   45 mg (n?=?6) 60 mg (n?=?9) 90 mg (n?=?5) 135 mg (n?=?5) 200 mg (n?=?6) 45 mg (n?=?5) 90 mg (n?=?3) 135 mg (n?=?4) 200 mg (n?=?4) 45 mg c (n?=?9) 45 mg d (n?=?4) 135 mg c (n?=?6) 135 mg d (n?=?6). 
Treatment-related adverse events occurring in ?20% of patients in any treatment arm with QOD and Q3W dosing schedules of MK-2206. 
aMK-2206 QOD explored with docetaxel 75 mg/m2 only. 
bMK-2206 Q3W explored with docetaxel 60 mg/m2 only. 
c100 mg erlotinib. 
d150 mg erlotinib. 
Treatment arm MK-2206 dosing schedule Number of patients AUC 0-48h , nM•h a C max , nM a T max , h b t 1/2 , h c. 
Pharmacokinetic parameters of MK-2206 after the first dose when administered in combination therapy. 
Abbreviations : AUC 0-48h ?area under the curve from 0 to 48 hours, C max ?maximum concentration, T max ?time to maximum concentration, Q21 ?every 21 days, NA not available, SD standard deviation. 
aMean ± SD (coefficient of variation%). 
bMedian (range). 
cHarmonic mean ± pseudo SD. 
Signalling pathway and inhibitor Potency (ED50, nmol/100 ?l) Maximum effects (Emax, mm Hg) n. 
Potency and maximum vasoconstrictor responses for tryptamine in the absence and presence of inhibitors in the rat isolated perfused mesenteric arterial beds. 
Potency is represented as the geometric mean (with 95% confidence intervals) ED50 (nmole/100 ?l) and the maximum response is displayed as arithmetic mean ± S.E.M maximum increase in perfusion pressure (mm Hg). n is the number of animals. * Represents significant differences from paired control values by Student's paired t -test, P  < 0.05, ** P  < 0.01 and *** P  < 0.001. $$ Significant difference from unpaired controls by Student's unpaired t -test, P  < 0.01. ## Significant differences between the l -NAME plus cocaine group and control or cocaine alone by one-way ANOVA with Tukey's multiple comparison test, P  < 0.003, ### P  < 0.0001. ND, not determined. 
Notation Description. 
miRNA nomenclature. 
Gene Description Location Function Domains Reference. 
Proteins involved in miRNA biogenesis. 
Database Description URL Reference. 
miRNA target prediction tools. 
miRNA Function Putative targets Reference. 
miRNA involved in megakaryopoiesis. 
MiRNA Function Putative targets Reference. 
miRNAs involved in erythropoiesis. 
miRNA Function Putative targets Reference. 
miRNAs involved in AML. 
miRNA Function Putative targets Reference. 
miRNAs involved in CML. 
Calycosin concentration (mmol/L) OD value Inhibition rate %. 
The effect of calycosin on proliferation of BEL-7402 cells ( x - ± s ). 
Data expressed as mean x ¯ ± s , ** P < 0.01 compared with control. 
Group G1 Stage (%) S Stage (%) G2/M Stage (%). 
The effect of calycosin on cell cycle of BEL-7402 cells ( x ¯ ± s ). 
Data expressed as mean x ¯ ± s , **means P < 0.01 compared with control. 
Spot PI Mr (kD) Expression. 
Isoelectric point and molecular weight of the differentially expressed proteins of human hepatoma carcinoma cells after treatment by calycosin. 
PI represents isoelectric point; Mr represents molecular weight; “?” represents the upregulated protein; “?” represents the downregulated protein; “—” represents the disappeared protein. 
Spot Protein name NCB Inr ID no. Sequence coverage (%) Score Protein expression. 
Differentially expressed proteins of human hepatoma carcinoma cells after treatment by calycosin. 
“?” represents the upregulated protein; “?” represents the downregulated protein. 
Network Static network IE network ME network ML Network VL network. 
The degree of a node is the number of interactions incident to it. The clustering coefficient measures the interconnectivity around a node. The average path length is the average length of all shortest paths among all node pairs. Betweenness centrality is the average number of shortest paths between all node pairs passing through a node. Closeness centrality is the reciprocal of the average shortest path lengths. The mean and standard deviation (mean ± SD) of 100 random networks for each active sub-network are presented in the last row. All computations were performed in Cytoscape. 
NA-Denotes not applicable. 
Distances Mean WT STD WT Mean Rsk2 mutants STD Rsk2 mutants p-value. 
In bold are distances significantly different between wild- type (WT) and mutants (all these distances were shorter in mutants). Anatomical landmarks are explained in Fig. S1 (supplementary information). All distances are in millimeters. STD: standard deviation; L: left; R: right. 
Mouse Genotype Upper Right Upper Left Lower Right Lower Left. 
N: normal pattern of 3 molars M1, M2, M3. (3) means the presence of only 3 molars but the size of the second one is bigger (most probably there is a supernumerary tooth ST in front of M1, and M3 is missing). 
Mandibular molars WT Mandibular molars Mutant 3M Mandibular molars Mutant 4M Maxillary molars WT Maxillary molars Mutant 3M Maxillary molars Mutant 4M. 
M1 size is reduced in mutants with 4 molars both in mandible and maxilla, but only in the maxilla of mutants showing 3 molars. M2 is reduced both in maxilla and mandible whatever the molar mutant phenotype. M3 mesiodistal dimension is reduced only in the mandible, irrespective of the presence of 3 or 4 molars. The total size of the molar field is reduced in the mandible and maxilla in mutant with 3 molars. The total size of the molar field is significantly increased in the maxilla in mutants with 4 molars. The total size of M1+M2 was always reduced when compared to the wild type value. All distances are in millimeters. Significant p-values are shown in bold. 
M1 : molar 1; M2 : molar 2; M3 : molar 3; ST : supplementary tooth in front of M1; STD : standard deviation; Mutant 3M : mutant with 3 molars; Mutant 4M : mutant with 4 molars; Total : total length of all molars in the molar field. 
Mandibular molars WT Mandibular molars Mutants 3M Mandibular molars Mutants 4M Maxillary molars WT Maxillary molars Mutants 3M Maxillary molars Mutants 4M. 
In mutants the width of M1 was not modified. The width of the maxillary M2 and M3 was reduced. In the mandible the width of M2 was lower only when 4 molars were present, and the width of M3 was lower only in mutants with 3 molars (all distances in millimeters; significant p-values in bold). 
M1 : molar 1; M2 : molar 2; M3 : molar 3; ST : supplementary tooth in front of M1; STD : standard deviation; Mutant 3M : mutant with 3 molars; Mutant 4M : mutant with 4 molars. 
Li (mm) hi (mm) Hi (mm) li (mm) ti (mm) lpa (mm2). 
No statistically significant differences were revealed between right and left incisors in both groups (p>0.05). As a consequence, results from right and left incisors were merged. No statistical difference was observed between WT and Rsk2-/Y (p>0.05). 
(Li) length of the longest and external bow, (hi) height of median part of the incisor, (Hi) total height of the incisor, (li) horizontal length of the incisor joining the tip to the distal extremity of the root, (lpa) projected area in lateral view of the incisor, (ti) thickness the median part of the incisor. For more explanations on the measured distances, see Figure S3 . STD : standard deviation. 
Mean size (mm) STD p-value. 
Only the upper (maxillary) diastema from mutants with 4 molars was significantly smaller compared to wild-type (bold). STD : standard deviation. 
Rsk1    Rsk2    Rsk3    Rsk4     Inc M1 M2 M3 Inc M1 M2 M3 Inc M1 M2 M3 Inc M1 M2 M3. 
+ : positive signal; lab: labial; ? posterior area. 
IDE: inner dental epithelium; ODE: outer dental epithelium; SR: stellate reticulum; SI: stratum intermedium; PreAm: preameloblasts; Am: ameloblasts; Od: odontoblasts, PreOd: Preodontoblats. 
Top ten up-regulated genes Fold change P-value Name. 
The table is highlighting genes showing the highest degree of enrichment (positive values) or down-regulation (negative values). 
Up-regulated genes Fold change P-value Name. 
The table is highlighting genes selected on the basis of their known involvement in pathways regulating odontogenesis. 
Groups Net MFI(MFI of cells treated with Ab - MFI of cells only)  Initiation phase Post-initiation phase. 
The results are expressed as Mean±S.D. for n?=?8. 
p<0.001 wrt control group,. 
### p<0.001 wrt DMH treated,. 
p<0.001 wrt FO+CO(1?1)+DMH. 
Group Net MFI(MFI of cells treated with Ab - MFI of cells only)  Initiation phase Post-initiation phase. 
The results are expressed as Mean±S.D. for n?=?8. 
p<0.001 wrt control group,. 
### p<0.001 wrt DMH treated,. 
p<0.001 wrt FO+CO(1?1)+DMH. 
Group Net MFI(MFI of cells treated with Ab - MFI of cells only)  Initiation phase Post-initiation phase. 
The results are expressed as Mean±S.D. for n?=?8. 
p<0.001 wrt control group,. 
### p<0.001 wrt DMH treated,. 
p<0.001 wrt FO+CO(1?1)+DMH. 
No ?C ?H HMBC. 
Cell type Strain ?H2AX SPR. 
Fold induction of ?H2AX in 1BR normal skin fibroblasts, F02-98 Seckel syndrome skin fibroblasts, 3 normal human melanocyte cell lines, and 12 human melanoma cell lines was measured at 1 h post-UVC by flow-cytometry as depicted in Figure 5 . Values represent the mean +/? SEM of three independent experiments. 
Blood cells Innate immune response Key genes. 
Key genes involved in innate immunity, inflammatory responses and wound healing in Drosophila haemocytes . 
Gene Product Mammalian Relative (s) Molecular Function Ras-related Phenotypes Reference(s). 
Core components are shown in black, positive regulators or targets are shown in green, and negative regulators or targets are shown in red. 
Gene Product Mammalian Relative(s) Molecular Function Ras-related Phenotypes Reference(s). 
Positive targets are shown in green, and negative targets are shown in red. 
Year New Cases Deaths All cancers Oral cancer Tongue cancer All cancers Oral cancer Tongue cancer. 
Changes in oral cancer incidence and death (2007 - 2011)a. 
aThe number of new cancer cases and deaths is based on the cancer statistics compiled by American Cancer Society from year 2007 to year 2011 [ 1 - 5 ]. 
MicroRNA Chromosomal location Mature miR sequence Up-/down- regulation References No. of reports Sample size (SCC/ctrl). 
Differentially expressed microRNAs that were consistently reported in HNSCC (by at least 4 independent studies) (adopted from Chen et al., Oral Oncol. 2012;48(8):686-91). 
Pathway/ Gene family Gene Function Freq. in NGS Epithelial mouse model genotype Tumour type Reference. 
Non-chemically induced transgenic mice models of oral cavity cancers (OCC). 
NGS = next generation sequencing. 
Virulence factor Function. 
Virulence determinants of S. pneumoniae and mechanisms of subversion of host defences. 
Cause Consequence. 
Causes of overexuberant inflammatory responses during pneumococcal CAP. 
Type of adjunctive therapy Current status. 
Adjunctive anti-inflammatory therapies in CAP. 
Prodrugs – DXR (Abbreviation) M r Solvent Stock solution Final concentration. 
*AHC, AGGC and FTS were also tested in initial screening experiments but showed no obvious effects on the localization of the GFP fluorescence under the chosen experimental conditions. FTS treatment however resulted in a fewer amount of fluorescent cells. 
Tissue or cell models Adhesion or junctional proteins found in complexes with PrP C (or colocalized with PrP C) Adhesion or junctional proteins regulated by PrP C Signaling proteins involved in PrP C effects or modulated by PrP C engagement Biological processes Refs. 
In the second column, interactions between PrPC and adhesion proteins, established by co- immunoprecipitation studies, are reported. When only co-localizations were demonstrated, they are indicated between brackets. 
Effector Gene Biological activity Effect on host cells V. cholerae AM19226 TTSS2? Homologue (% ID) a V. cholerae 1587 TTSS2? Homologue (% ID) V. parahaemolyticus TH3996 TTSS2? Homologue (% ID). 
Characterized V. parahaemolyticus TTSS2 effectors . 
% amino acid identity to the corresponding V. parahaemolyticus RIMD2201633 TTSS2 effector. 
Designates less than 20% amino acid identity to any protein in the strain. 
Effector Gene Biological activity Effect on host cells. 
Characterized V. parahaemolyticus TTSS1 effectors and their role in pathogenesis . 
RNAi Clone Gene Mammalian Homolog Description. 
RNAi, RNA interference. 
KEGG Pathway N FC p. 
KEGG pathways targeted by the 13 activity-dependent miRNAs . 
KEGG, KEGG accession number; N, number of target genes in pathway; FC, fold enrichment over expected . 
miRNA miRNA levels in Ago2 IP following LTP induction  PCR card qPCR. 
Comparison of PCR card screening to Taqman qPCR validation results . 
Significantly increased expression (?); significantly decreased expression (?); no change (?) . 
KEGG Pathway name N FC P. 
Neural related pathways enriched in targets with decreased activity-dependent Ago2 association . 
KEGG Pathway name N FC P. 
Neural related pathways enriched in targets with increased activity-dependent Ago2 association . 
miRNA UTn RPn. 
Reduction in target gene list size resulting from rank product analysis . 
UTn, Unique targets; RPn, Rank products . 
Molecule Interaction type (Reference) Major functions. 
Overview of serglycin binding partners . 
U937 OA LA LNA AA EPA DHA. 
U937 OA LA LNA AA EPA DHA. 
Species Approximate # Estimated Median ‡ Median ‡ GC Source   genome size repeat content exon length intron length content  . 
Genome statistics. 
Repeat content of different nematode genomes appears not to be directly correlated with genome size. Re-calculation in selected genomes shows little deviance from published data (in parentheses) ?and thus indicates the validity of our inference for R. culicivorax . 
?For B. xylophilus and M. incognita only reference data is given as the same programs were used for initial inference (see references); A. suum not re-calculated. 
# M. incognita genome size given as 86Mbp in [ 24 ] has been re-estimated to about 150Mbp (E. Danchin pers. comm.). 
‡ Median lengths for A. suum and T. spiralis were calculated in this work as these data are not given in the cited publications. 
Metric Result. 
Assembly and annotation statistics. 
Protein T. spiralis R. culicivorax. 
Presence and absence of selected ? C. elegans proteins in Dorylaimia. 
*For additional proteins see Additional files 2 and 4 . 
RN A* Decrease in viability (MTT - index ± SD, %)** Proapoptotic changes in membrane*** Mitochondrial transmembrane potential ??****, % of cells Ann V-/PI- Ann V+/PI- Ann V+/PI+ without dissipation with dissipation Viable cells, % Apoptotic bodies, % Secondary necrotic cells, %. 
The effect of Alu-RNA and 7SL RNA analogues on the viability, asymmetry, cell membrane permeability, and mitochondrial transmembrane potential of MCF-7 cells. 
* Cells were transfected with 1?g/ml RNA in a complex with Lipofectamine. 
** Viability of cells incubated in the medium with Lipofectamine without RNA was taken as 100%. 
*** Changes in the cell membrane were analyzed by flow cytofluorometry using annexin V (AnnV) conjugated to FITC and propidium iodide (PI). 
**** Dissipation of the mitochondrial transmembrane potential was evaluated using flow cytofluorometry of cells stained with the mitochondrial dye JC-1 [ 23 ]. 
Effector (IC40*) Alu(+)-RN A 7SL(+)-RN A MTT -index ± SD, %** p*** MTT -index ± SD, %** p***. 
Effect of Alu-RNA and 7SL RNA analogues on MCF-7 cell viability in the presence of cytostatic agents. 
* The empirically obtained effector concentrations are indicated at which cell viability decreased by 40% after incubation (with Lipofectamine) for 72 hrs. 
** Additional decrease in the MTT-index in cells by the 72nd h after transfection with RNA. Viability of cells incubated in the medium with Lipofectamine, with an effector at the indicated concentration, and without RNA was taken as 0%. 
*** p value for the Student’s t-test. 
Transcript* Identifier Relative change in expression** Annotation. 
MCF-7 cell transcripts whose level varies under the action of the Alu-RNA analogue. 
* Transcripts annotated in the RefSeq database (accessions NM, NR). The transcripts whose expression changed under the action of both Alu-RNA and 7SL RNA are shown in bold . 
** Variation in the transcript amount in cells treated with Alu-RNA relative to the control cells treated with Lipofectamine. 
*** The Illumina HT-12 probe sequence for the FLJ45244 gene coincides with the DICER-AS1 sequence (NR_015415). 
Transcript* Identifier Relative change in expression** Annotation. 
MCF-7 cell transcripts whose level varies under the action of the 7SL RNA analogue. 
* Transcripts annotated in the RefSeq database (accessions NM, NR). The transcripts whose expression changed under the action of both Alu-RNA and 7SL RNA are shown in bold . 
** Variation in the transcript amount in cells treated with Alu-RNA relative to the control cells treated with Lipofectamine. 
Sequences of the pairs of oligonucleotides pairs used in PCR to produce deletion mutants of the NF-kB binding sites in the MUC5AC gene. 
MS, mutant sense; MAS, mutant antisense. 
Structure of flavonoids. 
Class Flavonoid Dietary source References. 
Classification, structure, and food sources of some dietary flavonoids. 
Plant Family Flavonoid References. 
Medicinal plants rich in flavonoids contents. 
Flavonoid Virus References. 
Antiviral activity of various flavonoids. 
Organism Hox gene Tissue Method Reference. 
Microarray expression profile and ChIP methods used to identify Hox targets. The Hox genes are studied in the wildtype, in Hox mutants, or after Hox ectopic expression. Modified from [ 47 ]. 
BPH Prostate cancer. 
Statistical analysis of an association of GLCE expression with the patients' clinical data in BPH and prostate cancer. 
GLCE expression data and PSA levels are expressed as the mean ± SD, patient groups are formed according the GLCE mRNA levels changes compared with the average GLCE level in normal prostate tissues (GLCE/b-actin ratio 1.92 ± 1.04), a 50% cutoff value was considered significant. r – Pearson correlation coefficient, P  < 0.05 was considered as a statistically significant difference (OriginPro 8.1). BPH, benign prostate hyperplasia; PSA, prostate-specific antigen. 
Gene Protein Fold change TSC?/vehicle versus TSC2+/vehicle Fold change TSC2? rapamycin versus TSC2?/vehicle Fold change TSC2?/rapamycin versus TSC2+/vehicle. 
Rapamycin-insensitive up-regulation of PTGS2 and PTGIS expression in TSC-deficient LAM patient–derived cells are not affected by rapamycin treatment compared to TSC2-addback cells. 
Subject 1 Subject 2 Subject 3. 
Clinical profile of LAM subjects. 
Characteristics Number of Patients. 
: Squamous Cell Carcinoma. 
Stage SNP 1/2 SZ (MAF) Control (MAF) OR (95% CI) P P_perm. 
MAF: minor allele frequency; P_perm: adjusted P of 10000 permutations. 
Completed clinical studies of single-agent arginine depletors in advanced cancer. 
HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PFS, progression-free survival; NO, nitric oxide; MOA, mechanism of action; ASS1, argininosuccinate synthetase 1; n/a, not available; PMR, partial metabolic response; OBD, optimal biological dose; BSC, best supportive care; RECIST, Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors; IHC, immunohistochemistry. a)From diagnosis. 
Phase I/II arginine depletor combination studies in advanced cancer. 
NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; ASS1, argininosuccinate synthetase 1; FLT, 18F-fluorothymidine; PET/CT, positron emission tomography/computed tomography. 
Week Treatment FBG (mg/dl) Weight (g) (n) HbA1c (%) (n). 
Body weights, FBG and HbA1c values from the Swiss Webster mice. 
*, p?<?0.05 vs. Veh or Veh?+?Veh; #, p?<?0.05 vs. Veh?+?Erlotinib (Erl). 
Immunohistochemical staining of epithelial and mesenchymal markers in endometrial carcinoma tissues of patients according to age, stage, and grade. 
Groups Activators Integrins Pathway References. 
Regulation of integrin expression in human chondrosarcoma cells. 
Groups Ligand Integrin signaling Regulation Function References. 
Integrin as a receptor regulates signalings in human chondrosarcoma cells. 
N Unused Total %Cov (95) Accession Gene Symbol Peptides (95%) 115?114 PVal 115?114 116?114 PVal 116?114 117?114 PVal 117?114. 
a Only the top 10 up- and down-regulated proteins found to be highly expressed or decreased in SIMP and COMP ch HES-3 cells, and EC cells as compared with normal ch HES-3 are shown. 
Note that 115?114, 116?114, and 117?114 refer to relative levels of protein expression in SIMP ch HES-3, COMP ch HES-3 and hECCs cells with respect to normal ch HES-3 cells. Statistical calculations for iTRAQ-based detection and relative quantification were calculated using the Paragon Algorithm using Protein-Pilot software. 
Subcutaneous in vivo tumor cell lines models. 
Engineered animal models for anti-tumor evaluations. 
Parameters Grouping n c-MET [case (%)] ? 2 test Positive Negative ? 2 value P value. 
Expression of c-MET and its correlation with clinicopathological parameters in 121 cases. 
Parameters Grouping n p-MET [case (%)] ? 2 test Positive Negative ? 2 value P value. 
Expression of p-MET and its correlation with clinicopathological parameters in 121 cases. 
Parameters Grouping n e2f-1 [case (%)] ? 2 test Positive Negative ? 2 value P value. 
Expression of e2f-1 and its correlation with clinicopathological parameters in 121 cases. 
Parameters c-MET expression (n/%) Positive Negative ? 2 value P 1 value * r value P 2 value #. 
Chi-square analysis and Spearson relative analysis among the expression of c-MET, p-MET, e2f-1 and Ki-67. 
Note: *: Chi-square analysis, #: Spearson relative analysis. 
Parameters Grouping Case number (n/%) ? 2 value df P value. 
Survival analysis on all case by Log-rank analysis (n?=?121). 
TNM groups Grouping (month) e2f-1 expression (n/%) ? 2 value P 1 value * ? 2 value P 2 value # Positive Negative. 
Stratified survival analysis of e2f-1 expression in groups with different TNM stage. 
Notes: *: Log-rank analysis; #: K-Related Samples test. 
Cancer Cell lines Sensitivity to chemotherapeutic agents LD50 (?M). 
LD50 values for effects of oseltamivir phosphate on viability of cancer cells in culture. 
Note: LD50 value is given as ?M of drug concentration determined by MTT or WST-1 assay after 72 hours of incubation. 
Abbreviation: LD50, individual dose required to kill 50 percent of viable cells; MTT, tetrazolium dye 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide. 
Characteristics No. of patients p-AKT P-value  (+) (%). 
Clinicopathological characteristics of primary hepatocellular carcinoma patients. 
P-values were calculated using Chi-square analysis. 
GROUP Parameters Ctr3 D3 PYR Ctrl7 D7 ALA. 
MBPC: carotid mean blood pressure; PWV: pulse wave velocity; See methods for group description. *: P<0.05 vs respective control (Ctrl); a: P<0.05 vs respective D group. ANOVA followed by Bonferroni's correction for multiple comparisons. 
Feature   Total N (%) Frequency N (%) P-value       Low (n = 33; 29.0%) High (n = 81; 71.1%)  . 
Association of RKIP expression in main tumor with clinicopathological features (n = 114). 
Cutoff 10% (ROC cutoff value). 
*Odds ratio estimate for high-grade tumor budding predicted by loss of RKIP is OR (95%CI): 5.42 (1.51-19.5). 
** Odds ratio estimate of medium/high grade budding predicted by loss of RKIP is OR (95%CI): 2.6 (1.07-6.29). 
Feature   Frequency N (%) P-value     Low (n = 68; 69.4) High (n = 30; 30.6)  . 
Association of RKIP expression in tumor buds with clinicopathological features (n = 98). 
Cutoff 10%. 
Characteristics Total (n?=?134) miR-200b low (n?=?78) miR-200b high (n?=?56) P value No. % No. %. 
Clinico-pathological variables and the expression of miR-200b in total breast cancer patients. 
*means statistically significant (p?<?0.05). 
% means percentage within the row. 
TNBC, triple-negative breast cancer, means ER(-), PR(-), HER-2(-). High expression of miR-200b was seen in 41.8% of total patients and correlated with early TNM stage (p = 0.040) and fewer metastasis (p = 0.003). 
KEGG Pathway P Accession Gene Symbol Gene Name Fold Change. 
List of key KEGG Pathways extracted from differentially expressed genes utilizing DAVID Bioinformatic Resource. Specific pathways are arranged in order of their p-value. Gene names and Fold changes for individual genes were added from the original data set. 
Gene Name Accession No. Description Fold Change. 
List of differentially expressed hypoxia-responsive genes in HAPE individuals. 
Gene Product Forward and reverse primers (5??3?). 
HF/PBS (n?=?12) HF/AngII/AdGFP (n?=?16) HF/AngII/AdAPN(n?=?16). 
p<0.05 vs HF/PBS, **p<0.05 vs HF/AngII/AdAPN, BP?=?blood pressure. 
Patient Code Age (years) Diagnosis Conditioning regimen Stem cells source Donor CD 34 dose/Kg Disease status at HSCT Acute GVHD Outcome Cause of death. 
Abbreviations: GVHD, graft versus host disease; P, patient; CLL, chronic lymphoblastic leukaemia; AML, acute myeloid leukaemia; ALL, acute lymphoblastic leukaemia; CP, cyclophosphamide; fTBI, fractionated total body irradiation; ATG, antithymocyte globulin; PBSC, peripheral blood stem cells; BM, bone marrow; Sib, HLA-identical sibling; MUD, matched unrelated donor; DUCB, Double umbilical cord blood; CR, complete remission; PR, partial remission;. 
survival. 
Cluster 1 Cluster 2 Cluster 3 Cluster 4. 
Cluster Pathways Genes. 
Adenovirus Fiber modification Reference  HI loop shaft . 
Study and year Study population No. of cases No. of controls Genetic polymorphisms Main effects of polymorphisms Gene–environment interaction. 
Abbreviations: NAT, N-acetyltransferase; GSTM, glutathione-S-transferase; CYP1A1, cytochrome P450 1A1; OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
Results reported by Li et al, Jiao et al, and Suzuki et al came from the same research group. 
Study and year Study population No. of cases No. of controls Genetic polymorphisms Main effects of polymorphismsa Gene–environment interactiona. 
Abbreviations: MTHFR, methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase; MTR, methionine synthase; MTRR, methionine synthase reductase; OR, odds ratio. 
aValues are odds ratios (95% confidence interval). 
Candidate genes Selected polymorphisms Potential interactions with environmental factors Circulating biomarker. 
Abbreviations: IGF, insulin-like growth factor; TGF-?, transforming growth factor-?; MTNR1B, melatonin receptor 1B; COX-2, cyclooxygenase-2. 
N/A: not applicable. 
Author Downregulated Upregulated Materials and methods Reference. 
MicroRNAs expression in cervical cancer. 
Hallmarks Functions of miRNAs miRNAs. 
miRNAs and the hallmarks of cervical cancer. 
Information obtained from microRNA.org-Targets and Expression . miRNAs in bold were experimentally validated in cervical cancer; underlined miRNAs were experimentally validated in other cancers. 
Gene symbol Parametric P -value FDR a Geometric mean of intensities b  . 
FDR, false discovery rate. 
For each specified probe represents the ratio between the mean intensity of the siCHKA vs control cells. 
Marker P12 days P16 days 12 weeks. 
The proportion of Col1a1-GFP+ pericytes concurrently expressed the markers in normal kidney. 
Notes: Reprinted with permission from Dustri-Verlag. Rojas A, Chang FC, Lin SL, Duffield JS. The role played by perivascular cells in kidney interstitial injury. Clin Nephrol . 2012;77(5):400–408. 8 Copyright © 2012. 
Abbreviations : ?SMA, ?-smooth muscle actin; CD, cluster of differentiation; Col1a1, collagen, type 1, alpha 1; GFP, green fluorescent protein; NG2, neuron-glial antigen 2; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; P, postnatal. 
Experiment TotalIndependentSpectra Peptide Sequence NSP Adjusted Probability TotalInstances AAResidues. 
Mass spectrometry analysis of TAK1 immune complexes prepared from HEK293 cells identifies FGFR3 as a binding partner. The table shows recovered FGFR3 peptides (IPI Protein Index Identifier: IPI00027174,IPI00220253). Amino acid residues refer to the standard FGFR3 protein P22607 (FGFR3_HUMAN) UniProtKB/Swiss-ProtGenBan, 806 aa total length. NSP refers to “number of sibling peptides.”. 
Gene Symbol Gene Name Accession Number p-value Direction. 
A microarray experiment was performed using MGHU3 bladder cancer cells transfected with control or TAK1 siRNA, then treated with or without FGFR inhibitor, PD173074. One way ANOVA with fold change magnitude >2 and a p-value with FDR <0.05 was used to generate gene lists. Lists compared samples transfected with control verses TAK1 siRNA and samples transfected with control versus TAK1 siRNA that were additionally treated with PD173074. Genes common to both comparisons were then removed from the control versus TAK1 siRNA list, and are reflected in the table above. Asterisks indicate further validation done by qPCR in separate experiments using MGHU3 cells or KMS11 MM cells treated as in the original microarray experiment. For TNFAIP3, validation in MM cells was dependent on ligand presence. Expression of GSTA1 in MM cells was not detectable. 
Groups Factors (p-value) Variable C OB CL OBL Condition Medication Interaction. 
Values expressed as mean ± SD; NEFA: non-esterified fatty acid; AUC: area under curve from glucose tolerance test response; HOMA-IR: homeostatic model assessment index; * p<0.05, ** p<0.01 vs. Control (C) group; #p<0.05, ##p<0.01 vs. OB; † p<0.05, †† p<0.01 vs. CL; ANOVA and Tukey test. 
Groups Factors(p-value) Variable C OB CL OBL Condition Medication Interaction. 
Values expressed as mean ± standard deviation; SBP: systolic blood pressure; LA: left atrium diameter; LVEDd: left ventricular end-diastolic diameter; LVESd: left ventricular end-systolic diameter; PWT: posterior wall diastolic thickness of the left ventricle; IVST: interventricular septum diastolic thickness; LV relative thickness: relation between LV posterior wall systolic thickness and LVEDd; EFS: endocardium fraction shortening; PWSV: posterior wall shortening velocity; E/A: ratio between E and A waves evaluated in transmitral flow; DTE: E wave deceleration time; IVRT: LV isovolumetric relaxation time; IVRT/R-R0.5: ratio between IVRT and R-R heart rate interval; * p<0.05, ** p<0.01 vs. Control (C) group; #p<0.05, ##p<0.01 vs. OB; † p<0.05, †† p<0.01 vs. CL; ANOVA and Tukey test. 
Drug Nanocarrier system Finding Reference. 
Main preclinical studies of nanoparticle drug-eluting stents for coronary restenosis. 
Gene Nanocarrier system Finding Reference. 
Experimental studies of nanoparticle gene-eluting stents for coronary restenosis. 
Abbreviations: Anti-MCP 1, antimonocyte chemoattractant protein 1; DOPE, dioleoyl phosphatidylethanolamine; DOTAP, cationic 1-oleoyl-2-[6-[(7-nitro-2-1,3-benzoxadiazol-4- yl)amino] hexanoyl]-3-trimethylammonium propane; DOTMA cationic lipid, N-[1-(2,3- dioleyloxy)propyl]-N,N,N-trimethylammonium chloride; eNOS, endothelial nitric oxide synthase; ENTPD, ectonucleoside triphosphate diphosphohydrolase; GFP, green fluorescent protein; iNOS, inducible nitric oxide synthase; ISR, in-stent restenosis; LPP, liposomes or lipopolyplexes; PABT, polyallylamine bisphosphonate with latent thiol groups; PEI(PDT), polyethyleneimine with pyridyldithio groups; PLA, Poly(L-lactic acid); PLGA, poly(D,L-lactide-co-glycolide; SMC, smooth muscle cells; SPDP, N- succinimidyl 3-(2-pyridyldithio)propionate; VEGF2, vascular endothelial growth factor 2; VEGFC, vascular endothelial growth factor C. 
Mice Phenotypes References. 
List of examples of phenotypes observed in mice deficient in Beclin 1, Bcl-2, Bcl-XL, Mcl-1 and Bcl-w. When homozygous (?/?) knockout mice are embryonically lethal, heterozygous (+/?) or conditional knockout (CKO) mice phenotypes are also listed. 
Associated cancer types Mechanism of interference with autophagy and/or autophagy-regulating pathways. 
Human tumor viruses, their associated cancers, and mechanisms of autophagy modulation. 
The table lists established human tumor viruses, their associated malignancies and the autophagy-related proteins and autophagy-regulating signaling pathways they modulate. Note that in many studies, an effect on autophagy has not been explicitly investigated or conclusively and comprehensively validated [ 101 ]. With regard to the current literature, it is difficult to predict effects of NF-kB activation on autophagy. ERK, JNK and p38 modulate or have been suggested to modulate autophagy via pathways other than NF-kB, and the predictions listed in this table are based on these mechanisms [ 102 , 103 , 104 ]. 
Abbreviation Full Name. 
Full names of abbreviations used in this review. 
Virus Role of Autophagy in Viral Life-cycle References. 
Multiple roles for autophagy in the life-cycles of human tumor viruses. 
Virus Viral Protein Autophagic Protein Effect of Viral Proteins on Autophagy References. 
Viral proteins that affect autophagy. 
Gene Autophagy Process Protein Function/Description Transcript Levels in Early Fil. Growth Deletion (?)/Overexpression (OE) Phenotype. 
Summary of autophagy-related genes with potential contributions to filamentous growth. 
Species DAG PIP PIP2 m/z mol% m/z mol% m/z mol%. 
DAG, PIP and PIP2 molecular species identified in lipid extracts of primary human T cells. Identification of DAG species in neutral extracts was done by NL 35 scanning, quantification was done by MPIS. Identification and quantification of PIP and PIP2 species in acidic extracts was achieved by NL 357 and NL 437 scanning, respectively. m/z values correspond to ammonium adducts (NH4+). Mol% indicates the distribution of lipid species within a given lipid class. Data represent mean values ± SD of three independent analyses. 
QStar® Elite QTrap® 5500. 
Mass spectrometric settings used for lipid analysis. 
DAG-specific MAG-H2O fragments used for MPIS analysis. 
Category Symbol Fold changeearth P value earth Fold changespace P value space. 
P value not significant, >0.05. 
Catagories of genes with altered response  Symbol Fold Change  Symbol Fold Change. 
Characteristics Value Lin28 Expression Low Lin28 Expression High. 
Abbreviations: IICP, increased intracranial pressure; MTD, mean tumor diameter; GBM, glioblastoma multiforme. 
Characteristics Value Lin28 Expression Low Lin28 Expression High. 
Abbreviations: IICP, increased intracranial pressure; MTD, mean tumor diameter. 
Variable GBM  OS PFS  HR 95% CI P HR 95% CI P. 
Abbreviations: IICP, increased intracranial pressure; MTD, mean tumor diameter; NA, not applicable; HR, Hazard ratio; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival. 
Survival * Median Survival (months, 95% CI) HR 95% CI P. 
Abbreviations: IICP, increased intracranial pressure; MTD, mean tumor diameter; NA, not applicable. 
Variables were adopted for their prognostic significance by univariate analysis (P?0.2). 
Groups Untreated Negative siRNA RNAi-E. 
n?=?100/replicate, 3 replicates. 
Superscript letters denote significant differences (P<0.05) within groups. 
Treatment¥ % Nuclei FOXO3a Excluded *. 
n?=?50/replicate, 3 replicates;. 
Significant differences (P<0.05) are denoted by superscript letters. 
All samples Gleason score Seminal vesicle invasion Surgical margins Extra capsular extensions Location Mean (SD)  Mean (SD) P  Mean (SD) P  Mean (SD) P  Mean (SD) P  Mean (SD) P. 
REST immunohistochemistry score in relation to clinical parameters. 
TMAs containing 129 prostatectomy samples were analyzed by IHC and scored on a scale of 0–3, with the latter representing high levels of immune reactivity. The nonparametric Kruskal–Wallis test was used for statistical analysis. 
Descriptive statistics of indicated variables  REST AR Gleason score Seminal vesicle invasion Surgical margins. 
Multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis. 
Target gene RT-PCR primer sequences a (5? to 3?) Product size (bp). 
F and R denote foreword and reverse primers, respectively. 
Name Sequences (5? to 3?) GC% a Position b. 
The GC% column indicates the GC content of each siRNA sequence. 
The numbers in the position column denote where the sequence is located in the mRNA of the target gene (counted from the first nucleotide of the start codon) of human origin. 
Location Grave Age Sex Period. 
Location Grave Age Sex Period. 
Accession Name MW [kDa] Peptides SC [%]. 
(Mascot score>50). 
Characteristics Numbers of samples ( n )  Status n Status n Status n Status n. 
Characteristics of the group of patients and tumor samples . 
R0, residual tumor less than 1?cm; R1, residual tumor between 1 and 5?cm; R2, residual tumor larger than 5?cm. Chemotherapy (CHT) response described as clinical status of the patient after first line treatment: CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; P, progression. Platinum-sensitivity: tumors were classified as highly sensitive when DFS was >732?days, moderately sensitive when 180?>?DFS?>?732 and resistant when DFS <180?days . 
Endometrioid Undifferentiated Serous. 
Pairwise comparisons of different histological types of ovarian cancer ( post hoc comparison, Tukey test) . 
Given in the table are the numbers of probe sets with significantly changed expression (no. of probe sets with p ?<?0.001/no. of probe sets with FDR <10%) . 
Histology Sensitivity Specificity PPV NPV No misclassified/total no. (% misclassified). 
Classification of the tumor samples according to the histological type using linear discriminant analysis . 
PPV, positive predictive value; NPV, negative predictive value . 
Stage Sensitivity Specificity PPV NPV % Properly classified. 
Classification of tumor samples according to FIGO stage (linear discriminant analysis) . 
PPV, positive predictive value; NPV, negative predictive . 
No. Gene Related to (in microarray analysis) Statistical significance in real-time RT-PCR validation ( p -value)    OS DFS CHT-response Platinum-sensitivity BRCA1 mutation. 
Technical validation of microarray results by real-time RT-PCR . 
The third column describes the feature that appeared to be significantly linked with a given gene in microarray analysis. Only statistically significant correlations measured at the validation step are shown. Minus in brackets, i.e., (?) indicates that the given gene was negatively validated in respect to the feature which it was related to in the microarray analysis. OS and DFS were analyzed by the Kaplan–Meier method (log-rank test). CHT-response and platinum-sensitivity were analyzed by Monte Carlo method (Kruskal–Wallis test). Correlations with the germline BRCA1 were calculated using Mann–Whitney U test. Statistically significant correlations are indicated in bold . 
Group Minimal OS First quartile Median OS Third quartile Mean OS Max. OS. 
Characteristics of the two groups of patients according to OS statistics (days) . 
Learning set, ovarian cancer samples used for the microarray analysis; test set, ovarian cancer samples from the independent group of patients, used for external validation . 
Human herpesvirus Associated cancers Direct oncogenic mechanisms. 
Direct oncogenic mechanisms exploited by human herpesviruses. 
  Immune system-related oncogenic mechanism HHV(s) implicated. 
Immune-system related oncogenic mechanisms exploited by HHVs. 
8weeks 16weeks Virus Mice with tumors Avg. tumors/lung Mice with tumors Avg. tumors/lung. 
8weeks 16weeks Virus Mice with tumors Avg. tumors/lung Mice with tumors Avg. tumors/lung. 
Agent Class Target Clinical trials Comments. 
VEGF, vascular epithelial growth factor; VEGFR, vascular epithelial growth factor receptor; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; FGFR1, fibroblast growth factor receptor 1; FDA, Food & Drug Administration; GBM, glioblastoma multiforme. 
Agent Class Target Clinical trials Comments. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; PKC, protein kinase C; PI3K/AKT, phosphatidylinositide 3-kinase/protein kinase B; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin. Other abbreviations as in Table 1 . 
Demographics Control subjects Schizophrenia subjects   DLPFC Hippocampus DLPFC Hippocampus. 
Abbreviations: DLPFC, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; F, female; M, male. 
Data are expressed as mean±s.d. 
s I s II s F Symbol Synonym Entrez Gene name (some shortened to fit) Function (selected from Entrez/UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot/TOCRIS). 
Abbreviations: Cam, calcium/calmodulin; fam, family; GF, growth factor; GPR, G-protein-coupled receptor; mbr, member; PTP, protein tyrosine phosphatase. 
Genes related to section (f). 
From comparison of HFA cases vs all parental controls, Figure 4 . 
Genes related to section (e). 
Atorvastatin Fluvastatin Lovastatin Pravastatin Rosuvastatin Simvastatin. 
P -values were determined using Student's t -test. 
Symbol Description Stage of Screen. 
a Tumor sera or normal sera followed by AF647-labeled anti-mouse IgG antibody were applied to nitrocellulose slides that had been printed with lysate pools, in replicate. The slides were scanned at 632 nm and fluorescent intensities were measured for each feature. The intensity values obtained for each pool probed with tumor sera were compared with those obtained when probed with naïve sera. Calculated p-values were ranked by significance. b“Low tumor” indicates that the intensity of a pool was lower with tumor sera than naïve sera and “high tumor” indicates the opposite. cThe three million component library was made up of 3,000 pools (spots) each containing approximately 1,000 unique transformants. dThe 3,000 component sublibrary was partitioned from one of the pools in the three million component library. In this sublibrary there were 3,000 pools each containing approximately one unique transformant per spot. eThese pools had the greatest fold change in intensity that was higher with tumor sera than naïve sera fThese pools had the greatest intensity with tumor sera than any of the other pools with tumor sera. 
Sequencea Length (bp)b Length to SC (bp)c Forward Orientation?d 5? truncated?e Frame-shift?f No. of PMg Extra Seq (bp)h. 
a The wild type mouse transcript which the cloned sequence aligned with. bThe length of the inserted sequence. 
c The length to the stop codon from the insertion site. dIndicates whether the sequence inserted into the plasmid in the forward orientation relative to the Lac promoter of the bacterial expression plasmid eIndicates whether the sequence in the clone is missing the normal 5? end of the corresponding wild type transcript. fIndicates whether the sequence expressed from the Lac promoter in the bacterial plasmid is frame-shifted relative to the frame of the wild-type transcript. gIndicates the number of point mutations in the sequence. hIndicates how many additional base pairs are present in the sequence which are not present in the wild type transcript sequence. 
Tissue sample n PEDF status Intensity score. 
Pigment epithelium-derived factor expression in normal versus breast tumor tissue samples. 
A total of 209 breast cancer patients were initially treated with tamoxifen and 59 patients developed recurrence disease after a mean follow-up of 93 months. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) staining was performed on tissue microarrays (TMAs) constructed from recurrence breast tumors ( n = 59) and matched primary breast tumors ( n = 59). Normal background breast tissue was also used for comparison. TMAs were also constructed from endocrine-responsive tumor tissues ( n = 150). A semi-automated quantitative image analysis system (ACIS II) was used to quantitate the staining of the TMA slides. For IHC analysis, pigment epithelium-derived factor (PEDF) staining was quantified as an intensity score (scale 0 to 255). a P < 0.00003, number of PEDF-positive recurrence tumors versus PEDF-positive primary tumors. b P < 0.000001, number of PEDF-negative recurrence tumors versus PEDF-negative primary tumors. c P < 0.00008, number of PEDF-positive recurrence tumors versus PEDF-positive endocrine-responsive tumors. d P < 0.000001, number of PEDF-negative recurrence tumors versus PEDF-negative endocrine-responsive tumors. 
  Mutation alone Methylation alone Integrated data. 
Top 10 genes associated with MSI. 
Gene ranking is based on the regression coefficient (see Methods). Genomic assay and associated feature is indicated in parentheses for integrative analysis of the combined genomic data. The symbol ? indicates increased frequency (mutation) or level (methylation) in MSI. The symbol ? indicates decreased frequency (mutation) or level (methylation, gene expression) in MSI. 
Genomics MSE. 
The mean squared errors (MSE) of 10 fold cross validation from Elastic-net of genomics data against clinical stages of CRC. 
Integrative analysis - the combined genomic data – showed the least MSE compared to separate genomics analysis. Therefore, the improvement was observed in integration of genomics data. 
  Gene   Elastic-net Feature Rank. 
Top 25 candidates associated with advanced clinical stage. 
We ranked the genes by selected feature scoring (see Method for scoring scheme). This scoring scheme selects genes that are supported by multiple and/or highly ranked genomic features. Elastic-net feature rank indicates the rank of individual assay features, where ? indicates a direct association with the feature value and ? indicates inverse association with the feature value. COSMIC-annotated cancer genes are marked by *. 
Name Treatment Marker Value Ref. 
STEPact, non-phosphorylated STEP over total STEP; D32p34, DARPP32 phosphorylated in threonine 34; D32p75, DARPP32 phosphorylated in threonine 75; PFC, prefrontal cortex; APA, acute psychostimulant administration; WT, wild type; IB, immunoblot; ERKpp, active ERK; GluR1p, AMPAR subunit GluR1 phosphorylated in the PKA site; t. series, time series; Monoexp, monoexponential. The names of the phenotypic variables are built from the name and marker columns except for parameterized time series or dose responses where it is used the parameter name instead of the marker. 
Treatment Effector Reported Corrected. 
Symbol Definition. 
Symbol Definition Numerical value. 
Note : Because many of the parameters have not been determined experimentally, and since the study focuses on the dynamic implications of the regulatory structure of the epigenetic switch linking inflammation to cell transformation —i.e., its wiring diagram, or topology, which is crucial for the network behavior (see [65] )— the numerical values have been selected so as to yield a non-transformed state without the inflammatory signal, Src; or a transformed state within 36 h–60 h depending on the duration of the transient inflammatory signal (see Fig. 2 as well as experimental observations in Ref. [7] ). The time units for the parameters in the model are expressed in minutes, while the concentrations are expressed in µM. 
The mechanisms of control of miRNA degradation are complex and not fully understood [66] . To keep the model simple, we hypothesize that each complex between a messenger RNA and its regulating miRNA is rapidly targeted for degradation. 
Moreover, the rates of synthesis and degradation of messenger RNAs and proteins considered in the model are in the same order of magnitude as observed experimentally in a global quantification of mammalian gene expression control [67] . 
Finally, to compensate for our lack of knowledge about parameter values, we performed many bifurcation analyses, which bring to light the dynamical behaviors of the model as parameter values vary. In our experience, the dynamical properties of such models depend more on its network structure than on precise values of the parameters. 
Assembly EG01 EO01. 
Percentage of unique sequences that are represented by contigs. 
EG5 Chromosomes Predicted Transcripts  EG01 EO01. 
Estimated % Gene Space Sampled Pool A * Pool B * Pool C * Pool D *. 
Pool A, B, C and D (?44 BAC/pool) are equimolar pools representing ?10 megabases of the oil palm genome. 
Pool A Pool B Pool C Pool D. 
Data Set Predicted Gene Models Significant Hit * No Hit *. 
e-value cutoff: 1e?20. 
Dataset EG01 Contigs EO01 Contigs BAC Contigs. 
Data Set Dinucleotides Trinucleotides Tetranucleotides Total. 
EG01 Contigs EO01 Contigs. 
Transcription Factor EG EO BAC Transcription Factor EG EO BAC. 
Contigs Best Hits with miRNAs in miRBase Match Status Predicted Mature miRNA *. 
Mature miRNAs were predicted using MatureBayes program. 
sIg status Case sIg Phenotype * Ca2+ flux # ERK phosphorylation $   A D G M K L A D G M K L A D G M K L. 
Surface immunoglobulin (sIg) phenotype data is reproduced from Table S1 to allow for ease of comparison when evaluating Ca2+ and ERK phosphorylation data. 
Intensity of Ca2+ flux responses is denoted by +/?; – <5% of cells responded, +10–35% of cells responded, ++35–70% of cells responded,+++>70% of cells responded. Flux patterns are denoted by lower case letters; a-fast transient, b-fast persistent, c-slow biphasic/persistent, d-fast biphasic. 
For ERK phosphorylation signal intensity is indicated by ?/+/++/+++ and type of signal by lower case letters as for Ca2+ flux: a- fast transient, b- fast persistent, c- slow biphasic/persistent, d- fast biphasic. 
% Cells apoptotic  sIg Assay 1 Assay 2 Case Status sIg Phenotype Functional BCR sIg StimulatingAntibody 2 hours 3 hours 2 hours 3 hours. 
Data were analysed in PRISM using Student’s t-test with Welch’s correction. P-values are denoted as: ns>0.05,. 
0.01–0.05,. 
0.01–0.001,. 
0.001–0.0001,. 
<0.0001. 
Spot No. Protein name Protein expression  Normal group Model group AMP-treated group. 
Expression and identification of the selected proteins in three groups. 
p < 0.01,. 
p < 0.05 vs. Normal;. 
p < 0.05,. 
p < 0.01 vs . Model. 
Gene Name Gene Symbol Gene Accession Number Mean Fold Change. 
Significantly up-regulated genes in N119ACXCR4 mutant expressing K-562 cells with respect to wild type CXCR4. (Relative mean fold change of each gene is given in log base 2 and P value is <0.05 with respect to wild type CXCR4). 
Gene Name Gene Symbol Gene Accession Number Mean Fold Change. 
Significantly up-regulated genes in N119SCXCR4 mutant expressing K-562 cells with respect to wild type CXCR4. (Relative mean fold change of each gene is given in log base 2 and P value is <0.05 with respect to wild type CXCR4). 
S.N. Gene Primers (5’ to 3’) Tm (Melting Temp) in °C. 
Primer sequence of genes for RT-PCR. 
Characteristic N SHP-1(+) SHP-1(-) P. 
Demographic and clinical characteristics of NPC patients whose tumors tested positive or negative for SHP-1 prior to radiotherapy based on immunohistochemistry results. 
Patients with Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance score ? 4 were excluded;. 
2005 World Health Organization (WHO) Classification: type 1, keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma; type 2.1, nonkeratinizing carcinoma, differentiated subtype; type 2.2, nonkeratinizing carcinoma, undifferentiated subtype;. 
2002 American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) staging system;. 
RT = radiotherapy; 2D-CRT = 2-dimensional conventional radiotherapy; IMRT = intensity-modulated radiotherapy. 
Simple OR (95% CI) P Multi OR (95% CI) P. 
Multivariate analysis of prognostic factors associated with overall survival of patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma. 
OR = Odds ratio; CI = confidence interval; ECOG = Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group; RT = radiotherapy; 2D-CRT = 2-dimensional conventional radiotherapy; IMRT = intensity-modulated radiotherapy. 
SHP-OR (95% CI) P SHP+OR (95% CI) P. 
Univariate analysis of prognostic factors associated with overall survival of patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma stratified by SHP-1 expression. 
OR = Odds ratio; CI = confidence interval; ECOG = Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group; RT = radiotherapy; 2D-CRT = 2-dimensional conventional radiotherapy; IMRT = intensity-modulated radiotherapy. 
Parameter Solvent 12 µM NS1619 100 µM NS1619. 
The basic values for each of the parameter recorded did not differ significantly between the three groups (Solvent, 12 µM NS1619, 100 µM NS1619). 
Solv. 12 µM 100 µM ? NS1619 Solv. vs.? NS1619 Solvent 12 µM 100 µM ? NS1619 Solv. vs.? NS1619. 
Heart rate, systolic (bp sys), mean (bp mean), diastolic (bp dia) arterial blood pressure were determined before (basis) as well as 30 and 120 minutes after inhalation of two different NS1619 concentrations, respectively solvent. Data obtained after inhalation were subtracted from individual basis values and individual value differences (?) were calculated for each animal and time point. None of the parameters investigated were affected by NS1619 inhalation in a significant manner. According to the character of the study as “a proof of principle”, pooled NS1619 (?NS1619) data was compared with the control group (Solvent?=?Solv.). No NS1619-dependent effect on systemic hemodynamic parameters was discovered. 
Solvent 12 µM 100 µM ? NS1619 Solv. vs.? NS1619 Solvent 12 µM 100 µM ? NS1619 Solv. vs.? NS1619. 
For the investigation of fluid responsive parameters were calculated: relative stroke volume (rSV) characterized by the area under the arterial blood pressure curve, systolic pressure variation (SPV), relative stroke volume variation (rSVV), and pulse pressure variation (PPV). No NS1619-dependent effect on these parameters was discovered. Data obtained after inhalation were subtracted from individual basis values and individual value differences (?) were calculated for each animal and time point. 
Solvent 12 µM 100 µM ? NS1619 Solv. vs.? NS1619 Solvent 12 µM 100 µM ? NS1619 Solv. vs.? NS1619. 
Left ventricular work was estimated as the product of heart rate (HR) and systolic arterial pressure (bp sys). Relative cardiac output was estimated as the product of heart rate and relative stroke volume (integral of the arterial curve). dP/dt max of the arterial pressure curve did not show a NS1619-dependent variation. Data obtained after inhalation were subtracted from individual basis values and individual value differences (?) were calculated for each animal and time point. (Solvent: n?=?10; 12 µM: n?=?7, 100 µM: n?=?7; ?NS1619: n?=?14;*: p<0.05). 
Age Gravidity Numberof births History of previousspontaneous of inducedabortions Number ofabortions History of previousectopic pregnancy History of abdominalor pelvic surgery History ofinfertility IUD user or progestagencontraception Smoking. 
First author, year of publication Pts enrolled Phase Target Regimen Clinical endopoint / ORR Toxicity. 
Preliminary results of clinical trials of targeted agents in cervical cancer. 
ORR: Overall response rate; OS: Overall survival; TTP: Time to progression; PFS: Progression free survival; iv: intravenously; R: randomized; GI: gastrointestinal. 
Study Estimated Enrollment Phase Regimen Target Primary endopoint. 
Ongoing clinical trials of targeted agents in cervical cancer. 
Overexpressed miRNAs Chromosome Underexpressed miRNAs Chromosome. 
Expression of microRNAs in cervical cancer cell [ 1 , 4 , 38 ]. 
Syndecan member Origin Origin of shed syndecans Origin of tumor microenvironment derived shed syndecans Shedding enzymes. 
Overview of syndecans expression involving their origin, state, and processing enzymes . 
Syndecan targeting therapies Name Biological effect. 
Overview of syndecans (SDCs)-based therapeutic targeting . 
Pathway name Gene counts P value. 
Top 10 categorized pathways based on comparison of gene expression between normal and virus control groups. 
Symbol GenBank accession Gene description log2 FCa M/N SH/M SM/M SL/M Oseltamivir/M. 
Genes associated with Toll-like receptor signaling pathway. 
aFold change. The intensity ratio of probe signal criteria for differential expressions was defined as a twofold change (up or down) (log2 FC ? 1 or ??1) in gene expression compared with virus control group and a P value less than 0.05 in at least one time point as a minimum requirement to select. For instance, log2 (M/N) ? 1 means that the comparison between normal control group and virus control group was scattered, indicating that a large number of genes in virus control group were up-regulated in response to H1N1 infection. log2 (SH/M) ??1, log2 (SM/M) ??1, log2 (SL/M) ??1, and log2 (Oseltamivir/M) ??1 means that down-regulation in gene expression attributable to the high-dose SFXF group treatment, medium-dose group SFXF treatment, low-dose SFXF group treatment, and Oseltamivir group treatment was done by comparing genes in virus control group, respectively ( P value data not shown). 
Symbol GenBank accession Gene description log2 FCa M/N SH/M SM/M SL/M Oseltamivir/M. 
Genes associated with antigen processing presentation. 
aFold change. The intensity ratio of probe signal criteria for differential expressions was defined as a twofold change (up or down) (log2 FC ? 1 or ??1) in gene expression compared with virus control group and a P value less than 0.05 in at least one time point as a minimum requirement to select. For instance, log2 (M/N) ? 1 means that the comparison between normal control group and virus control group was scattered, indicating that a large number of genes in virus control group were up-regulated in response to H1N1 infection. log2 (SH/M) ??1, log2 (SM/M) ? ?1, log2 (SL/M) ? ?1, and log2 (Oseltamivir/M) ? ?1 means that down-regulation in gene expression attributable to the high-dose SFXF group treatment, medium-dose group SFXF treatment, low-dose SFXF group treatment, and Oseltamivir group treatment was done by comparing genes in virus control group, respectively ( P value data not shown). 
Symbol GenBank accession Gene description log2 FCa M/N SH/M SM/M SL/M Oseltamivir/M. 
Genes associated with T-cell receptor signaling pathway. 
aFold change. The intensity ratio of probe signal criteria for differential expressions was defined as a twofold change (up or down) (log2 FC ? 1 or ??1) in gene expression compared with virus control group and a P value less than 0.05 in at least one time point as a minimum requirement to select. For instance, log2 (M/N) ? 1 means that the comparison between normal control group and virus control group was scattered, indicating that a large number of genes in virus control group were up-regulated in response to H1N1 infection. log2 (SH/M) ? ?1, log2 (SM/M) ? ?1, log2 (SL/M) ? ?1, and log2 (Oseltamivir/M) ? ?1 means that down-regulation in gene expression attributable to the high-dose SFXF group treatment, medium-dose group SFXF treatment, low-dose SFXF group treatment and Oseltamivir group treatment was done by comparing genes in virus control group, respectively ( P value data not shown). 
symbol GenBank accession Gene description log2 FCa M/N SH/M SM/M SL/M Oseltamivir/M. 
Genes associated with effector T cells activation and cytokines involved in T-cell-mediated immunity. 
aThe intensity ratio of probe signal criteria for differential expressions was defined as a twofold change (up or down) (log2 ratio ? 1 or ??1) in gene expression compared with virus control group and a P value less than 0.05 in at least one time point as a minimum requirement to select. For instance, log2 (M/N) ? 1 means that the comparison between normal control group and virus control group was scattered, indicating that a large number of genes in virus control group were up-regulated in response to H1N1 infection. log2 (SH/M) ? ?1, log2 (SM/M) ? ?1, log2 (SL/M) ? ?1, and log2 (Oseltamivir/M) ? ?1 means that down-regulation in gene expression attributable to the high-dose SFXF group treatment, medium-dose SFXF group treatment, low-dose SFXF group treatment, and Oseltamivir group treatment was done by comparing genes in virus control group, respectively ( P value data not shown). 
Drug Target kinase Clinical trial phase N PR SD PFS References. 
PI3k/Akt/mTOR inhibitors in preclinical and clinical studies. 
?* N : number of patients; PFS: progression free survival; PR: partial response; SD: stable disease. 
Ongoing trials Target kinase Clinical trial phase N PFS ClinicalTrials.gov identifier. 
PI3K/Akt/mTOR inhibitors in ongoing trials. 
?* N : number of patients; PFS: progression free survival. 
Primer name Primer sequence (5??3?) Annealing temperature (°C) Usage. 
Diagnosis No. of patients (%). 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; ECOG PS, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Score; IPSS, International Prognostic Scoring System; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; MRC, myelodysplasia-related changes based on the presence of either (1) previously documented MDS or MDS/myeloproliferative neoplasm (MPN), (2) specific myelodysplasia-related cytogenetic abnormalities, or (3) dysplasia in 50% or more of the cells in 2 or more myeloid lineages; NOS, not otherwise specified; WBC, white blood cell count; WHO, World Health Organisation. 
Adverse event All grades Panobinostat 10?mg ( n =4) Panobinostat 20?mg ( n =7) Panobinostat 30?mg ( n =23) Panobinostat 40?mg ( n =5). 
Abbreviations: AE, adverse event; CTCAE, Common terminology criteria for adverse events version 3; DLT, dose-limiting toxicity. 
DLT (deemed related to study drug):. 
includes fatigue related to hyponatremia and somnolence,. 
includes 2 x fungal lung infection (Aspergillus) Grade 5. 
  Panobinostat dose Overall   10?mg 20?mg 30?mg 40?mg  . 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; CR, complete remission; CRi, complete remission with incomplete blood count recovery; HI, hematological improvement; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; PR, partial remission. 
Gene Mutation Responders (CR/PR) (%). 
Pathways Mechanisms of action. 
New therapeutics targets for IOP lowering and possible mechanisms of action. 
Component Nodes Edges Density Min degree Max degree Avg degree. 
Statistics of six components in the ND PPI network. 
Rank Uniprot ID D Uniprot ID C Uniprot ID B Uniprot ID TI3. 
The top 20 proteins ranked by four network indices. 
The “gene symbol” column shows the corresponding genes of top 20 proteins (in UniprotID) ranked by degree values. 
Disease Uniprot ID Gene symbol Gene name. 
Common proteins between NDs. 
microRNA In vitro (cell type) In vivo (animal mode) Target References. 
Summary of microRNAs in diabetic kidney disease (upregulation). 
PTE: proximal tubule epithelial cells; TEC: tubular epithelial cells; MC: mesangial cells; STZ: streptozotocin; DN: diabetic nephropathy. 
microRNA In vitro (cell type) In vivo (animal mode) Target References. 
Summary of microRNAs in diabetic kidney disease (downregulation). 
PTE: proximal tubule epithelial cells; TEC: tubular epithelial cells; MC: mesangial cells; STZ: streptozotocin; DN: diabetic nephropathy. 
Type of cancer Tumour biomarkers Type of test Additional biomarkers Type of test. 
Selection of commonly used blood molecular and protein biomarkers for the management (diagnosis, monitoring recurrence/detecting metastatic spread, and selection of suitable treatment/monitoring treatment response) of cancers in clinical practice. 
*FISH using labeled DNA probes to the pericentromeric region of chromosome 17 and to the HER2 locus is superior to Southern, Northern, and Western blots and immunohistochemical analyses. Usually performed on tissue, however, blood tests can be ordered. (Note: individual laboratories may use different or other biomarkers and tests.). 
Cancer CCN proteins Expression level Experimental observation References. 
CCN proteins in primary bone cancers. 
Cancer CCN proteins Expression level Expreimental observation References. 
CCN proteins in metastatic bone cancers. 
Protein source Preparation Active component Cell/organism tested in Observed effects Reference. 
Food-derived anti-inflammatory peptides/hydrolysates in cell-based and in vivo systems. 
Protein source Preparation Active component Cell/organism tested in Observed effects Reference. 
Food-derived antioxidant peptides/hydrolysates in cell-based and in vivo systems. 
Gene Name Forward Primer Sequence (5?-3?) [FP] Reverse Primer Sequence (5?-3?) [RP]. 
Sample name Library fragment length Loading (%) Enrichment (%) Polyclonality (%) Test fragments (%) Low quality (%) Final library (reads) Usable reads (%) Sequence (mb) Mean read length Avg. read quality %N % GC. 
Sample name Total number of alignments to controls Forward strand matches Reverse strand matches Percent of controls present (>?=?1) Pearson correlation Alignments to actual concentration (R2) Correlation with sequence length Correlation with %GC. 
Sample name Total reads Aligned % Unique % Coverage % Avg. coverage depth Avg. length Avg. quality Avg. mapping quality % GC. 
Sample name Total reads Aligned (%) Unique (%) Coverage (%) Avg. coverage depth Avg. length Avg. quality Avg. mapping quality % GC. 
Host defense and survival Signal transduction Metabolism. 
Differential Rab7 Expression Levels Reported in the ONCOMINE Database (Prostate Cancer) Type of Analysis Fold Change P value Reference Sample Notes. 
The ONCOMINE database was searched for differential expression of Rab7A mRNA in prostate cancer. 
  Simple regression Multiple regression   G-CSF IL-6 GRO ? /CXCL-1 MCP1/CCL-2 G-CSF IL-6 GRO ? /CXCL-1 MCP1/CCL-2   Beta (95%CI) P Beta (95%CI) P Beta (95%CI) P Beta (95%CI) P Beta (95%CI) P Beta (95%CI) P Beta (95%CI) P Beta (95%CI) P. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; CXCL-1=chemokine C-X-C motif ligand 1; G-CSF=granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; GRO- ? =growth-regulator oncogene ? IL-6=interleukin-6; MCP-1=monocyte chemotatic protein 1. 
GPCR name a UniProt accession b Reported compounds c Reported bioactivities d Cited references e Abused drug/medication. 
List of drug-abuse related GPCRs in the DA-KB database . 
US Schedule controlled substances. 
UniProt Accession is from UniProt database( http://www.uniprot.org/ ). 
Number of Reported Compounds. 
Number of Reported Bioactivities. 
dNumber of Cited References. 
Represented Abused Drug/Medication. 
PMA, 4-methoxyamphetamine or para-Methoxyamphetamine; DOET, 2,5-Dimethoxy-4-ethylamphetamine; MPEP, 2-Methyl-6-(phenylethynyl)pyridine. 
Animal Model/ Targeted Gene-protein Brain Region/s Studied iGluR Alterations Functional Alterations Behavioral Characteristics Drug Treatment and Effects References. 
Ionotropic Glutamate Receptor Alterations in Animal Models of ASD and FXS. 
The table summarizes studies of animal models of ASD and FXS that are discussed in the text involving changes in iGluRs, and presents the associated molecular/neuroanatomical, functional and behavioral alterations. The numbers in the “References” column refer to the citation numbers in the text. ? - no change; ? - decrease; ?- increase. For ease of comparison of the results between the studies, each study is presented separately in a row, even if the same animal model is used (e.g., the Fmr1 KO mouse). It is evident that in one animal model changes may affect more than one iGluR subtype such as AMPA and NMDA receptors. If a treatment approach (pharmacological drug or genetic approach) is used in the study to correct the iGluR levels, functional and/or behavioral changes, it is indicated in the table. In the Fmr 1 KO mouse, administration of mGlu5 receptor antagonists such as MPEP, MTEP, fenobam and CTEP in animal models has shown therapeutic promise in reversing biochemical, neuroanatomical, synaptic plasticity and behavioral aberrations associated with FXS, but these studies are not indicated here because the focus of the review is on iGluRs. 
Drug Response rate (%) Authors (Refs.). 
Response rates of molecular-targeted drugs. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; CBR, clinically beneficial response. 
  C57BL6J-Vehicle KKAy-Vehicle   KKAy-Candesartan   KKAy-Azilsartan  . 
General characteristics. 
Values are mean ± SEM. **p<0.01 vs KKAy-Vehicle. † p<0.05 and †† p<0.01 vs C57BL6J-Vehicle. 
Gene 5? primer 3? primer. 
Primers used on RT-PCR analysis. 
No. Observed m/z [M+Na]+ Theoretical m/z [M+Na]+ Ratio (SKOV3-ip/SKOV3) CV (%) (n?=?9) Change a Composition Type. 
Ratio (SKOV3-ip/SKOV3) <0.83 or >1.20 is distinguishable as a criterion to estimate the down- or up-regulation of the glycan levels. HexNAc, N-acetylhexosamine; Hex, hexose (mannose or galactose ); Fuc, fucose. 
Agent Study Outcomes References. 
Thus far, the focus of enhancing immune function in sepsis has been limited to trials for GM-CSF or G-CSF, a stimulator of the innate immune system, and IFN-?, a stimulator of the adaptive immune system. Abbreviations: RCT, randomized controlled trial; GM-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; G-CSF, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; rIFN-?, recombinant interferon gamma; PD-1, programmed death receptor-1; WBC, white blood cell count; NCT, ClinicalTrials.gov identifier. 
Identifier Title Study type Sponsor. 
A search on ClinicalTrials.gov was performed using the search terms “Sepsis and Immune” (48 studies) or “Sepsis and Biomarkers” (74 studies) filtered by “open studies”. This represents a list of the current open and enrolling clinical trials for sepsis in regards to the immune system. Interestingly, most clinical trials in sepsis have been initiated within the past 10 years as indicated by the start date of the clinical trial in parenthesis following the trial title. 
Phenotype Pten?/? Pten?/?Dicer+/? Pten?/?Dicer?/? Age Disease stages N Ear tag # N Ear tag # N Ear tag #. 
Summary of disease progression in analyzed experimental mice. 
Molecule Properties Cells Virus References. 
Properties and expression of the different flavivirus receptors proposed to date. TIM: T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain; TAM: TYRO3, AXL and MER; DENV: dengue virus; JEV: Japanese encephalitis virus; MEV: Murray encephalitis virus; TBEV: tick-borne encephalitis virus; YFV: yellow fever virus; WNV: West Nile virus. 
# of patients enrolled * Response rate (confirmed CR and PR) Stable disease Progression-free survival. 
Comparison of endpoints among dabrafenib clinical trials. 
Note:. 
At the recommended Phase II dose. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response: PR, partial response. 
NCT# Trial Status. 
Active and recruiting clinical trials involving dabrafenib use in patients with melanoma. 
Note: Trial information obtained from http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ . 58. 
Abbreviation: NCT#, National Clinical Trial number. 
Functional group Abbreviation Amino acids. 
Binding Surface S2 —14.00 Å— S1. 
A sequence pattern of “X—Z” [X?=?R and Z?=?(S/T, Q/N, H, W, D/E) ] was obtained. 
Binding Site B1 B2 —10.50 Å— B3. 
A sequence pattern of “XZ—J”(X?=?R or K, and Z?=?R, Q or N, H, S or T, and J?=?D or E) was obtained. 
Node MicroRNAs used at node Defined cancer types at node. 
Each node uses 1 to 5 miRNAs for classification. Nodes giving no defined cancer types make broader distinctions. For example, Node #3 distinguishes epithelial tissues from mixed origin. Table is adapted from Rosenfeld et al. 2008. 
Cancer type miRNA involvement Targets Regulators Reference. 
Summary of microRNAs involvement in myeloid leukemia. 
? represents the increase of miRNA or target gene in this type of cancer; ? represents the decline of miRNA or target gene in this type of cancer. See details in text. 
Lung cancer predisposing factor Methylated gene Reference. 
Gene methylation targets of lung cancer predisposing factors. 
Reticulon Localization Common functions Specific functions Neurodegenerative diseases. 
Role of RTNs in human pathophysiology. 
Subclasses of MMPs Name. 
Classification of matrix metalloproteinases (adapted from [ 28 , 37 ]). 
Type of NIS Promoter regions Primer sequence (5?–3?) Amplicon size (bp) and nucleotide number. 
qPCR primers of NIS promoters for ChIP studies. 
NIS, sodium iodide symporter; F, forward; R, reverse. Nucleotide number is defined by having the first nucleotide of the translation initiation codon as +1 ( Puppin et al . 2012 , Woo & Li 2012 . 
Cell lines Origin p53 RAS Additional features a Panobinostat IC 50 ( ? M) 96?h±S.D. ZOL IC 50 ( ? M) 96?h±S.D. 
For LNCaP, PC3, DU145, and RPMI8226, information has been derived from www.sanger.ac.uk For KMS12BM and KMS21BM, information has been derived from Kaizu et al 23. 
No. DNA Gender/Age Stage/Grade Recurrence (time after diagnosis in months) No. DNA Gender/ Age Stage/ Grade Recurrence. 
Clinical data of the bladder cancer group (the dark blue color designates the cases in which A148T polymorphism of CDKN2A gene was found). 
D - death, Dacc - death in accident, Dint - death of intrinsic cause. 
Tumor stage Tumor grade  Primary tumors Recurrent tumors  Primary tumors Recurrent tumors. 
Division of studied material with regards to tumor staging and grading. 
CDKN2A Debniak et.al (n=1210) controls This study (n=156) G test (table 2×2). 
Frequencies of CDKN2A variants in controls and in the bladder cancer group. 
N (%) A148T (+) N (%). 
Prevalence of A148T variant of CDKN2a gene vs. clinical data. 
Geographic origin Study population Genotype Frequency of A148T gene CDKN2A polymorphism Reference. 
Genotypes and allele frequencies of the A148T allele in different populations. 
Tyrosine kinase inhibitor (INN) Branded name Market Authorization Holder (MAH) Target tyrosine kinases Indication(s) European birth date CMA Orphan designation. 
General information on anti-cancer TKI. 
ALL, acute lymphatic leukemia; CML, chronic myeloid leukemia ; CMA, Conditional Marketing Authorization (none of the above mentioned is currently authorized under exceptional circumstances, according to European Medicines Agency (EMA) website accessed in Sept 2013 [ 15 ]); GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; MA, Marketing Authorization; MAH, Marketing Authorization Holder; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; pNET, pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors; STS, soft tissue sarcoma; 1Nilotinib is similar to Imatinib according to the orphan regulation; 2US-Food and Drug Administration (FDA) asked the manufacturer of Ponatinib to suspend marketing due to the risk of life-threatening blood clots and severe narrowing of blood vessels; source of information: European Public Assessment Reports (EPARs) of the above mentioned TKI [ 15 ]. 
Small molecule TKI CNS Nerve disorders Eye disorders Heart disorders Lung airways disorders Thyroid disorders Liver, Bile disorders. 
Safety profiles of TKI. 
XX?=?common, very common; X?=?rare, uncommon; CMR, carcinogenic, mutagenic and toxic for reproductive system; CNS, central nervous system; source of information: Summaries of Product Characteristics (SmPCs) of marketed TKI [ 16 ]. 
TKI t max (h) Bioavailability (oral, %) Concomitant food intake effect on bioavailability Concomitant food intake: FDA recommendation V (L/kg) 70-kg subject assumed Primary enzymes involved in metabolism Major metabolites Plasma half-life (h) Plasma protein binding (%) Suggested threshold for response or concentration attained in therapy (mg/L). 
Clinical pharmakokinetic profiles of TKI marketed in the EU. 
AUC, area under the curve; b.i.d., twice daily; DLT, dose limiting toxicity; MTD, maximum tolerated dose; q.d., every day; tmax, time after administration when Cmax is reached; Source of information: Summaries of Product Characteristics (SmPCs) of marketed TKI [ 16 ] unless otherwise indicated. 
Research question Cell line Cenp-F localization at the kinetochore Reduced Not reduced. 
Summary of findings. 
Gene symbol Forward primer Reverse primer Ref. seq. number. 
Primers used in quantitative PCR analysis. 
Diagnosis MMP7 staining extent. 
Immunohistochemistry results. 
Step Procedure. 
Sequence in the reconstruction and analysis of the network. 
TF gene N nodes in Q N nodes in R N nodes overlapping N articles found Hub degree PS. 
Highest ranking TFs. 
TF: transcription factor; Q: quiescence; R: rejection. 
Factors Mutations patients Positive(%) Wild type patients Positive(%) p -Value. 
N+: lymph node metastasis positive; AD: adenocarcinoma; SCC: squamous cell carcinoma;. 
Chemotherapeutic analysis based on 34 PIK3CA mutant patients and 108 PIK3CA wildtype patients. 
PIK3CA Other Age Sex Tobacco use pN pStage Pathology Differentiation PIK3CA amplifivation. 
F:female; M:male; N:never smoker; C/F:current or former smoker; AD:adenocarcinoma; SCC:squamous cell carcinoma; Amp:amplification. 
Expression PIK3CA mutation  P  Positive(%) Negative(%) . 
  Function Related neurological diseases Ref. 
  Interacting proteins Domains of Docks for interaction Regulatory roles Function Ref. 
* As Rac and/or Cdc42 are known to bind to the DHR2 domain of all Docks, these 2 GTPases are not summarized in this table. 
# It has been unknown for the interacting proteins of Dock9–11. 
Abbreviations: ANKN28, ankyrin repeat domain 28; APC, adenomatous polyposis coli; Crk, CT10 regulator of kinase; CrkL, Crk-like; DCC, deleted in colorectal cancer; ELMO, engulfment and cell motility; GRASP, Golgi reassembly and stacking protein; GSK-3?, glycogen synthase kinase-3?; NR2B or NR2D, N-methyl- d -aspartic acid (NMDA) receptor 2B or 2D subunit; PP2A, protein phosphatase 2A; SNX5, sorting nexin 5; TACC3, transforming acidic coiled-coil-containing protein 3; TSC, tuberous sclerosis complex; WASP, Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein; WAVE, WASP family verprolin-homologous. 
Interaction classes Interaction types. 
The three classes of interactions and corresponding interaction types. 
Biclique HIV protein Human protein GO term (bp) GO term (cc) GO term (mf) KEGG pathway. 
The significant GO-terms, GO-id and KEGG pathways found in the bicliques extracted from   HV _ positive matrix, considering interaction types and direction of the interactions. 
Biclique HIV protein Human protein GO term (bp) GO term (cc) GO term (mf) KEGG pathway. 
The significant GO-terms GO-id and KEGG pathways found in the bicliques extracted from   HV _ negative matrix, considering interaction types and direction of the interactions. 
Sl no. Association rules Confidence. 
Predicted rules generated from the biclusters (treating viral proteins as rows and human proteins as columns) found in HV_ positive matrix. 
Sl no. Association rules Confidence (%). 
Predicted rules generated from the biclusters (treating human proteins as rows and viral proteins as columns) found in HV_negative matrix. 
Sl. No. HIV-1 Protein Human protein Interaction types Pubmed Id. 
Predicted interactions found from biclusters constructed using rows as viral proteins and columns as human proteins (Sl. No. 1 to 26) and rows as human proteins and columns as viral proteins (Sl. No. 27 to 36). 
Direction of the regulations are taken from viral to human proteins. 
Sl. No. HIV-protein Human protein Interaction types Pubmed id. 
Predicted interactions found from biclusters constructed using rows as human proteins and columns as viral proteins (Sl. No. 1 to 10) and rows as viral proteins and columns as human proteins(Sl. No. 11 to 24). 
Here the direction of the interactions are taken from human to viral proteins. 
PI3K subunit (gene symbol) Neuronal signaling pathway Physiological function in the brain Neurological disease Transgenic mouse models Antagonists. 
This table summarizes the current knowledge about neuron-specific signaling and function of class I PI3K catalytic subunits and lists available tools for their future study (transgenic mouse models and drugs). 
Label Descriptive title Description. 
Set 1 Set 2 p-value of Wilcoxon Rank Sum test (double sided hypothesis). 
Gene set collection # unique gene sets # unique genes. 
Characteristics Methylation-profiling subjects Validation subjects Non-patients (n?=?10) Patients (n?=?21) Patients (n?=?10). 
Clinicopathologic characteristics of colorectal cancer patients. 
Index a b c. 
Locus Position Gene Inheritance Function Implications. 
PD-linked Genes. 
Genotypes. 
Genotyping of dab2 constitutive mutant embryos recovered at E9.5. 
Note: E9.5 embryos from matings between two lines (#270 and #239) of Dab2 mutant mice of dab2 (+/df) parents were genotyped by PCR. In total, embryos harvested from12 pregnant females were analyzed. The number of reabsorbed embryos was noted by visual examination of the uteri. 
Gene Log2 fold change Function. 
miR-29 experimentally-determined targets. 
Genes listed were significantly repressed by miR-29 transfection according to a one-sided t -test at 5% FDR, had log2 fold changes of <-1.0, and are evolutionarily conserved miR-29 targets as annotated by TargetScan. 
Mutants Domain Mutation Effect Phenotype Ref. 
EPHA2 mutations in cataractogenesis. 
Examples of the effect of TCHM on the activation of Nrf2. 
The proximate composition of mulberry fruits. 
Composition of Mulberry water extracts. 
HPLC chromatograms assay. 
Studies showing neuroprotective of mulberry extracts. 
Regulators of cell cycle Cycle phase or activity Tumors. 
Alterations of regulators of cell cycle, cyclins, cyclin-dependent kinases, and cyclins-dependent kinases inhibitors, prevalent in human cancers. 
Agent Target. 
Cell cycle modulators and their molecular target optimal therapeutic inhibitors. 
Symbol Access no. Fold change Description 24?h 48?h 72?h 400?µM 600?µM 800?µM 400?µM 600?µM 800?µM 400?µM 600?µM 800?µM. 
Functional grouping of genes up- and downregulated after ibuprofen treatment. 
No. Age Sex Habit Site Clinical diagnosis Histological grade. 
The clinical and histological details of patients included in the study. 
Cells Dysplasia MMP-2 score Total Chi-square P value* TIMP-2 score Total Chi-square P value* ? + ++ ? + ++. 
Expression of MMP-2 and TIMP-2 in cells of basal and parabasal layers and fibroblasts in all the grades of dysplasia. 
MMP-2: matrix metalloproteinase-2; TIMP-2: tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-2. 
*Kruskal-Wallis test. 
Cells Markers Dysplasia Cases Mean rank Chi-square P value*. 
The mean rank of MMP-2 and TIMP-2 in different grades of dysplasia. 
MMP-2: matrix metalloproteinase-2; TIMP-2: tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-2. 
*Kruskal-Wallis test. 
Patient ID Gender Age Treatment duration (months) Objective response Time to progression (months) Followup (months) Status. 
Patients treated with BRAF and NRAS inhibitors. 
Side effects Frequency (%). 
Patients treated with BRAF inhibitors: frequencies of side effects. 
Animal Inducing agent(s) Route Mediators, symptoms, pathology. 
i.d., intradermal; i.g., intragastric; i.p., intraperitoneal; i.r., intrarectal; i.v., intravenous. 
Animal Inducing agent(s) Route Mediators, symptoms, pathology. 
i.n., intranasal; i.p., intraperitoneal; i.v., intravenous. 
Pharmacologic agent Target Biological effects against SEB. 
Antibody Species Specificity Binding affinity and use. 
Animal Immunogen/adjuvant Route Results. 
i.m., intramuscular; i.n., intranasal; i.p., intraperitoneal; i.t., intratracheal; i.v.. intravenous; s.c., subcutaneous. 
?-type subunits ?-type subunits C. elegans H. sapiens C. elegans H. sapiens. 
The orthologues of the human 20S proteasome subunits in C. elegans . 
The orthologues of the human 19S proteasome subunits in C. elegans . The ATPases are shown in green background. 
Gene orthologous grouping Phenotype following RNAi treatment or in mutant strains References C. elegans H. sapiens  . 
Ubiquitin-conjugating enzymes (E2), UBCs, their orthologues in humans and the observed phenotype in C. elegans upon RNAi treatment or in mutants. 
Gene name Phenotype upon RNAi treatment References. 
HECT-domain ubiquitin ligases in C. elegans . 
Deubiquitinating enzymes (DUBs) Gene category OTU JAMM USP UCH MJD ?? Catalytic core Cys–His–Asp His–Asp–Zn 2+ Cys–His boxes Cys–His boxes Cys–Gln–His–Asp. 
DUBs genes and their catalytic cores in C. elegans . 
Sequences of siRNA used in p104 knockdown. 
MiRNA 3?UTR targeted genes Reference. 
MiRNAs involved in DNA damage/repair and 3?-UTR targeted genes. 
Clinical features Outdoor (38) n (%) Indoor (30) n (%) P-value. 
Clinical characteristics of melanoma patients. 
Including nose and scalp. NS, not significant. 
Tumor site B-RAF V600E mutation Outdoor n (%) Indoor n (%) P-value a. 
Distribution of B-RAF V600E mutation according to tumor sites in the groups of outdoor and indoor workers. 
Fisher’s exact test, Two-tailed. 
B-RAF V600E mutation Chronic exposure to sun n (%) Intermittent exposure to sun n (%) P-value b. 
Distribution of B-RAF V600E mutation according to chronic exposure to sun and intermittent exposure to sun. a. 
Cosmic Catalogue of Mutations in Cancer analysis;. 
Fisher’s exact test, Two-tailed. 
Gene symbol siRNA sense sequence siRNA antisense sequence. 
Sequences of synthesized siRNA for 50 candidate genes. 
Gene symbol p-value. 
Top 5 candidate genes for synthetic lethal interaction with R175H on t-test. 
Samples analyzed Molecule/pathway Alteration pattern Functional outcome Refs. 
Molecular alterations in NSCLC. 
Summary of highlighted Phase III trials of EGFR inhibitors in advanced NSCLC. 
Highlighted ongoing Phase I, II and III studies in NSCLC for novel ErbB inhibitors. 
Highlighted ongoing clinical studies of select novel targeted therapies in advanced NSCLC. 
Ingredients HFD (g/kg diet) OLD (g/kg diet) SD (g/kg diet). 
Composition of the experimental diets. 
1AIN-76A mineral mix. 
2AIN-76A vitamin mix. 
3Antioxidant agent: 0.01?g/50?g lipids. 
Gene description Primers Sequences (5??3?) T m (°C) Size (bp). 
Primer sequences and RT-PCR conditions. 
Function Function annotation p-value Molecules # Molecules. 
Top 10 functions and diseases annotation given by IPA, based on the number of proteins related to the network in Figure 4. 
miRNA Expression change associated with resistance Target genes References. 
miRNA associated with drug resistance in breast cancer. 
Notes: A number of miRNAs have shown altered expression levels in drug-resistant forms of breast cancer in both cells and patients. The table contains those reported since 2011 (for prior studies we refer the reader to Kutanzi et al 56 ) together with their delineated target genes. 
Abbreviations: BCRP, breast cancer resistance protein; miRNA, micro-RNAs; PDCD4, programmed cell death 4; P-gp, P-glycoprotein; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog. 
Gene Protein Hypermethylated/hypomethylated References. 
Genes with altered methylation status in drug-resistant breast cancer. 
Note: Hypomethylation results in gene overexpression as DNA methylation reduces gene transcription; consequently, hypermethylation effectively leads to gene silencing. 
Abbreviations: ER, estrogen receptor; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog. 
Drug Target Breast cancer selection criteria Combination therapies Phase Trial identifiers. 
Inhibitors of the PI3K/Akt pathway currently undergoing clinical trials. 
Notes: The alterations to the PI3K/Akt pathway are common factors in the different subtypes of breast cancer and also have important roles in mediating drug resistance (see text for details). Subsequently, this pathway is a promising therapeutic target to overcome drug resistance with a variety of compounds in clinical trials. Data obtained from the ClinalTrials.gov database. 
Abbreviations: AI, aromatase inhibitor; ER, estrogen receptor; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1. 
Traits 2 Phenotype dEBV Reliability of dEBV Weight factors for dEBV. 
Statistical description for residual feed intake and its component traits of genotyped animals used in the study 1. 
1: The mean residual feed intake was calculated from only genotyped animals. The mean of RFI in the whole population was zero. The negative mean values from current data set implied that these animals have better feed efficiency. The values are shown as mean?±?SD. 
2: DFI: Daily feed intake, ADG: Average daily gain, BF: Backfat, RFI1: Residual feed intake 1, RFI2: Residual feed intake 2, dEBV: Deregressed EBV. 
SNP SSC 1 Position p-value MAF 2 Var.Exp 3 Nearest gene Gene name. 
The significant SNPs associated with residual feed intake 1 (RFI1). 
1: Pig Chromosome ; 2: Minor Allele Frequency ; 3: Additive variance explained by SNP. 
SNP SSC 1 Position p-value MAF 2 Var.exp 3 Nearest gene Gene name. 
Significant SNPs associated with residual feed intake 2 (RFI2). 
1: Pig Chromosome ; 2: Minor Allele Frequency ; 3: Additive variance explained by SNP. 
Traits 1 SNP 2 SSC 3 Pos MAF p-value Nearest gene Gene name. 
The significant SNPs associated with component traits of residual feed intake. 
1: DFI: Daily feed intake, ADG: Average daily gain, BF: Backfat 2: Pig Chromosome ; 3: Minor Allele Frequency. 
*: The tighest associated SNP for ADG have not pass GW significant thresold (1.52?×?10-6). 
Go sub-ontology GO term accession GO term description Involved genes David p-value. 
The results of Gene Ontology (GO) analysis including genes in 0.5 Mb flanking size to SNPs with p?<?5.0?×?10 -5. 
Term Pathway name Number of involved genes Involved genes David p-value. 
Results of functional annotation on KEGG pathway including genes 0.5 Mb flanking size to SNPs with p?<?5.0?×?10 -5. 
Potential function of milk microRNA Comment References. 
Translational evidence for milk-microRNA-mediated thymic Treg maturation. 
Feature type 90A cohort 91A cohort 181A cohort. 
(a) 90A cohort. 
Feature type 90A cohort 91A cohort 181A cohort. 
(b) 181A cohort. 
Feature no. Gene symbol Regulated by MYB Regulated by MYBL1 & L2 Biological function(s) and/or cancer-related activities. 
Functional annotation and transcriptional regulation patterns of the prognostic relevant signature. 
Up-regulation Gene Fold change. 
qRT-PCR array of inflammatory factors/receptors after EGF stimulation. Inflammatory factors & receptors with fold change >2 are shown. 
Bold remarked factors are the target factors. 
Property Residue Region and Contacts. 
Cks1 structural features and their functional implications. 
Primer Name Sequence Tm Amplicon. 
  Overall survival Relapse-free survival. 
Unique relationship * between overall and relapse-free survival and the ACK1 IP in tumor and non-tumor tissues. 
*Adjusted for stage and grade. 
Gene name Gene number Fold change* p-value †. 
Identified genes up-regulated ?2.4-fold in the liver. 
*Fold change is the average difference in expression as measured by the microarray. 
†Measures the significance of the difference in expression between the small and large fish. 
Gene name Gene number Fold change* p-value†. 
Named genes up-regulated in ?2.4-fold the white muscle. 
*Fold change is the average difference in expression as measured by the microarray. 
†Measures the significance of the difference in expression between the small and large fish. 
  Sept. Dec.   Large Small Difference Large Small Difference. 
Average weights of the pooled fish used for the microarray (g). 
Liver Gene name Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Genes used for qPCR in the liver and white muscle to confirm the results of the microarray. 
*Beta-actin serves as the control gene for both the liver and muscle genes. 
Gene symbol Gene name Accession number MCF-10A MCF-7 MDA-231 MDA-468. 
List of the top and bottom most regulated genes for each cell line in the C vs H and C’ vs H’ comparisons. 
Gene symbol Gene name Accession number MCF-10A MCF-7 MDA-231 MDA-468. 
List of genes involved in the gene networks that are differentially regulated between mammary epithelial cells in the ( C vs H and C’ vs H’ ) comparison. 
Gene Symbol Gene Name Accession Number MCF-7 MDA-231 MDA-468. 
List of genes that statistically distinguish the hyperthermic response of three breast cancer lines from the mammary epithelial cells in the H’ vs H analysis. 
GeneGo Pathway p-Value. 
Top 20 significantly significant GeneGo pathway maps that are differentially expressed amongst all three breast cancer cell lines relative to the mammary epithelial line in the H’ vs H comparison. 
Gene Symbol MCF7 MBA231 MBA468. 
qPCR and microarray expression data for selected cell cycle genes in the H’ vs H comparison. 
p???0.05 for all values via Student’s t-test. 
Characteristic Cases (n?=?664) Controls (n?=?702) P *  n % n % . 
*T-test for age distributions between the cases and controls; two-sided ?2 test for others selected variables between the cases and controls. 
Polymorphisms Cases (n?=?664) Controls (n?=?702) P * Adjusted OR (95% CI) †  n % n %  . 
*Two-sided ?2 test for either genotype distributions or allele frequencies between the cases and controls. 
Adjusted for age, smoking status, drinking status and family history of cancer in logistic regression model; 95% CI: 95% confidence interval. 
Cases (n?=?664) Controls (n?=?702) P * Adjusted OR (95% CI) †  n % n %  . 
*Two-sided ?2 test for either genotype distributions or allele frequencies between the cases and controls. 
Adjusted for age, smoking status, drinking status and family history of cancer in logistic regression model; 95% CI: 95% confidence interval. 
The 0–6 represents the numbers of risk alleles within the combined genotypes; the risk alleles used for the calculation were the rs6218C, rs35767T and rs5742612C alleles. 
Variables Cases (n?=?664) Controls (n?=?702) P * Adjusted OR (95% CI) †  Number of risk alleles‡ Number of risk alleles‡    0–1 2–6 0–1 2–6    n % n % n % n %  . 
*Two-sided ?2 test for number of risk alleles in cases and controls. 
Adjusted for age, pack-years of smoking, drinking status, and family history of cancer in logistic regression model; 95% CI: 95% confidence. 
Variables Risk allele P Adjusted OR (95% CI) * 2–6 versus 0–1  0–1 2–6    n % n %  . 
*Adjusted for age, smoking status, drinking status, and family history of cancer in logistic regression model; 95% CI: 95% confidence interval; OR: odds ratio. 
Cell Line Phenotype Origin. 
Pathway P value FDR. 
FDR, false discovery rate. 
Pathway P value FDR. 
FDR, false discovery rate. 
Demographic data in this study. 
The control group is composed of 108 male and 105 female, and its average age is 55.4±6 years. 
PTC, papillary thyroid cancer. 
Primer sequence for FOSL-2 single nucleotide polymorphisms analyzed in this study. 
FOSL-2 , FOS-like antigen 2; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism. 
Genotype and allele frequencies of FOSL-2 promoter polymorphisms in papillary thyroid cancer and control subjects. 
FOSL-2 , FOS-like antigen-2; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism; PTC, papillary thyroid cancer; OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval; Codominant 1, G/G vs. A/G ; Codominant 2, G/G vs. A/A . 
* P -values was obtained by logistic regression analysis using codominant, dominant, and recessive models with Fisher exact test, controlling for gender and age as covariates. 
Gene Protein description Nature of abnormality Reference. 
Conserved genes implicated in ASD. 
Syndrome Chromosome Genes Reference. 
Genetic syndromes with ASD-related phenotypes. 
Phenotype Animal models  Non-human primate Mouse Rat Prairie vole Songbird Zebrafish Drosophila Aplysia C. elegans. 
Phenotypic analyses and relevant animal models of ASD. 
Gene Gene name Genetic abnormality Reference. 
Receptors, transporters, and channel proteins in ASD. 
S. no. Gene Primer sequence Tm Product Size. 
Forward and reverse primer sequences, product size, and annealing temperatures used in the study. 
Spot no. Protein Name Accession no. Sequence coverage% Mol·wt·kDa pI Protein expression Peptide matches Function. 
Differentially expressed proteins identified with nano LC-MS/MS from Huh-7 cell lines. 
  Affected structure  . 
Abbreviations: SS, sagittal synostosis; CS, coronal synostosis; C, cleft palate; HA, high arched palate; PD, polydactyly; SD, syndactyly; SL, short limbs. 
Gene Description Fold Reduction in HC11-?SAP vs. HC11-FL cells Functions Microarrays in 0.03% FCS qRT-PCR in 0.03% FCS qRT-PCR in 3% FCS. 
SAP-dependent Mkl1 target genes. 
Abbreviations: ECM extracellular matrix protein, PCNA proliferating cell nuclear antigen, EMT epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. 
***P?<?0.001, **P?<?0.01, Student’s t test. 
Jasmonate (JAs conc range) vehicle Cell lines Effects References. 
Effect in vitro of natural and synthetic jasmonates on normal and cancer cells. 
Bcl-2: B-cell lymphoma-2; Bcl-xL: B-cell lymphoma-extra large. Bid: BH3 interacting domain death agonist; cIAP: cellular inhibitor of apoptosis; CJ: cis jasmonic acid; 2DG: 2-deoxy-D-glucose; Glc: glucose; J7: methyl 5-chloro-4,5-didehydrojasmonate; JA: jasmonic acid; NSCLC: nonsmall-cell lung carcinoma; Pgp: P-glycoprotein; MDDHJ: methyl 4,5-didehydro-jasmonate; MDR: multidrug resistance; MMP-14: matrix metalloprotease 14; PARP: poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase; PCNA: proliferating cell nuclear antigen; PTPC: permeability transition pore complex; ROS: reactive oxygen species; S100P: protein SP100; TBrJA: 5,7,9,10-tetrabromo jasmonate; TNFR1: tumor-necrosis factor receptor-1; TRAIL: tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-) related apoptosis-inducing ligand; XIAP: X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein. 
Jasmonates Conc. range/vehicle Organism/tissue/cells Effects References. 
Effect in vivo of natural and synthetic jasmonates derivatives. 
CAM:chorioallantoic membrane of chicken embryo; HUVEC: human umbilical vein and endothelial cells; TBrJA: synthetic 5, 7, 9, 10-tetrabromo jasmonate. 
Jasmonate Drug conc. range/vehicle Model Effects References. 
Effect in vitro and in vivo of methyl jasmonate (MJ) combined with other anticancer agents. 
BCNU: 1,3-bis-(2-chloroethyl)-1-nitrosourea; 2DG: 2-deoxy-D-glucose; 5-FU: 5-fluorouracile; IAP: inhibitors of apoptosis; MM: multiple myeloma; POH: perillyl alcohol; smac: second mitochondria-derived activator of caspases; Smac7N: a peptide that contains the N-terminal seven residues of smac; TNFR1: tumor-necrosis factor receptor-1; TRAIL: tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-) related apoptosis-inducing ligand. 
pcDNA6 H-RasV12 H-RasV12S35 H-RasV12G37 H-RasV12C40. 
Enzyme activity is expressed as mU/mg of protein (specific activity). Each value is the mean±s.d of at least three experiments, each one in duplicate. 
*P<0.05;. 
**P<0.01 vs empty vector. 
pcDNA6 H-RasV12 H-RasV12S35 H-RasV12G37 H-RasV12C40. 
Enzyme activity is expressed as mU/106 cells. Each value is the mean±s.d. of at least three experiments, each one in duplicate. 
*P<0.05;. 
**P<0.01 vs empty vector. 
Plant Gene name Protein type GenBank Accession Suggested function ** Cited. 
Genes that are specifically or predominantly expressed in endosperm transfer cells * . 
Genes in the Table 1 are arranged according to the group specification in the text. 
Current knowledge of the function of ETC-specific genes is dependent on available data, and thus in some instances function of ETC-specific genes is speculative. 
Sequence originates from a private cDNA collection. 
The EST sequence used for cloning a full-length CDS. The full length CDS sequence was not provided by Wang and Ruan (2012) . 
Grade Mitotic count (10 HPF) Ki-67 index (%). 
WHO 2010 grading for (neuro-)endocrine tumors. 
Reference Tissue Method SSTR1 SSTR2 SSTR3 SSTR4 SSTR5. 
SSTR expression in GEP-NENs. Several studies have been conducted to date, but with very heterogeneous results. SSTR2 is presumed to be the most prevalently expressed isoform. 
Study results Reference. 
Summary of studies that analyzed the role of PI3K signaling in GEP-NENs. 
Study results Reference. 
Summary of study results concerning MAPK signaling in GEP-NENs. 
A draft of a gap junction network gene list . 
Summarizing GJC/connexin interaction/modulating proteins, we propose a draft of a GJN forming the blueprint to investigate the role of GJC. Known GJC modulators, as well as putative ones (isoforms and other closely related proteins) are included, with the intent to foster research on GJN modulation in health and disease. 
Interacting protein Connexin Type of detection References. 
Summary of connexin interacting proteins . 
Summary of connexin interacting proteins. This table summarizes documented interactions described in the text and the detection methods used. It does not include indirect interactions with regulatory pathways. Abbreviations in alphabetic order: AB-array, antibody array; av, avian connexin; co-loc, co-localization in cells or tissues; IVB, in vitro binding, binding of peptides or functional domains; Far-WB, Far western blot; IVP, in vitro phosphorylation; N, native, non-transfected tissues, cells, or cell lines; RE, one or both IP partners were expressed in recombinant cells; Y2H, yeast two hybrid assay. 
EGF , HB - EGF , PDGF ( low doses ) Insulin , IGF aFGF, bFGF PDGF ( high doses ). 
Pathway activation by growth factors requires Ga proteins. 
+Gi? proteins are required; - Gi? proteins are not required. 
  47[1] 160[6]. 
The culture characteristics and cell productivity of high producer (CL47[1]) and low producer (160[6]) cell lines during batch culture. 
The symbol “±” represents the standard deviation calculated between the three biological replicates. 
Gene symbol Description Fold change P-value. 
The mTOR-related genes with at least a 1.5-fold change in expression level (P-values?<?0.05). 
SDC buffered medium Water Strain Relative lifespan, L a p -value b Relative lifespan, L a p -value b. 
Relative lifespan is obtained from the survival coefficient (1+ s ), expressed as the change in viability per day relative to the WT reference, ± error in the linear fit. 
p -value is from the Z-score of 414 or 65 WT replicates in SDC medium or in water, respectively. 
Wine Viscosity Residual sugar Titratable acidity Ethanol Glycerol pH Total phenolics (centistrokes/min) (g/l) (g/l) (%v/v) (g/l) (mg/L gallic acid equivalents). 
Basic physicochemical composition and phenolic content of wines. 
Data represent the average values of duplicate measurements of wine samples. * P?< ?0.05. 
Study Study Types Inclusion Results. 
Role of metformin in cancer therapy and chemoprevention. 
Insulin (ng/ml) G0/G1 S+G 2/M. 
Effect of insulin on the cell cycle in PCa cell lines. LNCaP, C4-2, and PC3 cells were seeded in quadruplicate dishes, serum-starved for 24?h, and incubated with insulin (5–500?ng/ml) for 48?h (or left untreated, controls). Cell-cycle progression was assessed by FACS analysis. The results represent the values of a typical experiment, repeated three times. 
Significantly different vs control untreated cells ( P <0.05). 
Patterns of mutations No. of cases (%). 
The frequency of EGFR, KRAS, PIK3CA and PTEN mutations according to different patterns (n?=?38). 
2 patients also mutated in both Exon 5 and Exon 6 for PTEN. 
Characteristic All patients PTEN mutation X 2 P value   No. of cases No. of cases (%)    . 
Correlations between PTEN mutations and clinical pathologic characteristics of all patients with PSCCE (n?=?38). 
TNM stage: The AJCC (6th edition) was used for staging. Abbreviations: c, clinical. 
P -values?<?0.05 were considered as statistically significant. 
Gene Reference No. Pathology Exon examined Mutated codon with amino acid Mutation detated N (%). 
Studies on EGFR, KRAS, PIK3CA and PTEN mutations in Esophageal cancer. 
BAC, Barrett’s adenocarcinomas; EAC, esophageal adenocarcinoma; EC, esophageal carcinoma; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ESCC, esophageal squamous cell carcinoma; NR, not reported; KRAS, V-Ki-ras2 Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog; PIK3CA , Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase CA; PTEN, Phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10. 
Tiron vs. H2O control 48 h exposure    Tiron vs. H2O control 6 d exposure   . 
This analysis was performed using the DAVID program (see MM). Count indicates the number of genes belonging to the indicated gene ontology biological processes that we found regulated by a factor 2; % indicates the percentage of regulated genes belonging to the indicated biological process compared to the total number of regulated genes and included in the DAVID database; P-value indicates the probability that the indicated biological process would result by random selection. 
Genes Associated syndrome Freq. of mutation (%) PDAC risk References. 
Pancreatic cancer susceptibility genes . 
HBOC, hereditary breast and ovarian cancer; FAMMM, familial atypical multiple mole melanoma syndrome; FAP, familial adenomatous polyposis; LR, lifetime risk; HNPCC, hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer . 
Gene Primer sequence. 
Primers for rat Hprt, Star, Cyp11a, Hsd3b1 and Cyp17a1. 
Transgenic line Number of tumors Number of animals Tumor occurrence (%) Average tumor weight (g) Average latency (weeks). 
  n C-terminal p-Smad2/3 P -value     ? + to +++   Total 50 34 16  . 
Abbreviation: TNM, tumor node metastasis. 
P -value when expression levels were compared using Fisher's exact test. 
P-value when expression levels were compared using Kruskal Wallis. 
  n NDRG2 P -value     ? + to +++   Total 50 38 12  . 
Abbreviations: NDRG2, N-Myc downstream-regulated gene 2; TNM, tumor node metastasis. 
P -value when expression levels were compared using Fisher's exact test. 
P -value when expression levels were compared using Kruskal Wallis. 
  n NDRG2 P -value     Negative Positive   Total 260 184 76  . 
Abbreviations: CRC, colorectal cancer; NDRG2, N-Myc downstream-regulated gene 2; IHC, immunohistochemical. 
P -value when expression levels were compared using Fisher's exact test. 
P -value when expression levels were compared using Kruskal Wallis. 
Cells Number tumors/number injected. 
Formation of subcutaneous tumors in nude mice by PGAM2-Tg MEFs infected with Ras-G12V and various Mdm2 mutants. 
Formation of subcutaneous tumors in nude mice after injection of PGAM2 -Tg MEFs infected with the indicated expression vectors. For each injection, 5 × 106 cells were injected in a volume of 100 µl. Mice were sacrificed after 3 wk of monitoring. Representative results of two independent experiments are shown ( n = 2). 
FACTOR FUNCTION. 
The various mediators implicated in PC bone metastasis; their function and mechanism of action. 
GROWTH FACTOR RECEPTOR EXPERIMENTS FINDINGS DRUG AVAILABILITY REF. 
Growth factors implicated in Prostate Cancer bone metastasis. Role in tumour stimulation and proliferation and current and potential therapeutic targets. 
CHEMOKINE RECEPTOR EXPERIMENTS FINDINGS DRUG AVAILABILITY REF. 
Chemokines and cytokines implicated in Prostate Cancer bone metastasis. Role in tumour stimulation and proliferation as well as current and potential for therapeutic targets. 
INTERVENTION MECHANISM OF ACTION EVIDENCE. 
The current treatments and therapies for bone metastasis in Prostate Cancer. 
Strontium-89. 
Samarium-153. 
Phosphorus-32. 
PTEN loss PTEN copy number   IHC score Pathologist  . 
Loss of PTEN by IHC and CNV. 
CNV copy number variation, IHC immunohistochemistry, NT no tumour identified, PTEN phosphatase and tensin homologue. 
Taqman/IHC PTEN loss (0 staining score) NO PTEN loss (+1, +2, +3)  . 
Concordance of PTEN loss between IHC and Taqman copy number. 
IHC Immunohistochemistry, PTEN phosphatase and tensin homologue. 
Shaded squares?=?discordant results. 
Cells involved Intracellular signaling Function References. 
Nox1 expression, intracellular signaling, and function. 
Small GTPase Regulation via Mode of action Model Barrier effect Reference Rho family. 
Mechanism Mode of action Small GTPases involved Model Effect on barrier Reference common. 
Reference N Conditions Altitude (m) Days at Altitude Total Weight Loss (kg) Body Composition Method Body Fat Loss (kg) FFM * Loss (kg) % Weight Loss as FFM. 
Body composition changes at altitude. 
* Fat free mass; ** Gender not specified; † Study period was day 17–25 [ 2 ] and day 30–38 [ 9 ]; ‡ Supplemented with leucine (7 g/day) [ 37 ]. 
Structures of predominant organo-sulphur compounds present in commercial garlic preparations. 
Measurement LLO56 LLO118. 
Previously identified characteristics of LLO56 and LLO118 T cell responses to antigen in vitro and in vivo . 
Drug/compound/treatment Treatment outcome(s) Suggested mechanism Reference. 
(a) ABT-737 IC50 (nM)   PSMD14 PRPF8 UBL5 UCHL3 USP17 MCL1 Sham. 
Underlined text, 5–10-fold decrease in IC50 from sham control knockdown; bold and underlined text, >10-fold decrease. 
Publication Administration regimen Dosage (mg/m 2 per day) Patients n Remission rates Median time of follow-up (months) Relapse rate (%) Risk of 2nd cancers (%) Outcome           CRR (%) PRR (%) ORR (%)        . 
Abbreviations: C, cladribine; CRR, complete response rate; DFS, disease-free survival; ORR, overall response rate; P, pentostatin; PRR, partial response rate. 
Publication Administration regimen Dosage (mg/m 2 per day) Patients (evaluable) n Remission rates Median time of follow-up (months) Median duration of response (months) Relapse rate (%) Risk of 2nd cancers (%) Outcome           CRR (%) PRR (%) ORR (%)          . 
Abbreviations: C, cladribine; CI, confidence interval; CR, complete response; CRR, complete response rate; DFS, disease-free survival; N/A, not available; ORR, overall response rate; P, pentostatin; PR, partial response; PRR, partial response rate. 
Publication Administration regimen Dosage (mg/m 2) Patients, n Pretreated, n Remission rates Follow-up (months) MRD neg. Outcome. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response; CRR, complete response rate; MRD, minimum residual disease; n.d., not determined; ORR, overall response rate. 
CR included absence of HC by immunostaining; assessed by. 
immunohistochemical staining;. 
multiparameter flow cytometry;. 
consensus primer PCR. 
Publication RIT   Dosage Schedule Patients CRR (%) PRR (%) ORR (%). 
Abbreviations: CRR, complete response rate; ORR, overall response rate; QOD, every other day. 
Characteristics ???No. of patients in training group (%) ???No. of patients in test group (%) PTC (n =42) Benign (n =37) PTC (n =20) Benign (n =18). 
Clinicopathological characteristics of the patients with thyroid nodule. 
Genes Forward primer sequences (5????3?) Probe sequence Reverse primer sequence (5????3?). 
Q-MSP primer and TaqMan probe sequences used in this study. 
Genes Cut-off values Sensitivity (%) Specificity (%) PPV (%) NPV (%) Accuracy (%). 
Diagnostic values of BRAF mutation and various DNA methylation markers testing on FNAB specimens for PTC detection [percent (PTCs with BRAF mutation or methylation-positive/total PTCs, sensitivity; benign nodules with BRAF mutation or methylation-negative/total benign nodules, specificity; PTCs with BRAF mutation or methylation-positive/total positive cases, PPV; benign nodules with BRAF mutation or methylation-negative/total negative nodules, NPV)]. 
PPV , Positive predictive value; NPV , Negative predictive value. 
  Cut-off values Training group (n =79) Sensitivity (%) Specificity (%) PPV (%) NPV (%) Accuracy (%). 
Diagnostic values of combined detection of BRAF mutation and various DNA methylation markers on FNAB specimens for PTC detection [percent (PTCs with BRAF mutation or methylation-positive/total PTCs, sensitivity; benign nodules with BRAF mutation or methylation-negative/total benign nodules, specificity; PTCs with BRAF mutation or methylation-positive/total positive cases, PPV; benign nodules with BRAF mutation or methylation-negative/total negative nodules, NPV)]. 
Protein Phosphosite Localization Probability a Abundance sks1-K39R b. 
Phosphosites indicating a localization probability of p >0.75. 
Phosphopeptide abundance as sks1-K39R /WT ratio. 
Clinical characteristics B-RAF mutated N-RAS mutated Wild type P value N?=?144 N?=?63 (43.7) N?=?40 (27.7) N?=?41 (28.4)  . 
Clinical and pathological characteristics. 
  Name of the culture Mutation RAF265 IC 50 s [nM] MEK162 IC 50 s [nM]. 
Patient-derived melanoma cultures with their B-RAF/N-RAS mutational status and sensitivity to RAF265 and MEK162. 
COX-1 COX-2 Ligands AutoDock Binding Energy H-bond Forming Residues AutoDock Binding Energy H-bond Forming Residues. 
Docking prediction of high scoring poses of different COX inhibitors and their corresponding binding energy values was compared with the binding free energy of amarogentin. Subsequently, the H-bonding residues were also analysed for the stability of the docking poses. 
Ligand ?Eelectrostatic ?Evdw ?Einternal ?Ggas ?Gpolar ?Gnon-polar ?Gsol ?GEle a ?Gbind ?Gexp b. 
?GEle ?=? ?Eelectrostatic + ?Gpolar. 
?Gexp ?=? ?RTln(IC50). 
COX-1 After Docking COX-1 After Simulation COX-2 After Docking COX-2 After Simulation. 
The total interaction profile of amarogentin covers the H-bond interactions, electrostatic interactions, ?-? interactions, cation-? interaction, and the van der Waals interactions. 
Extended 3 h Extended 24 h Frozen-Thawed 3 h Frozen-Thawed 24 h  30 min 240 min 30 min 240 min 30 min 240 min 30 min 240 min. 
Data are shown as mean ± SEM. Different superscripts ( a, b, c , d ) mean significant differences ( P <0.05) within rows (i.e. for a given motility parameter) among columns (i.e. comparing extended and frozen-thawed semen, and 30 and 240 min of post-thawing incubation at 37°C). 
Component Variance Combinations of variables aij aij2. 
Each cryotolerance index was calculated as follows: . 
(m.p.: membrane permeability; o.a.m.: outer acrosome membrane; GMFI: Geometric mean of fluorescence intensity; arbitrary units). 
Component Variance Combinations of variables aij aij2. 
Each cryotolerance index was calculated as follows: . 
(m.p.: membrane permeability; o.a.m.: outer acrosome membrane; GMFI: Geometric mean of fluorescence intensity; arbitrary units). 
Proteins Holding time at 17 ° C  3 h (arbitrary units) 24 h (arbitrary units). 
The values obtained for the HT of 3 h were transformed in order to obtain a basal arbitrary value of 100, from which the intensity values for the other samples (i.e. HT 24 h) were calculated. Results are given as mean ± SEM, and different superscripts ( a , b ) mean significant differences ( P <0.05) within rows (i.e. between the two holding times) for each protein. 
HSP70 (miniarray values) pSer-HSP70:total HSP70 ratio (immunoprecipitation). 
Regression equation R2 R P value model. 
From all the dependent variables submitted to the model, only the pSer-HSP70:total HSP70 ratio ( x ) was included, whereas the others were left out. 
Protein Sequence G1 (p-loop) G2 (switch I) G3 (Switch II) G4 G5. 
Completely conserved residues are in bold, italics. 
Cumulative spectral counts    No additions b Effect of Hsp90 inhibitors c Protein Gene ID IPI Acc. No. NS control NS buffer DMSO GA MoO 4. 
Flag-tagged DBC2 was synthesized by TnT in RRL, followed by no additions (DBC2) or treatment with geldanamycin (GA), molybdate (MoO4) and/or vehicle controls (buffer or DMSO). RRL containing empty vector was used as the negative control for nonspecific binding (NS). Samples were prepared and analyzed by LC-MS/MS as described under Materials and methods . 
The data for no additions represent 4 technical replicates on a single biological sample. 
The data for the Hsp90 inhibitors represent three independent bio-replicates including three technical replicates of each sample. 
nd, not detected in any of that samples run for the experiment. Symbols indicate significant changes in spectral counts:. 
*, increase over buffer, DMSO and MoO4;. 
, increase over buffer and DMSO;. 
, increase over DMSO, GA and MoO4;. 
, decrease relative to the buffer or DMSO control; or. 
, decrease relative to buffer, DMSO and MoO4. 
Phospholipase D2 (PLD2) and cancer. 
Role of PLD2 in cancer signaling. Recent discoveries documenting the increasing importance of the PLD2 isoform as a crucial component of cancer signaling. 
PLD2 contributes to the invasive phenotype of v-Src-transformed cells ( Shen et al., 2002 ). 
Elevated PLD activity confers rapamycin resistance and survival signals in human bladder and lung cancer cells ( Shi, 2007 ; Chen, 2003 ). 
Protein kinase Czeta activation by PLD2-PX domain promotes survival of breast cancer cells ( Kim et al., 2005 ). 
The presence of elevated mutant p53 levels contributes to the cell survival signal that occurs as a result of high PLD activity ( Hui et al., 2006 ). 
Increased expression of PLD2 correlates well with increased tumor size and increased mortality in humans ( Saito M et al., 2007 ). 
Expression of PLD2 enhances processes favorable to lymphoma cell metastasis ( Knoepp SM et al., 2008 ). 
Cell invasion of MTLn3 cells is dependent on PLD2 and JAK3 ( Henkels et al., 2011 ). 
PLD2 overexpression leads to early breast cancer onset and larger lung metastasis. Silencing PLD2 does the opposite ( Henkels et al., 2013 ). 
Combination Significance Citation. 
RAF/MEK and PI3K/AKT combination studies. 
Study ID Sample Type of angina Diagnosis standard Age Intervention group Control group Course (week) Outcome measures. 
The characteristics of included RCTs of Sanqi Panax Notoginseng injection for AP. 
SPN: Sanqi Panax Notoginseng injection; RAS: reduction of angina symptoms; FAA: frequency of angina attack; DAA: duration of angina attack; GCRNDTCM: Guidelines of Clinical Research of New Drugs of Traditional Chinese Medicine; BL: blood lipid; CRP: C-reative protein. 
Sesamol (ppm) No. of mice Small intestine Colon Total Proximal Middle Distal. 
Number of intestinal polyps/mouse in Min mice. 
Data are mean ± SD. *Significantly different from the control untreated group at p <0.01. # p  = 0.087. 
Animal study 1 Normal CKD CKD+AST-120   (n?=?9) (n?=?8) (n?=?8) . 
Data were cited from reference [11] for animal study 1 and [12] for animal study 2. 
Data are expressed as mean±SE. 
Abbreviation: CKD, chronic kidney disease; DN, Dahl normotensive rats; DH, Dahl hypertensive rats; IS, indoxyl sulfate. 
p<0.05 vs . normal, ?p<0.05 vs . CKD. 
*p<0.05 vs. DN, #p<0.05 vs. DH. 
Plasma protein Normal level (%) Function Half-life. 
Major plasma protein characteristics. 
Tumor Type Wild-Type ( n ?=?88) [57] Wild-Type ( n ?=?40) (This Study) p200 CUX1 ( n ?=?129) (This Study). 
Results from wild-type mice are shown from a previous study as well as from the present study. All wild-type mice were taken into account to calculate the p values. Other tumors include hematopoietic tumors, liver tumors, uterine tumors, pancreatic tumors, and intestine tumors. 
* p value?0.05;. 
*** p value?0.0001. 
Type of Samples Mice No. KRAS Mutation. 
These normal tissues were from the adjacent mammary gland of tumor-bearing mice. 
Accession number(SwissProt) Protein name Molecularweight (kDa) pI Spot ID Number of MS/MS peptide sequences Sequence Coverage (%) Mascot Score Average volume ratio         E vs M LP vs E LP vs M LT vs E LT vs M ANOVA ( p value). 
The proteins were identified by mass spectrometry following in-gel trypsin digestion. The spot numbers correspond to the same numbers as indicated on Figure 2 . The identities of the spots, their SwissProt accession numbers, and the theoretical molecular masses and pI values as well as the number of peptide sequences, the corresponding percent sequence coverage, and the Mascot score are listed for MS/MS analysis. Protein scores greater than 35 were considered as significant ( p< 0.05 ). Paired average volume ratio and p -values (ANOVA) between each paired groups compared, were defined using Progenesis Samespot software. n.i., no identification. 
M; mock-infected samples. 
Top Functions Score Focus Molecules Molecules in Network. 
Molecules from the uploaded dataset are indicated in bold. Fold-change expression values of these molecules in each paired comparison are indicated in Tables 1 , S4 and S5 . 
  Sham 2K1C 2K1C+GW 2K1C+GW+SnMP. 
Abbreviations: 2K1C, 2 kidney 1 clip; LDL, low-density lipoprotein; SnMP, stannous mesoporphyrin; TG, triglyceride. 
Values are mean±s.e. N =5 for each group. 
Name Sequences and location at 3?UTR of human CD44 mRNA. 
T7 RNA promoter sequences are underlined. 
Aminoglycosides IC50 (?M). 
The IC50 values were obtained from experiments conducted in a similar fashion to Figure 3 . 
Cell Line (M14) Total tumor/Total injection Tumor weight (mg)  Deoxytetracycline Deoxytetracycline ? + ? +. 
Reduction of endogenous RasGRP3 expression inhibited tumor formation of M14 cell lines. 
Cell Line (SK-MEL-5) Total tumor/Total injection Tumor weight (mg)  Deoxytetracycline Deoxytetracycline ? + ? +. 
Reduction of endogenous RasGRP3 expression inhibited tumor formation of SK-MEL-5 cell lines. 
Mutation Domain Enzymatic impact 14-3-3 binding. 
Subclass Chromosome alterations Gene/protein expression changes Drugs/targets Relative survival. 
Subclassifications of glioblastomas (based on TCGA) 25. 
Abbreviations: ASCL1, achaete-scute complex homolog 1; CD44, cluster of differentiation 44; CDKN2A, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 2A; CHI3L1, chitinase-3-like protein 1; cs, chromosome; DCX, doublecortin; DLL3, delta-like 3; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; EGFRvIII, mutated EGFR variant III; GABRA1, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor alpha 1; GAS1, growth arrest-specific 1; GLI1, glioma-associated oncogene 1; HIF, hypoxia-inducible factor; IDH1, isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 (NADP+), soluble; JAG1, jagged 1; LFNG, lunatic fringe (O-fucosylpeptide 3-beta-N-acetylglucosaminlytransferase); MDM2, mouse double minute 2 homolog; MET, mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor; MERTK, MER proto-oncogene tyrosine kinase; NEFL, neurofilament, light polypeptide; NES, nestin; NF1, neurofibromatosis 1; NFKB, nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells; NKX2-2, NK2 homeobox 2; NOTCH3, 3rd human notch homolog; OLIG2, oligodendrocyte lineage transcription factor 2; PDGFRA, platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha; PI3K, phosphoinositide-3-kinase; PIK3CA, phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase, catalytic subunit alpha; PIK3R1, PI3K regulatory subunit 1; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; SLC12A5, solute carrier family 12 (potassium/chloride transporter), member 5; SMO, smoothened; gas1, growth arrest specific 1; SOX, Sry-related HMG box; SYT1, synaptotagmin 1; TCF3/4, transcription factor 3 or 4; TCGA, The Cancer Genome Atlas; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; TMZ, temozolomide; PI3KCA, phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3 kinase, catalytic subunit alpha; XRT, external beam radiation therapy; YKL40, chitinase-3-like protein 1; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Estimated stoichiometry (%) EGFR peptide sequencea p-Tyr site EGFR ShcD/EGFR. 
Estimated stoichiometry of EGFR tyrosine phosphorylation in EGFR- or ShcD/EGFR-expressing cells. 
aResidues in parentheses are deduced and shown to indicate the peptides as tryptic fragments. Phosphotyrosine is denoted by lowercase y. 
Gene Sequence. 
Primers used for real time quantitative RT PCR. 
Risk factor Relative risk/odds ratio Reference. 
Risk factors for gallbladder cancer. 
Notes:. 
Duration of gallstones is represented as an odds ratio (OR); the range is shown. This table is adapted with permission from Stinton LM, Shaffer EA. Epidemiology of Gallbladder Disease: Cholelithiasis and Cancer. Gut Liver . 2012;6(2):172–187. 19. 
Stage RAN. 
*Pearson correlation coefficient. 
**Bold fonts denote significant values at p<0.05. 
Univariate Cox regression Biomarkers Overall Survival * Disease Free Survival **. 
*Overall survival is the time from the date of primary resection until either death due to ovarian cancer or last follow-up. 
**Disease free survival is the time from the first resection of the primary tumor until the first event of recurrence. 
Residual disease?=?amount of residual disease at time of primary resection of the ovarian tumor. 
p?=?p-value. HR?=?hazard ratio. Bold fonts denote significant values. 
GI: Name ?Coverage MW (kDa). 
GI: Name ?Coverage MW (kDa). 
GI: Name ?Coverage MW (kDa). 
GI: Name ?Coverage MW (kDa). 
Prostate Cancer (n?=?87) BPH (n?=?24). 
Regression Coefficient Standard Error Hazard Ratio 95% CI for hazard ratio p-value Concordance Index. 
Univariate and multivariate models were evaluated with clinical stage and Gleason score as covariates. 
*statistical significance, p<0.05. 
Gene Drug FACS, astrocytes Culture astrocytes. 
Comparison between effects on gene expression and editing of chronic treatment with the SSRI fluoxetine or the antibipolar drug carbamazepine in cultured mouse astrocytes and in astrocytes freshly isolated from drug-treated mice. 
Table 1 shows all experiments in which drug effects were compared in cultured astrocytes and in astrocytes freshly obtained by FACS as described by Lovatt et al. [ 3 ]. For FACS, astrocytes had been obtained from mice stained with GFP, based on expression of the astrocyte-specific GFAP, in transgenic animals and the stained cells were separated after cell dissociation by means of their fluorescent signal. The cultures were treated chronically with either fluoxetine or carbamazepine, and the animals had been treated chronically for a similar length of time (2 weeks). Complete agreement was found. From Peng et al. [ 2 ], with the exception of Cav1.2, which is from Du et al. [ 4 ], using similar techniques. 
GABAA receptor subunit Percentage astrocytic expression. 
Percentage astrocytic expression (astrocytic expression/(astrocytic + neuronal expression)) of GABAA receptor subunits as found by Cahoy et al. [ 131 ] in astrocytic and neuronal cell fractions obtained from murine brain*. 
*No information was provided about ? 2. 
Class (compound) ADPKD ARPKD CLINICAL TRIALS or pre-clinical reference ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ). 
The Future: Therapies for Childhood Pkd. 
References Country of origin Year Mutation analysis methods No. of KRAS wild-type patients Age Previous treatment protocols Study treatment protocols Outcomes Criteria. 
Characteristics of studies identified for the meta-analysis. 
AD – allelic discrimination, C – cetuximab, Chem – chemotherapy, DS – direct sequencing, DxS – DxS PI3K Mutation Test Kit, FOLFOX – fluorouracil, folinic acid, and oxaliplatin, FOLFIRI – fluorouracil, folinic acid, and irinotecan; I – irinotecan, NR – not reported, C – cetuximab, P – panitumumab, B – bevacizumab, O – oxaliplatin, PFS – progression-free survival, OS – overall survival, OR – odds ratio, TTP – time to tumor progression, CR – complete response, PR – partial response, SD – stable disease, PD – progressive disease. 
Stage shRNA Average Standard Deviation Min Max . 
Control- and Daxx-depleted HEp2 cells were stably transfected with H2B-GFP and analyzed using fluorescence time-lapse video microscopy. Duration of mitotic stages was calculated based on key morphological events associated with chromatin. Average (mean), standard deviation and minimum/maximum values were determined for duration of prophase and pro-metaphase/metaphase. 
Common Gene Symbol Human homolog Gene Symbol xmrk kras Myc     FC P value FC P value FC P value. 
GEO accession xmrk kras Myc Total * xmrk / kras xmrk / Myc kras / Myc xmrk / kras / Myc. 
Percentages indicate the percentages of human HCC samples which showed significant positive correlation (FDR<0.25) with the zebrafish liver cancer signatures. 
*Total: The total percentage of human HCCs which showed significant correlation with any one or more of the zebrafish signatures. 
Endpoint Dose (? m ) P -value R 2 P -value (log mass adjusted) Rodents only P -value Rodents only P -value (log mass adjusted). 
Statistics from regression analyses for mammalian species. 
Where P -value is given as 0.000, this represents P < 0.001. Other P -values are given rounded to the nearest significant figure. 
Endpoint Dose (? m ) P -value R 2 P -value (log mass adjusted). 
Statistics from regression analyses for avian species. 
Biology Of Distraction: Molecular events and mechanism of bone formation in distraction osteogenesis in humans. 
Recent experimental work implications to promote regeneration, formation and maturation in distraction osteogenesis. 
? Risk-matched Control group ( n = 33) Ischemic stroke group ( n = 33) P value. 
Demographics of risk-matched group and ischemic stroke group. 
?*Dyslipidemia: LDL > 160?mg/dL, triglyceride > 150?mg/dL, HDL < 40?mg/dL in male, or HDL < 50?mg/dL in female. 
? Ischemic stroke patients ( n = 110). 
Demographics of entire cohort in ischemic stroke group. 
?*Dyslipidemia: LDL > 160?mg/dL, triglyceride > 150?mg/dL, HDL < 40?mg/dL in male, or HDL < 50?mg/dL in female. 
ACA: anterior cerebral artery; ACEI: angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor; ARB: angiotensin receptor blocker; CCB: calcium channel blocker; MCA: middle cerebral artery; NIHSS: National Institute of Health Stroke Scale; PCA: posterior cerebral artery; TOAST: acute stroke treatment; VBA: vertebrobasilar artery. 
? TNF ? IL-6 hsCRP WBC count. 
Correlation between leukocyte ROCK activity, white blood cell count, and plasma levels of cytokines. 
The numbers in each column denote the correlation efficient calculated by Spearman correlation test and the P value. 
hsCRP: high sensitive C-reactive protein; IL-6: interleukin-6; ROCK: Rho kinase; TNF ? : tumor necrotic factor alpha; WBC: white blood cell. 
Parameters Hazard Ratio (95% CI) P value. 
A multivariate analysis by Cox proportional hazard model for predictors of recurrent stroke during follow-up. 
hsCRP: high sensitive C-reactive protein; ROCK: Rho kinase. 
WHO diagnosis Karyotype Treatment Clinical outcome. 
Clinical, hematologic, and cytogenetic characteristics of MDS patients. 
Clinicopathological variables a RRM2 b p value OR and 95%CI  (+) (?)  . 
Statistical analysis: Chi-square or Fisher's exact tests. 
Some clinicopathological data could not be collected from the patients with cervical cancer due to incomplete medical charts or records. 
(+): positive immunoreactivity; (?): negative immunoreactivity. 
Semiquantitative H score of RRM2 immunoreactivity was calculated by multiplying the proportional score of stained cells and their immunoreactivity intensity. 
The median value of all H scores of tumor cells in the 103 cervical cancer cores was determined as the cutoff point for separating RRM2 positive tissue cores from RRM2 negative tissue cores. 
OR: odds ratio; CI: confidence interval; RRM2, ribonucleotide reductase M2. 
Case number Mean (median) survival month 5-year survival rate (%) Hazard ratio 95% confidence interval p value. 
Statistical analysis: Kaplan-Meier products limit method and multivariate and univariate Cox regression models. 
Some clinicopathological data could not be collected from the patients with cervical cancer due to incomplete medical charts or records. 
Group Specific OVA Ig (O.D) *   IgG1 IgG2 IgE Total IgE (ng/ml). 
*Ig levels values represented (mean ± SD) for each group (12–17 mice/group). 
P <0.05 vs other groups. 
Downregulated * Upregulated † miRNA FI miRNA FI. 
*miRNAs downregulated in the siRNA SOCS3-treated group. 
miRNAs upregulated in the siRNA SOCS3-treated group. 
Characteristic Cases p-ERK1/2   Low(%) High(%) P value. 
a: Non-Triple-negative Breast cancer; b: Triple-negative Breast cancer; c: lymph node. 
Characteristic Overall Survival Disease-Free Survival  Univariate Multivariate Univariate Multivariate  P value P value HR 95% CI P value P value HR 95% CI. 
a: lymph node; b: negative; c: positive. 
p-ERK1/2  Low(%) High(%) Total P value. 
Target(s) Phase of testing Clinical trial number (pediatric) Clinical trial number (adult). 
Molecular therapeutic agents for pediatric acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in current clinical testing or late preclinical development and related trials for adult AML . 
AURKA, aurora kinase A; COG, Children’s Oncology Group; HSCT, hematopoietic stem cell transplantation; SJCRH, St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital; TACL, Therapeutic Advances in Childhood Leukemia; NCT, ClinicalTrials.gov identifier . 
Human gene Chromosomal location Exon Exon size (bp) Intron Intron size (kb) Residues encoded by exon Length of protein (amino acids) Percentage similarity (identity) to human Cav-1 Percentage similarity (identity) to human Cav-2 Expression patterns. 
Genomic organization of the human caveolin genes and properties of their protein products. 
Abbreviations: bp, base pairs; kb, kilobases; ?, unknown. Modified from Razani et al. [ 42 ]. 
Number in GenBank* Number experimentally verified + homologs† Number established NEW true predictions‡. 
Numbers of analyzed sequences, experimentally verified myristoylated proteins plus their homologs and the set of additional new predictions. 
*Eukarya, non-identical sequences (nr100), February 2003. †Experimentally verified myristoylated proteins and their homologs with conserved myristoylation site (BLASTP E-value <0.005, plus manual curation). ‡Estimated NEW true predictions: (total number of predictions) minus (expected number of false-positive predictions) minus (number of experimentally verified + homologs) = number of true predictions not closely related to already experimentally verified examples (possibly additional new functions for myristoylated proteins?). §When a leading methionine is present in the sequence, it is less likely to represent a non-amino-terminal fragment in the database. However, this also excludes some true amino-terminal fragments, where a glycine becomes amino-terminal after proteolytic cleavage. 
Experimentally verified protein type(s) Total number in MYRbase Subcellular localization References. 
Experimentally verified myristoylated proteins and their subcellular localizations. 
*Not yet in MYRbase; cleavage motif is not automatically detected but is predicted when submitted as fragment to the predictor. 
coMAF class* I II III IV V. 
The five classes of co-occurring membrane attachment factors (coMAFs). 
*Distribution of the five classes of coMAFs among the set of experimentally verified myristoylated proteins plus their homologs and the set of additional new predictions. Assignments are not necessarily unique, but can be combinations thereof. †At least one palmitoylatable cysteine within the first five residues (starting with the myristoylated glycine). ‡The content of positive charges (amino acids lysine (K), arginine (R) and histidine (H)) in the region of positions 6 to 35 is compared to the average composition in GenBank in the same region. The values correspond to hits occurring using threshold deviations of 1, 2 and 3? from the GenBank average. §Significant HMMER-hit (below E-value of 0.01) with phosphatidylinositol-bisphosphate (PIP2)-specific binding domains (PH, ENTH, FERM, PX or FYVE). ¶A very conservative method was used to detect putative transmembrane segments. Besides requiring the attribute 'trusted' by the sensitive method DAS-TMfilter [ 151 ], we only list the hits that have more than three predicted TM regions and that are additionally filtered for their overall polarity measured by the content of positive charges. ¥All other proteins that did not fulfill any of the above criteria. 
Number of entries ID Description. 
Domain composition of the set of new predictions. 
Protein(s) Total number in MYRbase MI in MYRbase (number in cluster) Taxonomic range. 
Examples of proteins predicted to be myristoylated. 
Amino-terminal peptides of single representatives shown to be myristoylated in *[ 24 ] and †[ 152 ]. ‡Amino-terminal glycine to alanine mutation prevents nuclear envelope localization [ 153 ]. 
Human protein MYRbase identifier Myristoylation motif. 
Diverse amino termini of selected sequences shown to undergo in vitro myristoylation. 
Residues indicated in bold type are positively charged; The C denoted in italic type indicates a palmitoylatable cysteine. 
Enriched GO biological process Contributing proteins moving into or out of DRMDs upon exposure to VTRM1 Contributing proteins moving into or out of DRMDs upon exposure to 16 M. 
Table 1 represents 84 proteins from the proteomic analysis (proteins with iTRAQ labeling) of the 149 proteins (proteins with and without iTRAQ labeling). We performed enrichment analyses based on Gene Ontology (GO) [83] . We separately analyzed rough and smooth strains as well as distinguished between proteins moving into or out of DRMDs. In both the scenarios IN and OUT we included proteins that did not change localization (0) due to the low number of iTRAQ-labeled proteins. Thus we consider four distinct scenarios: (1) VTRM1 IN + no change: 75 proteins, (2) VTRM1 OUT + no change: 50 proteins, (3) 16M IN + no change: 77 proteins, and (4) 16M OUT + no change: 49 proteins. 
Protein Key : ACTG1 ?=? Cytoplasmic Actin 2; ACTB ?=? cytoplasmic Actin 1; ATP13A1 ?=? Probable cation-transporting ATPase 13A1; ATP5G2 ?=? ATP synthase, mitochondrial; ARFGEF1 ?=? Brefeldin A-inhibited guanine nucleotide-exchange protein 1; ARHGEF1 ?=? Rho guanine nucleotide exchange factor 1; ADD2 ?=? Beta-adducin; BRPF1 ?=? Peregrin; CACNA1H ?=? Voltage-dependent T-type calcium channel subunit alpha-1H; CALM1 ?=? Calmodulin; DNAH1 ?=? Dynein heavy chain 1; KDM5C ?=? Lysine-specific demethylase 5C; KDM5D ?=? Lysine-specific demethylase 5D; LAMA2 ?=? Laminin subunit ?-2; MYH9 ?=? Myosin 9; MYL12A ?=? Myosin regulatory light chain 12A; PELO ?=? Protein pelota homolog; RAC 1 ?=? Ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate 1; SCN4B ?=? Sodium channel beta-4 subunit; SGSM 3 ?=? Small G protein signaling modulator 3; SLC25A4 ?=? ADP/ATP translocase 1; SPTBN4 ?=? Spectrin beta chain, non-erythrocytic 4; TTN ?=? Titin; TMSL3 ?=? Thymosin beta-4-like protein 3; TUBB ?=? ? -Tubulin; TUBA1B ?=? ?-Tubulin 1B chain; USP6 ?=? Ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase 6; VDAC2 ?=? Voltage-dependent anion-selective channel protein 2. 
Proteins marked by * did not translocate into or out of DRMDs but contributed to the enrichment of the corresponding GO biological process. 
Enriched MSigDB gene set Contributing proteins moving out of DRMDs upon exposure to VTRM1 Contributing proteins moving into of DRMDs upon exposure to VTRM1 Contributing proteins moving out of DRMDs upon exposure to 16M Contributing proteins moving into of DRMDs upon exposure to 16M. 
Table 2 represents the same proteins as described for Table 1 . Proteins were analyzed in the same way as described for Table 1 with the exception of the enrichment analysis, which is based on MSigDB gene sets instead of GO ( Table 1 ) [83] . Proteins marked by * did not translocate into or out of DRMDs but contributed to the enrichment of the corresponding MSigDB gene set. The protein key is also the same as the one provided for Table 1 . 
Imaging techniques Advantages Disadvantages Clinical applications References. 
Comparison of major imaging techniques for studying cancer metabolism. 
Clinical Manifestations and Susceptibility Genes SLE Features Definition Gene Referencies. 
Susceptibility Genes Associated to SLE Clinical Manifestations. 
Systolic blood Pressure (mm Hg) Body Weight (g) Before After Before After. 
Systolic Blood Pressure and Body Weight Before and After 4 Weeks of Treatment With Aliskiren in 7 Study Groups (n=6 to 8). 
Alis?H indicates high?dose aliskiren (60 mg kg?1 day?1); Alis?L, low?dose aliskiren (30 mg kg?1 day?1); ANOVA, analysis of variance; SHR, spontaneously hypertensive rats; WKY, Wistar?Kyoto rats. 
P <0.001 vs SHR?sham group before treatment with paired t tests. 
P <0.01 vs SHR?vehicle group before treatment with paired t tests. 
P <0.01 vs SHR?vehicle group after treatment analyzed with one?way ANOVA followed by post hoc tests. 
Protein Function Cancer Normal Localization Mislocalization Reference. 
Number Agent Type of Regulation Primary target Translocation effect Reference. 
HGNC Alias Gene accession # UniProt_KB entry # # amino acids Molecular weight (kDa). 
Ablebbreviations: AP2rep AP2 repressor, B basic, BCD B-cell derived protein, BTEB basic transcription element binding, C colon, COBEP core promoter element binding protein, CPBP core promoter binding protein, DRRF dopamine receptor regulating factor, E erythroid, EGR? early growth response gene ?, EPFN epiprofin, EZF epithelial zinc finger, F embryonic/fetal ß-like globin gene-activating, G gut, GBF GC-rich binding factor, I intestinal, K kidney, L lung, MODY7 maturity-onset diabetes of the young 7, NSLP Novel SP1-Like Protein, OSX osterix, RFLAT RANTES factor of late activated T-lymphocytes, SP specificity protein / SV40-promoter protein, ST suppressor of tumorigenicity, TFSP transcription factor SP, SPR SP1-related factor, TEF transcriptional enhancer factor, TIEG TGFß-inducible early gene, U ubiquitous, Z(N)F zinc finger. 
Sources: HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee ( www.genenames.org ) and [ 9 ]. Protein molecular weights were retrieved from The Human Protein Atlas ( www.proteinatlas.org ) [ 149 ]. 
Name Xenograft models Combinatorial Therapy References. 
A panel of second-generation mTOR inhibitors is listed. Information regarding xenograft models as well as combinatorial drugs used in preclinical cancer studies for each mTOR inhibitor is provided. For information about combinatorial drugs, please consult legend of Table 2 . 
Name Xenograft models Combinatorial Therapy References. 
A panel of second-generation mTOR inhibitors is listed. Information regarding xenograft models as well as combinatorial drugs used in preclinical cancer studies for each mTOR inhibitor is provided. SAHA and Panobinostat are histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors; AZD6244, UO126, ARRY-142886, and SL327 are MEK inhibitors; Lapatinib, Cetuximab, Erlotinib, and Gefitinib are EGFR inhibitors; Sunitinib and Sorafenib are multitargeted kinases inhibitors; Imatinib and Dasatinib are tyrosine kinases inhibitors; Bevacizumab is an anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) monoclonal antibody; Taxotere is a microtubule inhibitor; RAF265 is a BRAF inhibitor; Ganetespib is a heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) inhibitor; ABT-737 is a Bcl-2 inhibitor; Dovitinib is an inhibitor of fibroblast growth factor (FGF), VEGF, and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) receptors; Vincristine and Paclitaxel are mitosis inhibitors; Irinotecan is a topoisomerase-I inhibitor; Temozolomide is an alkylating agent; NVP-LDE225 is a Smoothened (Smo) antagonist; Chloroquine is a lysosomotropic agent; Endothelial-monocyte activating polypeptide (EMAP) is a proinflammatory cytokine and a mediator of programmed endothelial cell death; 5-Fluorouracil, Cisplatin, and Doxorubicin are chemotherapy drugs; Tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) is a cytotoxic protein and a mediator of programmed cell death. 
Cancer Type % Containing NF2 Somatic Mutations Source. 
Sporacic tumors, patients do not have neurofibromatosis 2 COSMIC ( http://www.sanger.ac.uk/cosmic ). 
Drug Name Mechanism Phase of Study Trial Reference Number. 
Name Targets Trial identifier Current Status. 
Gene symbol Description Urethral thissue of BALB-p53Neu vs BALB/c RMS vs urethral tissue of BALB/c. 
Figures rep resent the fold change relative to the indicated comparison (see Methods for calculations). 
Cell line # Metastatic site siRNA treatment Metastasis. 
Cells treated for 48 h with siRNAs were injected i.v. in male BALB-NeuT mice. RMSp53Neu 1 treated with Non-Targeting 2 or anti-CDKN2A siRNAs were injected in Rag2?/?;Il2rg?/? mice (see Methods). 
p<0.05. 
p<0.01 by the Student's t test versus corresponding Non-targeting siRNA. 
Variable No. 14-3-3 ? expression p High-expression (%) Low-expression (%). 
Variable 14-3-3? expression Correlation coefficient (rs) p a. 
The Spearman correlation test was used for statistical analyses. P values < 0.05 were considered statistically significant. 
Muscular dystrophy Deregulated noncoding RNAs References. 
Deregulated noncoding RNAs in skeletal muscle tissue. 
Only miRNAs validated either by more than one study or by one study using two independent techniques are indicated. 
Muscular dystrophy Deregulated noncoding RNAs References. 
Deregulated noncoding RNAs in serum. 
Only miRNAs validated either by more than one study or by one study using two independent techniques are indicated. 
Abbreviations: CIMP=CpG island methylator phenotype; MSI=microsatellite instability. 
P -values <0.05 are in bold. 
Variable Coefficient Exp (coefficient) s.e. (coef) Z P -value. 
Different categories No. of genes Node color code in figures. 
Summary of genes of interest and genes already known in Parkinson's disease. 
Term Gene Count Fold Enrichment Benjamini. 
Gene set enrichment analysis of Parkinson's disease compact shortest path network. 
Genes of Interest Interacts with no. of known PD genes. 
Genes of interest for Parkinson's disease identified by “guilt-by-association” with the known PD-related genes. 
Term Gene Count Fold Enrichment Benjamini Genes. 
Enriched KEGG pathways in Parkinson's disease resulted from DAVID analysis. 
Genes of Interest Targeted by No. of miRNAs. 
Genes of interest determined from Parkinson's disease microRNA regulatory network. 
Cluster non Cluster Cluster (AG1478) non Cluster (AG1478). 
40 cluster/non-cluster regions of 10 different cells were analyzed. 
Reference Results. 
Summary of findings in breast cancer. 
Abbreviations: sCLU, secretory clusterin; TNF, tumor necrosis factor. 
Reference Results. 
Summary of findings in renal cell carcinoma. 
Abbreviation: CLU, clusterin . 
Characteristic Number of patients. 
Clinical characteristics of 123 NPC patients. 
Abbreviations: NPC, nasopharyngeal carcinoma; WHO, World Health Organization; NKUC, non-keratinizing undifferentiated carcinoma; NKDC, non-keratinizing differentiated carcinoma; KSCC, keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma. 
Sample ID Gene Mutation Ratio MT WT. 
Mutation status of the 21 positive cases. 
Abbreviations: WT, wild-type; MT, mutation. 
Characteristics Mutation n=21 (17.1%) Wild-type n=102 (82.9%) P -value. 
Correlations between oncogene mutation and clinicopathological characteristics of NPC patients. 
Abbreviations: NPC, nasopharyngeal carcinoma; WHO, World Health Organization; NKUC, non-keratinizing undifferentiated carcinoma; NKDC, non-keratinizing differentiated carcinoma; KSCC, keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma. 
Gene Mutation status in this study Mutation status in other NPC studies More NPC literature. 
Summary of oncogene mutations in NPC. 
Abbreviations: CGH, comparative genomic hybridization; IHC, immunohistochemistry; NPC, nasopharyngeal carcinoma; RT-PCR, real-time polymerase chain reaction; C-PCR, competitive polymerase chain reaction; mRNA, messenger RNA. 
Gene Mutation subtypes. 
Mutation subtypes detected by the OncoCarta Panel (v 1.0; Sequenom Inc., San Diego, CA, USA) MassARRAY. 
Source Type III sum of squares df Mean square F P -value. 
Tests of between-subjects effects. 
Note: Dependent variable: relapse/metastasis. 
Abbreviation: WHO, World Health Organization. 
Characteristics PIK3CA NRAS KIT Yes No P -value Yes No P -value Yes No P -value. 
Correlations between PIK3CA, NRAS, KIT mutations and clinicopathological characteristics of NPC patients. 
Abbreviations: NPC, nasopharyngeal carcinoma; WHO, World Health Organization; NKUC, non-keratinizing undifferentiated carcinoma; NKDC, non-keratinizing differentiated carcinoma; KSCC, keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma. 
GOTERM (Over-expressed) Count P-Value Gene Symbol. 
BIOCARTA (Under-expressed) Count P-Value Gene Symbol. 
Compound Category Mode of Action Spindle Shape Formation. 
+ indicates <5 adhesive cells/field, ++ indicates <20 adhesive cells/field, +++ indicates >20 adhesive cells/field. 
? no spindle shape observed. 
previous study (Mochmann, et al., 2010 and Bock, et al., 2012). 
Compounds * GI50 values for 2.5 × 103 MDA-MB-231 (?mol/L) GI50 values for 2.5 × 103 MDA-MB-468 (?mol/L) GI50 values for 2.5 × 103 SKBR-3 (?mol/L). 
Note: Cells were treated with listed compound (0.1 nmol/L-100 ?mol/L) for 6 d and the GI50 values for the antiproliferative effects of the compounds were determined from dose response curves (by a nonlinear regression analysis using Graph Pad Prism). Data represents the results from six independent experiments for each cell line. 
For clarity, the structures of the compounds are presented below:. 
Gene symbol LIM1215 HCT116 SW403 SW480 HT29 RKO TCGA patients. 
Shown are non-silent mutation results from sequencing of known mutated regions in 46 cancer-related genes. SNPs reported by Cancer Genome Project are marked with asterisk (*), and H indicates homozygous mutations. The number of patients found in The Cancer Genome Atlas to harbor this particular mutation (in the order of appearance) is shown under TCGA patients. 
Half-maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) of 4548-G05 for inhibiting PTP1B. 
Liver microsomal stability screening. 
Disease Phenotype p66Shc+/+ p66Shc?/?. 
p66Shc knockout mice phenotypes. 
+++: high expression or production; ++: medium expression or production; +: moderate expression or production; ?: no expression. 
ROS source/disease miRNAs Tissue/organ Source Target Functions References. 
Modulated miRNAs in diabetic endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress. 
BMACs: bone marrow-derived angiogenic cells, ECs: endothelial cells, EFNA3: Ephrin A3, H2O2: hydrogen peroxide, mES: mouse embryonic stem, NO: nitric oxide, p66Shc: p66 isoform of ShcA protein, ROS: reactive oxygen species, Sema6A: semaphorin 6A, Suv39h1: suppressor of variegation 3-9 homolog 1 (Drosophila), TSP-1: thrombospondin-1, VSMCs: vascular smooth muscle cells, ZEB1: zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 1, and ZEB2: zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 2. 
Transporters Alternative name/s Short name/s NCBI symbols. 
Names and symbols of human importins and exportins. 
Transporters Organism Cells/Tissue Cargo (proteins) specific to each importin or exportin Reference. 
Specificity of different classes of importins/exportins in transporting cargo to and from the nucleus. 
Cell line Wnt activating lesion Levels of uncomplexed ?-catenin Level of TCF activity. 
Summary of Wnt pathway activating lesions, levels of uncomplexed ?-catenin, and TCF reporter activity in Wnt activated human gastric tumor cell lines. 
miRNA Effect on EMT Upstream regulator(s) Downstream target(s) Reference(s). 
NA, not available. 
miRNA Effect on metastasis Upstream regulator Downstream target(s) Cancer type(s) Reference(s). 
NA, not available. 
Control ( n = 9) Obese ( n = 9). 
Fetal and placental characteristics. 
Data are presented as mean ± SEM. ** P < 0.01, versus control (unpaired t ?test). 
Virus Viral protein Direct target Downstream# References. 
The target of viral proteins on modulators of autophagy. 
Note: *Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV), herpesvirus saimiri (HVS), molluscum contagiosum virus (MCV). 
#Downstream effect on autophagy resulted from the interaction of viral proteins with their direct targets. 
Clinical measures WHO (1998) [ 5 ] EGIR (1999) [ 6 ] ATPIII (2001) [ 7 ] AACE (2003) [ 8 ] IDF (2005) [ 9 ]. 
Diagnostic criteria proposed for the clinical diagnosis of the MetS. 
?aInsulin sensitivity measured under hyperinsulinemic euglycemic conditions, glucose uptake below lowest quartile for background population under investigation. 
bIn 2003, the American Diabetes Association (ADA) changed the criteria for IFG tolerance from >110?mg/dl to >100?mg/dl [ 10 ]. 
cIncludes family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovary syndrome, sedentary lifestyle, advancing age, and ethnic groups susceptible to type 2 diabetes mellitus. 
BMI: body mass index; HDL-C: high density lipoprotein cholesterol; IFG: impaired fasting glucose; IGT: impaired glucose tolerance; Rx: receiving treatment; TGs: triglycerides; T2DM: type 2 diabetes mellitus; WC: waist circumference. 
Country/ethnic group Waist circumference cut-off Male (cm) Female (cm). 
Gender and age-specific waist circumference cut-offs [ 1 ]. 
Systemic effects of MetS. 
Multidisciplinary approach to the MetS. 
Risk category LDL-C goals Recommendations. 
Goals for lowering LDL-C [ 173 ]. 
# PSM (phos) # PSM (non-phos) # PSM (phos + non-phos) # Unique peptides (phos) # unique peptides (Non-phos) # unique peptides (phos + non-phos) # phospho-sites Mascot + Sequest. 
Uniprot-ID Protein p-values log2 T/NT Function Role in cancer References. 
Log2 T/NT ratios of the non-phosphorylated peptides from each protein were used as surrogates to calculate the relative abundance of the respective proteins. Log2 T/NT ratios of the non-phosphorylated peptides were averaged over three arms of the workflow (IMAC, TiO2, Non-enrich). 
Gene Name a UniprotID Protein Name DV2/Mock Peps PEP Function. 
Shown is the gene name, Uniprot accession number, protein ratio in DENV-2 infected cells compared to mock infected cells, the number of peptides used for quantification, the PEP score and a description of the protein function). 
Gene Name a UniprotID Protein Name DV2/Mock Peps PEP Function. 
Shown is the gene name, Uniprot accession number, protein ratio in DENV-2 infected cells compared to mock infected cells, the number of peptides used for quantification, the PEP score and a description of the protein function). 
DENV-2 Protein Cytoplasmic fraction Nuclear fraction  peptide number a % coverage b peptide number % coverage. 
a number of individual peptides identified for each protein. 
b the number of amino acids covered compared to the total number of residues per protein. 
Nuclear a Cytoplasmic. 
a Proteins that showed a >2 or 1.5 fold change in abundance in DENV-2 infected A549 cells at 28 hours p.i. were analyzed for the presence of enriched groups of proteins and proteins involved in specific host pathways using DAVID. The functional descriptors for the 3 clusters of proteins that were most enriched for each category (with an EASE score greater than 1.3 (corresponding to a p value <0.05)) are shown with the corresponding EASE score. The two KEGG pathways that were most significantly enriched (with a p value <0.05) are also shown with the corresponding p value. 
Gene Name a Uniprot ID Protein Name MW (kDa) DV2/Mock Sequence coverage % Peps PEP. 
Shown is the gene name, Uniprot accession number, protein name and molecular mass, protein ratio in DENV-2 infected cells compared to mock infected cells, the peptide sequence coverage and number of peptides used for quantification, and the PEP score. 
NaN, one or more peptides corresponding to the proteins were identified but they were not used for quantitation,. 
ND, no peptides corresponding to the protein were identified. 
Viral Life Cycle Virus Protein Function Reference. 
Viruses and viral proteins (if known) that interact with the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway during different steps of the viral life cycle. 
Disease Diet Intake HR/OR/RR (95% CI) Highest vs . Lowest Reported Association Number of Pzarticipants Age (Years) Years of Follow Up Diet Assessment Method Reference. 
Summary of epidemiological studies investigating the association between dietary intake of heme iron and/or red meat with various diseases. 
HR, hazard ratio; OR, odds ratio; RR, relative risk; +, positive association; FFQ, food frequency questionnaire. 
No Indication Clinical setting Efficacy References. 
Summary of clinical application of rhIFN ? -2b. 
Compound Range of distances between H-bond acceptor functions [Å]. 
The energy was minimized using Chem3D Pro (Version 13.0.0.3015; Method: MM2). The ranges denote the distances measured in different conformers of similar energy. 
Compound Structure IC50 [µM] a   Dyrk1A Dyrk1B Dyrk2 CK2?. 
Given are mean values of at least two independent experiments, S.D. <10%. Compounds exhibiting an IC50 value below 1 µM towards Dyrk1A are marked by an asterisk. Percent values indicate the percentage of inhibition at 5 µM if not stated otherwise (other test concentrations are indicated in brackets). 
Name R IC50 [µM] a   Dyrk1A Dyrk1B Dyrk2 CK2?. 
See footnote of Table 2 . 
Name R IC50 [µM] a   Dyrk1A Dyrk1B Dyrk2 CK2?. 
See footnote of Table 2 . 
Compound Structure IC50 [µM] a   Dyrk1A Dyrk1B Dyrk2 CK2?. 
See footnote of Table 2 . 
Physicochemical property Experimental calculated. 
Calculation was performed using JChem for Excel (Version 6.0, 2013, ChemAxon Ltd., www.ChemAxon.com );. 
Calculation was performed using ACD/Percepta 2012 (ACD/Labs). 
Compound Half-life [min] Clblood b [mL/min/kg]. 
0.225 mg/mL protein, NADP+-regenerating system, [inhibitor]: 0.5 µM, incubation at 37°C, samples taken at 0, 15, 30, and 60, 90 min, determination of parent compound by MS. 
Clblood: estimated blood clearance in rats as calculated based on in vitro intrinsic clearance. The values are representative for two independent experiments that essentially gave the same results. 
Target gene mRNA 29 29 48 48  5 µM 10 µM 5 µM 10 µM. 
Values indicate fold up-regulation (positive numbers) or down-regulation (negative numbers) of mRNA expression, relative to DMSO–treated cells. Given are mean values of at least two independent experiments, n?=?3, ±S.D. 
Kinases  29 30 33 41 48 Harmine. 
Given are mean values of at least two independent experiments, S.D.<10%. 
Genotype Sex Body weight (g) Disease activity index. 
Tumor type Molecular status Studies. 
Summary of the involvement of LGR4 and LGR5 in different tumor entities. 
Abbreviation: LGR, leucine-rich repeat-containing G-protein-coupled receptor. 
Compound Pathway target Mechanism of action Status Source (if available). 
Name Marketed by Class Target First approved indication Reported mechanisms of action Approval year. 
Name Sponsor Class Target Indication Major mechanism Current status. 
Biomarker Diagnostic Prognostic Predictive Comment. 
Tissue biomarkers with current clinical or promising relevance in malignant glioma . 
+Current evidence based glioma biomarker . 
(+)Putative glioma biomarker under current investigation . 
TMZ, temozolomide; RT, radiotherapy; PFS, progression free survival; OS, overall survival; GBM, glioblastoma multiforme; AO, anaplastic olidogendroglioma; PA, pilocytic astrocytoma; PMA, pilomyxoid astrocytoma; PXA, pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma; GG, ganglioglioma; DIPG, diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma . 
Mutation Cell Line Mutant p53 Expression Reference. 
The Different GOF Roles of Mutant p53 in Cells. 
The different cellular processes in which mutant p53 has been shown to play a role are indicated. Literature was selected based on the following search criteria in Pubmed: “Mutant p53” and “Gain of Function” or “Mutant p53” and “acquired functions.” Only studies in which a clear gain of function effect was shown are included (i.e., mutant p53 compared to a p53 null in the same cell line). These comprise studies in which mutant p53 was overexpressed in a p53 null cell line and compared to a vector control, or studies in which endogenous mutant p53 was knocked down or knocked out compared to control cells. Studies describing the activity of mutant p53 in cells that express wild-type p53 are not included to avoid complications from possible dominant negative effects. Indicated are the different mutations, cell lines, endogenous expression, or stable/transient transfection, and the references. The studies in this table were manually selected from >400 publications and we apologize to those authors whose papers we have inadvertently missed. 
Increased (altered) migration comprises wound scratch assays, scattering, migration in three-dimensional culture conditions, and Boyden chamber migration (frequently referred to as transwell invasion without addition of a matrix such as Matrigel). 
Cells were depleted for endogenous wild-type p53 expression. 
These are T cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells and therefore increased hematological disease rather than promoted lung metastases. 
H1299 cells expressing p53 R175H promoted the angiogenesis of HUVEC cells. 
Gene Evidence for role in BCR–ABL1-driven leukemia Drug. 
BCR–ABL1 downstream and parallel pathways as drug targets . 
Brief summary of pathways implicated in leukemogenesis and resistance in BCR–ABL1-positive leukemia, as well as potential agents targeting the respective pathways. Superscript numbers and alphabets denote inhibitors of pathways in Figure 3 . TORC1/2: MTOR activates two major downstream complexes, TORC1 and TORC2, with distinct biological functions. Sirolimus (rapamycin), temsirolimus, and everolimus inhibit TORC1. Newer generation MTOR inhibitors that target both TORC1 and TORC2 are also currently in clinical trials. Italics : compounds in preclinical development . 
Domain Mutant Imatinib IC50 (nM) Dasatinib IC50 (nM) Nilotinib IC50 (nM) Ponatinib IC50 (nM). 
Activity (IC50) of imatinib, dasatinib, nilotinib, and ponatinib against selected BCR–ABL1 mutants . 
IC50 of imatinib, dasatinib, and nilotinib was determined side by side in Ba/F3 cells transfected with the indicated BCR–ABL1 mutants ( 245 ) and fairly consistent with previously reported IC50 values in single-agent studies [reviewed in Ref. ( 246 )]. IC50 values for ponatinib were obtained in a separate experiment ( 247 ), therefore, direct comparison should be undertaken with caution ( italics ). However, the overall lower IC50 and preserved activity against a wide spectrum of BCR–ABL1 mutations, including T315I, can be appreciated . 
Identifier Title Phase Study group Age (years) Backbone HSCT TKI duration. 
Selected open clinical trials (clinicaltrials.gov) investigating dasatinib and nilotinib for Ph + ALL . 
AIEOP, Associazione Italiana di Ematologia Pediatrica (Italy); BFM, Berlin–Frankfurt–Münster (Germany); CALGB, Cancer and Leukemia Group B (USA); ECOG, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (USA); SWOG, Southwest Oncology Group (USA); GMALL, German Multicenter ALL Working Group (Germany); NCI, National Cancer Institute (USA), Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Korea; University Health Network, Toronto, ON, Canada; MRD, minimal residual disease . 
Total protein Phosphorylation Immunostaining Localization. 
Total protein Phosphorylation Immunostaining Localization. 
Total protein Phosphorylation Immunostaining Localization. 
Total protein Phosphorylation Immunostaining Localization. 
Symbol Name REFSEQ Adjusted p-Value Fold Change Direction. 
Gene Primers Sequencing primer No. of CpGs Annealing temperature (°C). 
F, forward; R, reverse. 
Cell line Treatment condition SF2 ? ?. 
? and ? are experimentally derived parameters for LQ formula; SF2 indicates the survival rate after irradiation with 2 Gy. ** p <0.01 (Student’s t -test , 5-azaC vs. untreated cells). 
Gene methylated Cancer Ref. 
Apoptosis related genes are frequently methylated in tumors. Percentage of methylated tumors is indicated in brackets for significant histochemical studies. 
  Syntenin (+) Syntenin (?)  . 
Frequencies of syntenin expression are compared between small cell carcinoma and carcinoid. 
Frequencies of syntenin expression are compared between small cell carcinoma and neuroblastoma. 
Gene Species NCBI accession # PCR purpose Primer sequence. 
    Leptin ICAM-1 Parameters No. of patients ?/+ ++/+++ P- value ?/+ ++/+++ P- value. 
* P <0.05; ** P <0.01. 
Phenotype 3 ?M 5 ?M 7 ?M 10 ?M. 
Six steps of associations among endoxifen sensitivity, SNP genotype, mRNA and miRNA expressions were conducted sequentially for 4 endoxifen treatment concentrations independently . Step 1 , the association between the phenotypes of endoxifen sensitivity and ?13,000 gene/transcript cluster expressions; step 2 , the association between the phenotypes of endoxifen sensitivity and 201 miRNA expressions; step 3 , the negative correlation between mRNA and miRNA expressions from step 1 and step 2; step 4 , the association between mRNA expressions from step 3 and SNP genotypes; step 5 , the association between miRNA expression from step 3 and SNP genotypes from step 4; step 6 , the association of SNP genotypes from step 5 and the phenotypes of endoxifen sensitivity. The final associations are the SNP genotypes, mRNA and miRNA expressions from the step 6 that correlate with endoxifen sensitivity but also associate each other. Numbers of identified biomarkers were indicated in each step for each phenotype. “3, 5, 7 and 10 ?M” represent phenotypes of the 4 concentrations of endoxifen treatment. “Pheno” represents the phenotypes of endoxifen sensitivity. 
SNP miRNAs genes p-S1 p-S2 p-S3 p-S4 p-S5 p-S6    YRI CEU YRI CEU YRI CEU YRI CEU YRI CEU YRI CEU. 
p-S1, p-S2, p-S3, p-S4, p-S5 and p-S6 are short for p-values of each step, from step 1 to step 6. Step 1, the association between the phenotypes of endoxifen sensitivity and ?13,000 gene/transcript cluster expressions; step 2, the association between the phenotypes of endoxifen sensitivity and 201 miRNA expressions; step 3, the negative correlation between mRNA and miRNA expressions from step 1 and step 2; step 4, the association between mRNA expressions from step 3 and SNP genotypes; step 5, the association between miRNA expression from step 3 and SNP genotypes from step 4; step 6, the association of SNP genotypes from step 5 and the phenotypes of endoxifen sensitivity. NS, not significant at p<0.05 threshold. 
Clinical parameter No. (%). 
TNM, tumor-node-metastasis. 
UBE2C  Variable No. of samples Negative, no. (%) Positive, no. (%) P -value b. 
Mammography diagnosis of non-microcalcification (Non-MC) and microcalcification (MC) tissue. The MC results were further analyzed by age, Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (BI-RADS) category, pathology type and cancer stage. 
determined by Fisher's exact test, except BI-RAD, which was analyzed by chi-square test. 
DCIS/LCIS, ductal carcinoma in situ /lobular carcinoma in situ; IDC, invasive ductal carcinoma. 
UBE2C fold induction (MC/non-MC)  Pathology type No. of samples ?2-fold, no. (%) <2-fold, no. (%) P -value a. 
Two-sided P -value by Fisher's exact test. 
UBE2C fold induction (MC/non-MC) a  Parameter No. of samples ?9-fold, no. (%) <9-fold, no. (%) P -value b. 
Receiver-operating characteristic curve determined nine-fold induction of UBE2C mRNA level as the cut-off showing 52.9% sensitivity and 66.7% specificity. 
Two-sided P -value by Fisher exact test. 
Patients with malignant breast cancer. 
Tumor size typing of IDC. 
Category 1 Category 2 Category 3. 
Juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia diagnostic criteria a . 
Splenomegaly b. 
Absolute monocyte count (AMC) >1000/?L. 
Blasts in PB/BM <20%. 
Absence of the t(9;22) BCR/ABL fusion gene. 
Somatic mutation in RAS or PTPN11. 
Clinical diagnosis of NF1 or NF1 gene mutation. 
Homozygous mutation in CBL. 
Monosomy 7. 
Circulating myeloid precursors. 
WBC >10,000/?L. 
Increased fetal hemoglobin (Hgb F) for age. 
Clonal cytogenetic abnormality excluding monosomy 7. 
GM-CSF hypersensitivity. 
The diagnosis of JMML is made if a patient meets all of the Category 1 criteria and one of the Category 2 criteria without needing to meet the Category 3 criteria. If there are no Category 2 criteria met, then the Category 3 criteria must be met . 
aModified from Chan et al. ( 5 ) . 
bFor 7–10% of patients without splenomegaly, the diagnostic criteria must include all other features in Category 1 and one of the parameters in Category 2, or no features in Category 2 but two features in Category 3 . 
EWOG/EBMT EUROCORD/CIBMTR UK Europe Japan Conclusion. 
Juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia high-risk features . 
aPatients with >20% blasts at HCT not included . 
bAML-like gene-expression profile is highest-risk . 
cDNA hypermethylation is also high-risk ( 44 ) . 
EMT marker Function CRPC Refs. 
EMT markers, cancer stem cell markers and signaling pathways involved in EMT and CSC in prostate cancer, especially in castration-resistant prostate cancer. 
Features No. of cases PAK2 expression P pSer20PAK2 P High (%) Low (%) High (%) Low (%). 
Correlations of PAK2 and pSer20PAK2 expression with the clinicopathological features of primary gastric cancer. 
Note: ‘NS’ refers to ‘no significant’. 
Independent factors Univariate P Multivariate P Hazard ratio 95 % confidence interval. 
Univariate and multivariate analyses of prognostic factors in gastric cancer. 
Note: ‘NS’ refers to ‘no significant’. 
Gene name Primer 5?-3?. 
Primer for RT-PCR. 
Spot No. MOWSE score Accession No. Protein name abbreviation Protein name Theoretical Mr (kDa)/p I Observed Mr (kDa)/p I Matching peptides Sequence coverage (%) Change direction. 
Identified proteins. The spot number, MOWSE score, UniProt database accession number, and protein name abbreviation are shown, followed by the theoretical and observed molecular mass ( Mr ) and isoelectric point (p I ). The number of matching peptides and sequence coverage were calculated using Biotools™ software. The direction of the change in protein expression is also indicated. 
Year Tumor experimental model Animal model Reference. 
Some of the most relevant papers describing the use of RSV on animal experimental models of solid tumors. 
Year Tumor experimental model Animal model Reference. 
Some of the most relevant papers concerning in vivo challenges of hematological tumors with RSV. 
Adenomas Carcinomas Mean Age (years) 66.5?±?10.2 Mean Age (years) 66.1?±?12   Number (n)   Number (n). 
Characteristics of adenomas and carcinomas. 
EGFR mutation Test Hamartin P-mTOR. 
Correlation of hamartin and p-mTOR with expression data concerning phosphorylated epidermal growth factor receptor in adenocarcinoma. 
aCorrelation is significant at the 0.01 level (2-tailed). 
bCorrelation is significant at the 0.05 level (2-tailed). 
  EGFR sequence alterations Immunohistochemical analysis No. EGFR mutation Mutation Exon TSC1 P-TSC2 P-mTOR. 
Staining of AC with established EGFR mutation status. 
Characteristic N %. 
Patients’ characteristics N = 166. 
Maspin localization Number of cases. 
Maspin localization in patients’ specimens. 
Maspin staining intensity Cytoplasm Nucleus. 
Maspin intensity of staining. 
T80 Cell Line Genotype * Tumor Incidence P-value ** (s.c.) (i.p.) (i.b.). 
Ectopic overexpression. 
Compared to Mock of the same type of implantation; s.c., Tumor cells were implanted by subcutaneous injection; i.p., Tumor cells were implanted by intraperitoneal injection; i.b., Tumor cells were implanted by intrabursal injection; NT, not tested. All raw exact-p values were adjusted by Bonferroi correction;. 
Feature AUC CA F1-score Precision Recall. 
Analysis of the prediction performance of individual features. 
For each line the metrics are obtained by considering only that cluster of features on the classifier. AUC , area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve; CA , classification accuracy. 
Feature AUC CA F1-score Precision Recall. 
Analysis of the contribution to the overall performance of individual cluster of features. 
For each line the metrics are obtained by removing that cluster of features from the classifier. AUC , area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve; CA , classification accuracy. 
  Training data Classification   #Interactions % of total #Interactions % of total. 
Relative coverage of protein-protein interactions present in the training and test data by individual feature clusters. 
GO , gene ontology; COGs , clusters of orthologous groups; DDIs , domain-domain interactions. 
S.No MiR Expression pattern Regulators of miR Phenotype Reported pathophysiological roles Reported/proposed role of miR in DHD miR targets Type of models studied References. 
Pathophysiological role of cardiovascular miRs in heart diseases. 
S.No Type of patients Study cohort Source of miR isolation Most differentially expressed miRs Method of analysis Major findings References. 
Overview of clinical studies showing differentially expressed circulating miRs in diabetic patients. 
Reference Cell-type Regulator Drp1 phosphorylation site Effect. 
Post-translational modification of Drp1 by phosphorylation. 
Study Fusion protein Murine model Mitochondrial morphology (TEM) MPTP susceptibility IRI sensitivity Other effect. 
Effect of ablating the mitochondrial fusion proteins in the adult heart. 
Number Name of phytochemicals Rich source Concerned pathways in skin cancer References. 
Cytokine receptor Associated JAK(s). 
Cytokine activation of janus kinases (JAKs). 
Abbreviations: GM-CSF: granulocyte monocyte colony stimulating factor; EPO: erythropoietin; TPO: thrombopoietin. 
Name Induced and/or Inhibits signalling by Associates with. 
SOCS family members associate with a variety of signalling proteins and inhibit signalling by many cytokines. 
Abbreviations: R: receptor; PKC: protein kinase C; OSM: oncostatin M; Tpo: thrombopoietin; BFGF: basic fibroblast growth factor; CNTF: ciliary neurotrophic factor; CT1: cardiotrophin-1; TSLP: thymic stromal lymphopoietin; TCR: T cell receptor; INS: insulin; SCF: stem cell factor. 
Gene Knockout phenotype Transgenic phenotype Main affected cytokines Reference. 
In vivo disorders resulting from SOCS proteins manipulation. 
Functional module Protein symbol. 
Enriched functional modules for pathogenic mechanisms in C. albicans and the corresponding significant proteins shown in Figure 2 during the host-pathogen interaction. 
This table lists four of the functional modules considered to be significant in C. albicans pathogenesis and the corresponding proteins with associated GO annotation. 
Functional module Protein symbol. 
Enriched functional modules for defensive mechanisms in zebrafish and the corresponding significant proteins shown in Figure 4 during the host-pathogen interaction. 
The table lists five of the functional modules considered to be essential in the C. albicans -zebrafish interaction and the corresponding proteins with associated GO annotation. 
Formulation Particle size ( d .nm) ± SD PdI Z-Pot (mV) ± SD. 
Effect of pH on the particle size and zeta potential of the phosphatidylcholine nanoparticles. 
d .nm: diameter expressed in nm; PdI: polidispersion index. 
Phosphatidylcholine (PC) nanoparticles were prepared in pH 5.0 and pH 7.0 buffers and analyzed by Dynamic Light Scattering (DLS). The size and zeta potential of the particles were measured and reported as mean ± S.E.M. ( n = 4). 
  miRNA Target Function. 
Selected miRNA and their cognate gene targets relevant to HCV infection. 
Abbreviations : UTR Un-translated region, SOCS3 suppressor of cytokine signaling 3, ISRE interferon stimulated responsive element, Xrn1 exoribonuclease enzyme, DLC-1 deleted in liver cancer 1, IFITM interferon inducible transmembrane protein, IRAK1 interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase 1, MyD88 myeloid differentiation factor 88, BACH1 transcription regulator protein, ISGs interferon stimulated genes. 
List of oncogenic and tumor suppressive miRNAs deregulated in hepatocellular carcinoma. 
Deregulated miRNA in hepatocellular carcinoma. 
Abbreviations : PTEN phosphatase and tensin homolog, SPRY2 sprouty 2, PDCD4 programmed cell death protein 4, RHOB ras homolog gene family, member B, CDKN1B cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B, CDKN1C cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1C, BMF BCL-2 modifying factor, PPP2R2A protein-coding, protein phosphatase 2A subunit B, HSP-27 heat shock protein 27, GNAI2 galphai2, ADAM17 A disintegrin and metalloprotease 17, BCL-2 B cell lymphoma 2, MCL-1 myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1, FOS v-fos FBJ murine osteosarcoma viral oncogene homolog, ROCK2 rho kinase 2, COL1A2 collagen type I alpha2. 
Mouse ID Vector Latency (days) Peripheral WBC/µl (×103) Immunophenotype by flow cytometry a b Immuno-histochemistry Pathology. 
Features of the murine ETP-ALLs observed in transplanted recipients. 
IC-Cd3? Intracytoplasmic Cd3, Mpo-myeloperoxidase, TdT-terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase. 
Where present, the spleen, thymus, BM, and peripheral blood were immunophenotyped. All tissues were tested for Cd4, Cd8, B220, Cd3, and Cd25. All tumor samples were positive for Cd44. 
In the majority of cases where IHC was performed, the samples were tested for Mpo, cKit/Cd117, Cd43, RUNX1, Cd3, Cd5, TdT, Gata-1, B220, Pax5, and Cd34. The markers that had positive reactivity are indicated in the text. 
These animals contained two distinct populations in their spleen, which could be distinguished by immunohistochemistry as indicated in the text. 
Secondary transplant Rag2?/?, ?C?/? recipients that received vector-positive thymocytes from a WT C57BL/6J animal that had been transplanted with 2 × 105 Lmo2, Arf ?/?, and DN2 thymocytes 21 wk before sacrifice. 
Cell dose Number of animals presented with leukemia Number of animals per group. 
Tumor initiating cell frequency. 
Mutation a Macrocephaly b Cancer c Domain Activity d Notes e. 
ASD-associated missense mutations . 
Data from Rodríguez-Escudero et al. ( 2011 ), Hobert et al. ( 2014 ), Klein et al. ( 2013 ), Butler et al. ( 2005 ), Orrico et al. ( 2009 ), McBride et al. ( 2010 ), Varga et al. ( 2009 ), Buxbaum et al. ( 2007 ). Truncations R130X, L139X, Y178X, R335X, and R355X that presumably correspond to unstable/non-functional proteins are not included in the table . 
Association with macrocephaly . 
Occurrence as somatic mutation in cancers (COSMIC database) . 
Activity in the yeast system (Rodríguez-Escudero et al., 2011 – means no activity, +++ means full activity compared to wild type PTEN) . 
Association with PHTS is indicated (PS, Proteus Syndrome; CS, Cowden Syndrome), as well as the catalytic or structural significance . 
  Experimental system Approach Key proteins. 
Highlights from proteomic studies of the tumor microenvironment. 
Some studies have focused on the ECM, others on tumor-stroma interactions and on immune cells infiltrating the tumor microenvironment. These studies have utilized various experimental systems applied to different tumor types. Some of the key proteins that have been found to be involved are highlighted, illustrating the numerous protein families that play a role in the tumor microenvironment. Abbreviations: CXCL1, interferon-inducible protein-1; DBF4, activator of S-phase kinase 4; GRK6, G-protein coupled receptor kinase 6; FAK, focal adhesion kinase; hsp90?, heat shock protein 90?; IGFBP5, insulin growth factor binding protein 5; IL-18, interleukin-18; IL1B, interleukin1B; MIP-1d, macrophage inflammatory protein-1d; MIP-3a, macrophage inflammatory protein-3a; MMP7, matrix metalloproteinase 7; NAP-2, neutrophil-activating peptide-2; PAK2, SPARC, secreted protein, acidic, cysteine rich; TME, tumor microenvironment. 
Radionuclide Half-life Main types of decay (probability) b Emax (MeV) Production. 
Diagnostic and therapeutic radionuclides for labeling of cetuximab conjugates a. 
a data from LNHB: http://www.nucleide.org/DDEP_WG/DDEPdata.htm [ 49 ]; b specification of the main transitions; c data from Lubberink Herzog 2011 [ 50 ]; EC electron capture; IC internal conversion. 
Radionuclide Chelator Tumor type Application Tumor uptake Tumor/muscle ratio Liver uptake Reference (%ID/g, 24 h post-injection). 
Radiolabeled cetuximab conjugates studied in tumor-bearing mice. 
Df desferrioxamine chelating unit; EC ethylenedicysteine; h human; m murine; GB glioblastoma; CRC colorectal carcinoma; A431 human epidermoid carcinoma; BC breast carcinoma; PC prostate carcinoma; CRC colorectal carcinoma; CC cervical cancer; M melanoma (MDA-MB-435); HNSCC head and neck squamous cell carcinoma; UMSCC22B cells of the lymph node the oropharynx; UMSCC1 cells of the oral cavity; OC ovarian carcinoma; PancC pancreas carcinoma; FaDu hypopharyngeal carcinoma cell line; a 20 h after radiotracer injection; b 36 h after radiotracer injection; c %ID/mL tumor PET analysis; d tumor to background (pelvic); e different equivalents of the dye IRDye800CW; f 48 h after radiotracer injection; g value from two different types of h CRC xenografts. 
Objective Data Method Description. 
Methods for detecting somatic mutations. 
CNA, copy number aberration; SNV, single-nucleotide variant; SV, structural variant. 
A representative list of software available for the detection of somatic mutations from high-throughput sequencing data of cancer genomes. Some methods detect more than one type of mutation but are listed only once for clarity. 
Objective Data Method Description. 
Methods for prediction of driver mutations and genes. 
CNA, copy number aberration; SNV, single-nucleotide variant. 
A representative list of software available to predict driver mutations or genes by detecting their recurrence across multiple samples, functional impact, or interactions with other mutations in pathways or combinations. Some methods fall into multiple categories but are listed only once for clarity. 
Nucleotide change Amino acid change BRCA status. 
Somatic PIK3CA mutations in familial male breast cancer. 
PIK3CA Mutation ( n = 6) PIK3CA Wild type ( n = 51) P -value. 
Correlation of PIK3CA mutation status with clinicopathological parameters. 
P -values < 0.05 in bold text. 
4EBP1 pS6 pAKT  Cytoplasmic Nuclear Cytoplasmic Nuclear  Present Absent P -value Present Absent P -value High Low P -value High Low P -value. 
Correlation of p4EBP1, pS6 and pAKT immunohistochemistry with BRCA status and clinicopathological factors. 
Male Breast Cancer Female Breast Cancer  Current Study Benvenuti S et al . [ 20 ] Benvenuti S et al . [ 20 ] Buttitta F et al . [ 14 ] Campbell IG et al . [ 3 ] Saal H et al . [ 16 ]. 
Comparison of PIK3CA mutation studies in male and female breast cancer. 
P -values < 0.05 in bold text. 
Method Execution time Sample input Cost Advantages Disadvantages. 
Major platforms for microRNA profiling. 
miRNA, microRNA; qPCR, quantitative polymerase chain reaction. 
MicroRNA Oncogene or tumor suppressor Cancer types Key targets (and their functions). 
MicroRNAs commonly affected in cancer and their targets. 
BCL, B-cell lymphoma; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; OG, oncogene; TS, tumor suppressor. 
  MMTV-PyV mT/MMTV-Cre recombinase MMTV-rtTA/TetO-MIC (rtTA/MIC [+Dox]). 
Comparison of features between the constitutive MMTV-PyV mT/MMTV-Cre recombinase model and the inducible MMTV-rtTA/TetO-MIC model. 
Tumor type Subtype Grade Histology Location Prevalent age group Therapy Prognosis. 
Classification of pediatric and adult brain tumors. 
DIPG, diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma. 
Mutation/alterations Frequency of alteration in adult patients Frequency of alteration in pediatric patients Type of alteration Gene function. 
The genomic landscape of adult and pediatric high-grade gliomas. 
FGF, fibroblast growth factor; GOF, gain of function; LOF, loss of function; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase. 
Effect on    Element treatment/SNPs Wnt signaling Results Conclusions. 
Overview of the roles of various elements of the Wnt signaling pathway in osteoarthritis development, as demonstrated by human genetic studies or animal models. 
LEF, lymphoid enhancing factor; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; OA, osteoarthritis; RA, rheumatoid arthritis. 
Prey Groups Zebrafish Prey genes (GenBank accession number) Human Homolog Baits PBS * Preys Binding region (frequency). 
Notes. Baits I: Mib-C-RF123a (783–1029 amino acid); II: Mib2-C-RF12 (781–999 amino acid). 
*PBS (Predicted Biological Score): A?=?very high confidence in the interaction, B?=?high confidence in the interaction, C?=?good confidence in the interaction, D?=?moderate confidence in the interaction. The association of Mib/Mib2 and two of the preys (Usp5 and Usp9) were chosen for further investigation by co-immunoprecipitation (Co-IP). Preys that have or do not have physical interaction with Mib/Mib2 in Co-IP assay are in bold and italic fonts, respectively. 
Prey Groups Zebrafish Prey genes (GenBank accession number) Human Homolog Baits Preys Binding region (frequency). 
Notes. Baits III: Mib-M-Ank (454–785 amino acid); IV: Mib-C-RF123b (789–1030 amino acid); V: Mib-ZnF+Ank (74–785 amino acid). The association of Mib and five of the preys (Usp1, Trabid, Zath-1, Fih-1 and Hsc70) were chosen for further investigation by co-immunoprecipitation (Co-IP). Preys that have and do not have physical interaction with Mib in Co-IP assay are in bold and italic fonts, respectively. 
Interacting protein Mib/Mib2 Method Effects on interacting proteins Function Reference. 
exon cDNA SNP genomic position (build hg 19; chr 2) heterozygote individuals. 
Species and Gene GenBank Accession Melting Peak (°C). 
Species Comparison Species Base Pair Identities ( BDNF mRNA) Gaps. 
Species Comparison Species Amino Acid Identities (BDNF Protein) Gaps. 
Species Comparison Species Base Pair Identities ( Ntrk2 mRNA) Gaps. 
Species Comparison Species Amino Acid Identities (Ntrk2 Protein) Gaps. 
Accession Mass Score Description Queries matched. 
Class Substrate Substrate/MMP-9 source [Refs]. 
Update of Gelatinase B/MMP-9 substrates. Substrates (sub) and MMP-9 origins are provided: human (hu), mouse (mu), bovine (bo) and rabbit (ra). 
Tumor type Cells of origin Prevalence (% of total thyroid cancers) Frequently detected genetic/epigenetic alterations Frequently detected aberrant pathway signaling. 
Molecular alterations detected in different thyroid tumor types *. 
* This table was generated based on the reviews [ 1 , 10 , 11 ] and research articles [ 6 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 ]. For further details, refer to the cited reports. Abbreviations used are ALK, anaplastic lymphoma kinase; CTNNB1, cadherin-associated protein ?1; EGFR; epithelial growth factor receptor; IDH, isocitrate dehydrogenase; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; PAX8, paired box 8; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; PIK3CA, phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase, catalytic subunit ?; PPAR?, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; RASAL1, Ras protein activator like 1; RET, RE arranged in T ransformation; RET/PTC, RET/papillary thyroid carcinoma. 
Peptide Name Sequence. 
CD44 sequence and (glyco)peptides derived from the stem region. 
T* = Thr(?-D-GalNAc), S* = Ser(?-D-GalNAc), and N* = Asn(?-D-GalNAc). 
Inhibitor IC50 (?M) Reference. 
Inhibitors of MT1-MMP catalytic activities. 
Substrate KM (?M) kcat (s?1) kcat/KM (s?1M?1) Reference. 
Kinetic parameters for substrate hydrolysis by soluble MT1-MMP. 
Up-regulated Cancer Type Patient Phenotype Ref. 
Changes in flotillin expression in human cancers. 
Gene Mutation type Mutation frequency Consequence of mutation Prognostic implications Initiating lesion. 
Key genetic mutations thought to have implications for prognosis in AML. The genetic mutations included in the table are reviewed below. Table compiled with information from [ 29 , 32 , 35 , 39 , 50 , 52 , 58 , 61 , 66 , 67 , 73 , 76 , 80 , 86 – 96 ]. 
*LOF: loss of function. 
Origin of cancer tissue Cell lines. 
Cancer cell lines subjected to miRNA expression analyses. 
miRNA P-value Up/down. 
microRNAs associated with paclitaxel sensitivity. 
Positive correlation, up; negative correlation, down. 
P-value Objects/networks. 
miR-367/miR-30a-5p target gene-involved pathways (P<0.0001). 
Cell Line Mutational Status PP242 (?M) KRAS PIK3CA bRAF. 
KRAS and PIK3CA mutations modulate sensitivity to mTOR inhibition. 
gene Control MI EA MI/Control EA/MI. 
Phytochemical class Description Reference. 
The different classes of phytochemicals. 
OMIM Syndrome Prevalence (/100.000) Tumors Etiology Heredity. 
Main genetic developmental syndromes with increased risk to develop cancer. 
Prevalence obtained from: Orphanet Report Series - Prevalence of rare diseases: Bibliographic data - November 2013 - Number 1. 
Prevalence at birth. 
miRNAs Effects Références. 
              SNR ligand receptor PDB ID box vol. (Å3) Pop (S&W) # Lig Tors RMSD (Å) no filter affinity filter. 
Selected protein–ligand complexes from the protein databank were used to illustrate the ability of LIBSA to identify the active site and ligand pose. SNR values were calculated with the affinity filter and without any filter. The AutoDock ligand population size (Pop), probability of performing a Solis and Wets (S&W) local energy minimization, rotatable bonds in the ligand (Lig. Tors), volume of the search box, and the lowest docked RMSD relative to the crystal pose are listed. Kin. = kinase, Pr. = protease. 
ligand receptor structure box vol. (Å3) Pop (S&W) #Lig. Tors SNR. 
Because the available Ras ligands are reportedly nonspecific for the highly homologous Ras isoforms, 27 , 28 for a stringent test of LIBSA we docked ligands solved with the K-Ras isoform on two PDB and an MD apo structure of H-Ras. These structures were chosen because they possess a visually discernible pocket that is similar to that in the ligand-bound K-Ras PDB structures 4DSU, 4EPT, or 4EPW. 
    SNR ligand Ras cluster p1 p2 p3a p3b. 
Receptor clusters were defined using K-means clustering based on principal components (see text). SNR scores were calculated after applying high-pass filter to the raw data. Based on the definition of SNR (eq 2 ) and the benchmark data in Tables 1 and 2 , SNR ? 1.0 (highlighted in bold) implies high preference for a given pocket, 0 < SNR < 1.0 (bold-italic) moderate preference and SNR ? 0.0 not favored. 
The data represent quantification of the ability of closely related ligand pairs to target a given pocket on the same set of Ras conformers, calculated as the ratio between the number of Ras conformers targeted by both ligands and the total number of conformers targeted by either ligand. Upper triangle: pocket p1, lower triangle: pocket p3a. 
Mouse strain; RCAS vectors delivered # of mice injected # of sarcomas at injection site (median latency) # of sarcomas at a distant site (median latency). 
Pulmonary sarcoma occurred in 12% of the affected mice. 
RCAS Vector Detected p16/p19 ?/? xN-tva (n?=?22) p16/p19 ?/? xBKE (n?=?14) p16/p19 ?/? xAKE (n?=?16)   Limb (n?=?14) Lung (n?=?1) Limb (n?=?14) Lung (n?=?5). 
Gene anchored PCR was performed to detect presence of RCAS DNA within harvested tumor specimens. 
No RCAS DNA was detected in spontaneous tumors that arose in mice with p16/p19- deficiency only. 
Therapeutic agents listed in review. 
Type of cancer Up-regulated Down-regulated Target Reference. 
Alterations in multiple miRNAs among ovarian cancer . 
Drugs Other names Group Types of diseases. 
Epigenetic drugs in gynecological cancer trials . 
miRNAs Trend in resistance Target genes Resisted drugs References. 
miRNAs involved in chemoresistance . 
Total, N (%) ADCA, N (%) SCC, N (%) Men, N (%) Women, N (%). 
Gene copy number of INPP4B , expression of INPP4B, pAkt, PDPK1 and PTEN, mutations of PIK3CA , PTEN, KRAS, BRAF as well as IRS-1 G972R genotypes in relation to NSCLC subtype (ADCA and SCC) and gender. 
ADCA, adenocarcinoma; N, number of individuals; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; wt, wildtype. Statistically significant associations in bold. 
P -value for trend. 
Fisher's exact test. 
Gene Exon Nucleotide Codon Domain No. of patients. 
Summary of PIK3CA, PTEN, KRAS, and BRAF mutations. 
Cases N , (%) Controls N , (%) OR 95% CI P -value. 
Genotype and allele frequencies of IRS-1 G972R for cases and controls. 
CI, confidence interval; N, number of individuals; NA, non applicable; OR, odds ratio. 
Subtype, N (%) IRS-1 G972R, N (%) KRAS/BRAF , N (%)  ADCA SCC wt Het wt Mut. 
NSCLC subtype (ADCA and SCC), IRS-1 G972R genotype and KRAS / BRAF mutations in relation to a normal or altered PI3K pathway. 
ADCA, adenocarcinoma; het, heterozygous; mut, mutated; N, number of individuals; NA, non applicable; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; wt, wildtype. Statistically significant associations in bold. 
Fisher's exact test. 
Normal is defined as having following; wildtype PIK3CA , wildtype PTEN , PTEN, two or more copies of INPP4B as well as low expression of pAkt (?/+). 
Altered is defined as having one of following; mutated PIK3CA , mutated PTEN , loss of PTEN, loss of heterozygosity of INPP4B, and/or increased expression of pAkt (++/+++). 
Name Sequence Reference. 
Primary structure of various mammalian natriuretic peptides. 
Parameter Control group ACS group. 
Values are means±SD. * P <0.01 compared with the control group. ACS, acute coronary syndrome; LDL-C, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; HDL-C, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; hsCRP, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Data are presented here after log transformation of hsCRP levels (for nonparametric results). 
Parameter Control group ACS group. 
Values are means±SD. * P <0.001 compared with the control group. ACS, acute coronary syndrome; PON1 activity was normalized to mg protein; HII, HDL inflammatory index. 
SwissProt ID Protein name Spot Ratio Protein Score Peptidic species Count MW (kDa) PI. 
ACS denotes acute coronary syndrome. Ratio denotes a ratio of HDL3-associated proteins from the ACS group to HDL3-associated proteins from controls. MW denotes molecular weight. pI denotes isoelectric point. 
SwissProt ID Protein name Spot Ratio Protein Score Peptidic species Count MW (kDa) PI. 
ACS denotes acute coronary syndrome. Ratio denotes a ratio of HDL3-associated proteins from the ACS group to HDL3-associated proteins from controls. MW denotes molecular weight. pI denotes isoelectric point. 
OV DAMP/PAMP Receptor Type of cell death Immunological functions Reference. 
Oncolytic viruses lead to specific mode of immunogenic cell death and exposure/release of DAMPs/PAMPs . 
Virus Gene Type of action Mechanism of action Reference. 
Examples of viruses and viral genes modulating apoptosis, autophagy, and necroptosis . 
AI, apoptosis inhibitor; AS, apoptosis stimulator; NI, necroptosis inhibitor; ATI, autophagy inhibitor; ATS, autophagy stimulator . 
Reference Drug Phase N Tumor type RR% SD% mPFS, months. 
Main studies in advanced thyroid cancer with targeted therapies. 
Abbreviations: NR, not reported or not reached; R, retrospective study. 
>6 m. 
sporadic. 
hereditary. 
results given for the DTC group. 
patients with 2-deoxy-2-[18F]fluoro-D-glucose positron emission tomography-avid thyroid cancers. 
TKR IC50 (nmol/L) Motesanib Axitinib Sorafenib Sunitinib Pazopanib Vandetanib Cabozantinib Lenvatinib. 
Profile of tyrosine kinase inhibitors in development 57. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; FGFR, fibroblast growth factor receptor; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; TKR, tyrosine kinase receptor; RET, rearranged during transfection tyrosine kinase receptor. 
DECISION SELECT. 
Differences in study design between DECISION trial (sorafenib versus placebo) and SELECT trial (lenvatinib versus placebo) in patients with progressive radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid carcinoma. 
Note: Both are double-blind, randomized, multicenter Phase III trials. 
Abbreviations: ORR, objective response rate; OS, overall survival; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; PFS, progression-free survival; RECIST, Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors. 
Approach Principle Biological model Author, year. 
FCS: Fœtal calf serum; EGF: Epidermal growth factor; FGF: Fibroblast growth factor. 
Condition Biological replicate Age (years) Death/retrieval time (hours) Storage time (days). 
Values were expressed as median (min-max). 
Assay ID NCBI Gene Reference Gene Symbol Gene Name Target Exons Amplicon Length. 
OVEREXPRESSION UNDEREXPRESSION  Gene symbol Gene title Fold change Gene symbol Gene title Fold change. 
  Control samples AAH samples SCD samples (n?=?200) (n?=?100) (n?=?100). 
Diagnostic accuracies using the two classifiers in the validation test. 
  AAH samples AAH/BAC samples SCD samples SCD/CIS samples (n?=?61) (n?=?39) (n?=?58) (n?=?42). 
The accuracies of the classifiers in detection of stage 0 NSCLC. 
Identities of 9 selected phage proteins for AAH classifier construction and 13 phage proteins for SCD classifier construction. 
*Proteins with known malignant association. #Proteins are also present in AAH classifier. 
  Control training Disease training Control validation Disease validation set No (%) set No (%) set N (%) set No (%). 
Demographic and histopathologic data for serum samples. 
  Cases, n (%) ( n =952) Controls, n (%) ( n =892) P -value. 
Abbreviations: IQR=interquartile range; PUNLMP=papillary urothelial neoplam of low malignant potential; Tis=flat carcinoma in situ (CIS). 
Mann–Whitney U -test's P -value. 
?2-test's P -value. 
LINE-1 methylation (tertiles) Cases, n Controls, n Crude OR 95% CI P -value. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; OR=odds ratio. 
Model adjusted for age, sex, region and smoking status. 
rs2124344[CC], PEMT, intron rs2124344 [CT-TT], PEMT, intron LINE-1 methylation (tertiles) Cases Controls OR 95% CI P LINE-1 methylation (tertiles) Cases Controls OR 95% CI P P interaction a Corrected P interaction b. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; OR=odds ratio; UTR=untranslated region. 
Minor allele frequency—rs2124344=0.36, rs7215833=0.36, rs4646340=0.37, rs4646350=0.36 and rs46341=0.37. 
All models are adjusted for age, sex, region and smoking status (never, occasional, former and current smoker). 
Uncorrected likelihood ratio test's P -value. 
Likelihood ratio test's P -value corrected for multiple testing using permutation test. 
rs4646341 was in perfect linkage disequilibrium with rs4646340 ( r 2 =1.0, D'=1.0) and the corrected P -value for interaction of this single-nucleotide polymorphism was 0.037. 
Databases for protein/Peptide data repository Protein/Peptide Database Website/Link. 
List of reliable protein and peptide databases. 
Most cited repositories for biological pathways Pathway databases Biological pathway Website/Link. 
List of highly cited pathway databases for proteomic applications. 
Biomarker identification; Biomarker candidate/panels Verification/Validation Regulation Potential clinical value; Biomarker performance Ref. 
Representative examples of BCa biomarker candidates identified by proteomic approaches. 
Antiproliferative effects of UTD2 against MCF-7 and MBA-MB-231 breast cancer cells after 72 hours of drug exposure. 
The data are presented as the mean±SE (n=4). 
UTD2 interrupted the synergy between Rac1 and Raf in focus formation assay in NIH 3T3 cells. 
The data are presented as the mean±SE (n=4). 
RCC ( 27 ) pNET ( 41 ) Breast cancer ( 46 )  Everolimus?+?BSC a ( n ?=?274) Everolimus monotherapy ( n ?=?204) Everolimus?+?exemestane ( n ?=?482)  All grades (%) Grade 3/4 (%) All grades (%) Grade 3/4 (%) All grades (%) Grade 3/4 (%). 
Incidence of the main adverse events (all grades and grade 3/4) reported in the three largest phase III studies of everolimus in advanced solid tumors (RCC, pNET, and breast cancer) . 
aBSC, best supportive care . 
Group Selectivity Compound/company/route of administration Main feature(s) Ongoing trials in. 
Phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase and “dual PI3K and mTOR” inhibitors in development [modified from ref. ( 53 )] . 
NHL, non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; GIST, gastro-intestinal stromal tumor; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; AML, acute myeloid leukemia; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; HL, Hodgkin’s lymphoma . 
Compound/drug (company) Characteristics Clinical development. 
Akt inhibitors in development . 
As 6% topical solution, proved able to increase time to treatment failure (in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase III trial) in cutaneous metastases from breast cancer patients. 
Registered and used in India, Colombia, and Germany for the treatment of visceral and cutaneous leishmaniasis. 
Targets HIV-infected macrophages. The HIV protein Tat activates pro-survival PI3K/Akt pathway in primary human macrophages. Miltefosine acts by inhibiting the PI3K/Akt pathway, thus removing the infected macrophages from circulation, without affecting healthy cells. 
Orally active alkyl-phosphocholine compound. 
Modulates membrane permeability, membrane lipid composition, phospholipid metabolism, and mitogenic signal transduction, resulting in cell differentiation and inhibition of cell growth. 
Inhibits the anti-apoptotic mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway and modulates the balance between the MAPK and pro-apoptotic stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK/JNK) pathways, thereby inducing apoptosis. 
Orally bioavailable allosteric inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase Akt (protein kinase B). 
Binds to and inhibits the activity of Akt in a non-ATP competitive manner, which may result in the inhibition of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway and tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. 
A 20-mer antisense oligodeoxynucleotide directed against Akt. 
Binds to Akt-1 mRNA, inhibiting translation of the transcript; suppression of Akt-1 expression may result in the inhibition of cellular proliferation, and the induction of apoptosis in tumor cells that overexpress Akt-1. 
Structurally related to Perifosine, it inhibits Akt, but also impacts other signaling pathways (most prominently, Raf-MEK-ERK). 
Intravenous use. 
A lipid soluble cardiac glycoside derived from Nerium oleander. 
Specifically binds to and inhibits the ?3 subunit of the Na/K-ATPase pump in human cancer cells. This may inhibit the phosphorylation of Akt, upregulate MAPK, inhibit NF-?b activation, and inhibit FGF-2 export and may downregulate mTOR thereby inhibiting p70S6K and S6 protein expression, ultimately resulting in the induction of apoptosis. 
As cancer cells with relatively higher expression of the ?3 subunit and with limited expression of the ?1 subunit are more sensitive to oleandrin, one may predict the tumor response to oleandrin based on the tumors Na/K-ATPase pump protein subunit expression. 
An aminofurazan-derived inhibitor of Akt kinases 1, 2, and 3. 
May also inhibit other protein kinases including protein kinase C (PKC) and protein kinase A (PKA). 
A dual inhibitor of Akt and p70S6K. 
Enhance apoptosis in combination with XL647, an inhibitor of multiple receptor tyrosine kinases including EGFR, HER2, and VEGFR, in pre-clinical tumor models. 
In a phase I study, low drug exposure was achieved and the trial was thus stopped. 
Characteristic No. of patients (%). 
Clinicopathologic and characteristics of patients. 
Clinical specimens were selected from patients undergoing surgical resection for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The tumor site was the oral cavity (tongue) in all patients. 
Organ system Neonatal Childhood Treatment Reference. 
Diagnostic characteristics of STWS. 
Open cells in the table indicate no available treatment. Some features generally improve over time (i.e., respiratory distress and dysphagia), while other features become progressively worse (i.e., bowing of the long bones). 
STWS phenotype Cytokine Reference. 
Stüve-Wiedemann syndrome (STWS) with the corresponding molecular etiology. 
Each of the cytokines signal through the leukemia inhibitory factor receptor (LIFR). In STWS, the LIFR gene is mutated, and due to the mutation, cytokine signaling is blocked, and the corresponding manifestations of STWS occur. Only symptoms for which the mechanism has been explored are listed. Those followed by a question mark are still under considerable speculation. LIF: leukemia inhibitory factor; CNTF: ciliary neurotrophic factor; OSM: oncostatin-M; CT-1: cardiotrophin-1; CLCF1: cardiotrophin-like cytokine factor-1; CRLF1: cytokine receptor-like factor-1. 
Cell Lines HCT-116 HT-29 SW-480 CaCO2 LS174T Status Drugs. 
Mutation status and IC50(?M) for Dovitinib and Oxaliplatin in Colon cancer cell lines. 
Abbreviations : M Mutant, WT Wild type, LOH Loss of heterozygosity, MSI Microsatellite instability, MSS Microsatellite stable. 
miRNA Prostate cell line miR studies  miR Serum study RWPE-2 vs RWFE-1 (Log2 fold change) LNCaP vs HPrAR-1 (Log2 fold change) LNCaP-C4-2 vs LNCaP (Log2 fold change) Non-progressors (N=62) Progressor s(N=31) Micro-array Q-PCR Micro-array Q-PCR Micro-array Q-PCR Average dCT Average dCT. 
RNA was isolated from the indicated cell lines and human tumor samples using Trizol and from serum samples using Qiagen miRNeasy kit with Exiqon recommended modifications. Microarray analysis was performed with Exiqon miRNA 5th generation expression arrays using single color hybridization in biological triplicates for each cell line. 384-well plates Q-RT-PCR analysis was used with Exiqon miRNA specific primers. All miRNAs with missing values (ct>38) were removed. Samples were then normalized using the overall mean miRNA expression value. MiRNA differentially expressed in microarray analysis and validated by Q-RT-PCR are shown in bold letters with asterisk mark. (?1.5 fold change and p ?0.05). ND, not detected, failed in Q-RT-PCR; NA, primers to validate not available. 
All serum samples were collected with IRB approval at RPCI. Patient serum and demographic, epidemiologic, clinical and pathology data were collected through the Data Bank and BioRepository (DBBR), a shared resource at RPCI. All blood specimens were collected from newly diagnosed men with CaP, prior to any treatment. All patients had at least 3 years of follow-up data. Biochemical progression was defined by serum PSA of 0.2 ng/mL or greater (obtained 6 weeks – 3 months postoperatively), with a second confirmatory level of PSA greater than 0.2 ng/mL (N=31, classified as progressors), all other men were classified as non-progressors (N=62). Non-Progressors were selected from a larger group of CaP patients with equivalent follow-up and frequency matched on age and Gleason grade sum using a bootstraping procedure. *Average follow-up time for non-progressors. 
Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models were used to determine the miRNA, pathological and clinical features that were significantly associated with hazard of biochemical recurrence. 
Drug tested Cancer model Mechanism of anticancer effect Mechanism of autophagy induction Role of autophagy in cancer cells Mode of autophagy inhibition tested. 
MGUS SMM Myeloma PCL. 
Diagnostic criteria for myeloma of undetermined significance (MGUS), smouldering multiple myeloma (SMM), myeloma, and plasma cell leukemia (PCL). Reproduced from international myeloma working group, 2003 [ 37 ]. 
*1-2% of patients have no detectable M-protein in serum or urine but do have myeloma-related organ or tissue impairment (ROTI) and increased intramedullary plasma cells; this is termed nonsecretory myeloma. **ROTI: corrected serum calcium >0.25?mmol/L above the upper limit of normal or >2.75?mmol/L, creatinine >173?mmol/L, Hb 2?g/dL below the lower limit of normal or <10?g/dL, lytic bone lesions or osteoporosis with compression fractures (may be clarified by CT or MRI), symptomatic hyperviscosity, amyloidosis, recurrent bacterial infections (>2 episodes in 12 months). 
Name Cell Type Source. 
Genes Number of samples with mutations in 76 samples (Mutation frequency) Number of female samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 36 female samples) Number of male samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 40 male samples). 
Genes Number of samples with mutations in 76 samples (Mutation frequency) Number of AC samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 52 AC samples) Number of SC samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 20 SC samples) Number of LCC samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 2 LCC samples) Number of other samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 2 other samples). 
Genes Number of samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 76 samples) Number of high differentiation samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 15 samples) Number of low differentiation samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 33 samples) Number of middle differentiation samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 27 samples) Number of unknown samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 1 samples). 
Genes Number of samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 76 samples) Number of stage 1B samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 18 samples) Number of stage 2A samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 3 samples) Number of stage 2B samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 9 samples) Number of stage 3A samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 26 samples) Number of stage 3B samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 8 samples) Number of stage 4 samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 12 samples). 
Genes Number of samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 76 samples) Number of non-metastasis samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 16 samples) Number of local metastasis samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 8 samples) Number of lymph metastasis samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 11 samples) Number of far metastasis samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 39 samples) Number of unknown samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 2 samples). 
Genes Number of samples with mutations in 76 samples (Mutation frequency) Number of samples of heavy smokers with mutations (Mutation frequency in 17 samples) Number of samples of light smokers samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 6 samples) Number of samples of non-smoker samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 52 samples) Number of unknown samples with mutations (Mutation frequency in 1 sample). 
Mutations combination (including Missense point mutations/deletion/insertion) Number of samples with mutation combination Percentage in all sequenced samples. 
Marker Antibody. 
CD44 variant isoform DLD-1 * DLD-1 AKT 1/2 KO *. 
The expression of CD44 standard variant was around 100%. 
*Mean fraction (min-max). 
Gene Symbol Gene Description Pathway log fold change p-value. 
Genes related to the WNT, Notch and cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) pathways were differently expressed. 
Variables No. of patients, n (%)N?=?884 No. of deaths, nN?=?406 Median OS(months) Log-rank P HR (95% CI). 
OS: overall survival; HR: hazard ratio; CI: confidence interval. 
*Mean OS was presented when median OS could not be calculated. 
Genotype Models Overall Patients, N?=?884  n (%) Deaths Median OS Log-rank P Corrected P $ HR (95% CI) †. 
OS: overall survival; HR: hazard ratio; CI: confidence interval. 
*Mean OS was presented when median survival could not be calculated. 
The log-rank P values less than 0.05 were corrected by a permutation test (n?=?5000 random permutations). 
Adjusted for sex, age, differentiation status, and TNM stage. 
MAP3K1 HR (95% CI)  Univariate analysis P value Multivariate analysis - Model 1 a p value Multivariate analysis - Model 2 b P value. 
Adjusted for sex, age, TNM stage, and differentiation status. 
Adjusted for all covariates including sex, age, tumor location, differentiation, tumor size, depth of invasion, lymph node metastasis, distant metastasis, and TNM stage. 
HR: hazard ratio; CI: confidence interval. 
CRMP1 CRMP2 CRMP3 CRMP4 CRMP5. 
Nomenclature of the CRMP family. 
CRMP, collapsin response mediator protein; DPYSL1, dihydropyrimidinase-like protein; Ulip, uncoordinated 33-like protein; hUlip, human homolog of Ulip; DRP, dihydropyrimidinase -related protein; TOAD-64, turned on after division, 64 kDa protein; CRAM, cysteine-rich acidic transmembrane protein. 
CRMP and cancer type Expression of CRMP in tumor tissues Prediction of clinical outcome by CRMP Ref. 
Expression and biological values of CRMPs in cancers. 
CRMPs, collapsin response mediator proteins; LCRMP1, long-form CRMP1; T-CRMP, total CRMP; P-CRMP, phosphorylated CRMP. 
Agents Autophagy Function (Refs.). 
The functional status of autophagy in hepatocarcinoma treated with different agents in experiments. 
Gene name NCBI gene symbol Broad Institute locus name S. cerevisiae homolog SGD description. 
Annotation Cluster 1 Enrichment Score: 9.38    GO Term Number of genes p Value Fold Enrichment Benjamini FDR. 
The Gene Ontology cluster analysis was performed using the GO Fat database (GOTERM_BP_FAT), developed as part of the Annotation Tool of the DAVID suite of bioinformatics resources. Enrichment score of 1.3 is equivalent to non-log scale p ?=?0.05 [38] . The clusters with enrichment scores greater than 1.4 and p value<0.05 are presented. The number of genes representing each of the GO terms is given with associated p value and false discovery rate (FDR). 
Annotation Cluster 1 Enrichment Score: 3.15    GO Term Number of genes p Value Fold Enrichment Benjamini FDR. 
The Gene Ontology cluster analysis was performed using the GO Fat database (GOTERM_BP_FAT), developed as part of the Annotation Tool of the DAVID suite of bioinformatics resources. The clusters with enrichment scores greater than 1.4 and showing p value<0.05 are presented. The number of genes representing each of the GO terms is given with associated p value and false discovery rate (FDR). 
Country The First Author Year M aterials M ethods QS. 
Characteristics of eligible studies for Dab2 expression in human cancers. 
QS: Quality Score; IHC: Immunohistochemistry; WB: Western Blot analysis. 
SK-BR-3 and MDA-MB -453 cell lines. 
T24, TCC, UMUC3, WH, SWBC1, 253J, and RT4 cell lines. 
LNCaP, C4-2, p59-23 clone(13), COS cells; LAPC4, MDAPCa2a, and MDAPCa2b cell lines. 
PrEC1, PrEC2, PrEC3, SWNPC2, SWPC1, and SWPC3 cell lines. 
MCF7, T47D, MDA-MB-231, ZR-75-1, MDA-MB-157, MDA-MB-436. 
C666-1, HK1 and HONE1. 
X2117, X666, C15, C17, and X1915. 
A549 (lung cancer), SH-SY5Y (neuroblastoma), MDA-MB231 and MCF7 (breast cancer), HT1080 (fibrosarcoma), HepG2 (hepatoma), Du145 (prostate cancer), and SW480 (colon cancer). 
A549, H157, H1299, H460, LTE, SPC, BE1 and LK2. 
nest PCR primer, Forward: 5'-AAAGGTAGTTTTTTGTTTAAAGGG-3', Reverse, 5'-TAAACTTAATAA -CTCCCCCTCA-3'. MSP primers, Methylated Forward: 5'-GGATTTGTGAAACGAAGTTC-3', Reverse: 5'-CACCAACTAAAAAC-GATCG-3'; Un-methylated Forward: 5'-GGATTTGTGAAATGAAGTTT-3', Reverse, 5'-CACCAACTAAAAACAATCA -3'. 
Methylated Primer, Forward: 5'-ATTTTTCGTCGGGAGTGGTC-3', Reverse: 5'-GCAACGAATACGACGA -ACCT-3'; Un-methylated Primer, Forward: 5'-GGGAGTGGTTGTGTGGTTTT-3', Reverse: 5'-AACTTGG -GGACACCCAAA-3'. 
Primer for DAB2 exon1. Methylated Primer, Forward: 5’-TATTTTTCGTCGGGAGTGGTCGC-3’, Reverse: 5’-ACTAACTATTACCTCCGTAAA; UnMethylated Forward: 5’-GAATTATATTTTTTGTTGGGAGTGGT -TGT-3', Reverse: 5’-CCAACTAACTATTACCTCCATAAAACA-3’. 
Type of cancers* Tissues Expression level of Dab2 Total High Moderate Weak or Negative. 
The expression of Dab2 in five kinds of human cancerous and the corresponding Non-Cancerous tissues by immunohistochemistry. 
LC: Lung Cancers; UCB: Urothelial Carcinoma of the Bladder; GC: Gestational Choriocarcinomas;. 
ESCCs: Esophageal Squamous Cell Cancers; HOTs: Human Ovarian Tumors. LP: Lesion Precancerous. 
Accession No. Times Identified No. of Peptides Protein Name Biological Process and Function Ratios      wHBV/Ctrl mHBV/Ctrl. 
Agilent ID hMSC Non- Invasive hMSC_Invasive Fold Change UNIQID Gene Name. 
Significant changes in selected genes demonstrating a 1.6-fold or higher increase. The Agilent ID corresponds to the probe ID from the array, values for non-invasive and invasive hMSCs as well as their fold change (Invasive-Non-Invasive) are provided. 
  ETS - ETS + Total. 
Correlation of RAS/ERK pathway mutations, PTEN loss, and oncogenic ETS expression in prostate tumors. 
A summary of the 266 tumors analyzed by Taylor et al. [ 22 ], Grasso et al . [ 6 ], and Baca et al . [ 23 ]. ETS status indicates presence (+) or absence (-) of an ERG rearrangement in Taylor et al. and either an ERG or ETV1 rearrangement in Grasso et al. and Baca et al . RAS/ERK mutation includes point mutations from all three studies or verified gene rearrangements resulting in transcript fusions in Grasso et al. or Baca et al . for HRAS, KRAS, NRAS, RAF1, ARAF, BRAF, MAP2K1, MAP2K2, MAPK1, or MAPK3. APC mutations are included as a control to show that low frequency mutations are not always enriched in one category. 
Rank Drug Target P value. 
Drugs that alter PC3 gene expression most similarly to ETV4 depletion. 
Gene expression changes from small molecule treatments of PC3 cells in the Connectivity Map database [ 29 ] were compared to gene expression changes previously reported for ETV4 depletion in PC3 cells [ 25 ]. Small molecules that elucidated changes most similar to ETV4 depletion are rank ordered by P value. 
Gene/cDNA detected Forward primer Reverse primer. 
List of all primers used for both PCR and qRT-PCR. 
Primary antibody name 1-hr room temperature blocking conditions Primary antibody incubation Company and location. 
List of antibodies used in this study. 
Lens age and genotype Average wet lens weight (mg) Average dry lens weight (mg) Wet lens/dry lens ratio. 
Lens wet and dry weight comparison between 4-month-old ?V [?/flox]; MLR10- cre (?VMLR10) lenses and wild-type lenses. 
?VMLR10 lenses are significantly heavier than wild-type at 3 months of age (* P  = 0.02; n  = 8). However, by 6 months of age, these lenses were no longer significantly different in size ( P  = 0.30, n  = 6). In addition, the ratio of wet lens to dry lens between wild-type and ?VMLR10 lenses was similar. All results are expressed on a per lens basis. 
Entry Y Z Yield [a] Yield [b] Inhibition?[%]?of K i AT2R?[? m ]    X= t Bu X=H [125I]CGP?binding Human Human Pig      1?? m 10?? m [125I]CGP [125I]Sarile [125I]Ang?II. 
Yields of synthesized benzamides and affinity towards human AT2R in HEK-293 cells by displacement of either [125I]CGP-42112A or [125I]Sarile, and reference K i values from displacement of [125I]Ang?II from the AT2R in pig myometrial membrane. 
?Isolated yield after the aminocarbonylation reaction, >95?% purity. 
?Isolated yield after the deprotection, >95?% purity. 
?Not active. 
?Compound not included in the affinity screen, value taken from K i determination. 
?Evaluated for AT1R affinity, none of the compounds exhibited any binding. 
?Not calculable—less than 25?% displacement at highest concentration. 
Microcephaly Capillary Malformation Syndrome Patient P1.1 P1.2 P2.1 P3.1 P4.1 P5.1 P6.1 P7.1 P8.1 P9.1. 
Clinical Characteristics and Molecular Findings of MIC-CAP Patients a. 
This table summarizes the clinical findings in study participants. 
Numbering of mutations is relative to NM_006463 (gene) and NP_006454.1 (protein). 
Abbreviations : F: female; M: male; y: years; m: months; OFC: Occipito-frontal circumference; SD: Standard deviations from the mean; nd : not determined. 
DISORDER DISEASE DEFINITION. 
DIAGNOSTIC CRITERIA FOR PLASMA CELL DISORDERS. 
Abbreviations . MGUS: monoclonal Gammopathy of undetermined significance; SMM: ; POEMS: Polyneuropathy, Organomegaly, Endocrinopathy, M (protein) and Skin changes. 
Serum M-Spike type Cumulative incidence of full progression at 10 years. 
PROGNOSIS OF MGUS: TYPE OF M-SPIKE AND ABSOLUTE RISK OF PROGRESSION. 
Source: see ref. 11. 
Number of factors Risk category 20 year progression risk (%) 20 year progression risk accounting for death as competing factor (%). 
RISK STRATIFICATION MODEL. 
Source: see ref 11. 
Gene Name Frequency MDS % Frequency MDS/ MPN % Frequency AML %. 
FREQUENCY OF MOLECULAR MUTATIONS IN MYELOID MALIGNANCIES. 
*Indicates the genes discussed in the text. 
§68% in refractory anemia with ring sideroblasts. 
# 81% on refractory anemia with ring sideroblasts associated with thrombocytosis. 
† frequency for de novo and secondary AML, respectively. 
Abbreviations. MDS, Myelodysplastic syndromes; MDS/ MPN, Myelodysplastic syndromes/ Myeloproliferative neoplasms; AML, Acute myeloid leukemia. 
Gene Studies Disease Group Overall Survival AML Transformation. 
EFFECTS OF MOLECULAR MUTATIONS ON OVERALL SURVIVAL AND AML TRANSFORMATION IN MYELODYSPLASTIC SYNDROMES AND OTHER MYELOID MALIGNANCIES. 
Abbreviations. MDS, Myelodysplastic syndromes; MDS/ MPN, Myelodysplastic syndromes/ Myeloproliferative neoplasms; AML, Acute myeloid leukemia; CMML, chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; RARS, refractory anemia with ring sideroblasts; RARS-T, refractory anemia with ring sideroblasts associated with thrombocytosis; LFS, leukemia free survival; - Indicates not available leukemia; Tx, treatment. 
Gene Symbol Frequency (%) Associated Disease-Phenotype/ Impact on Survival Outcomes Studies. 
FREQUENCY OF MOLECULAR MUTATIONS AND CORRELATION WITH DISEASE PHENOTYPES IN MYELOFIBROSIS. 
Table Legend: Summary of the frequencies, disease-phenotypes, and impact on survival outcomes of molecular mutations in Myelofibrosis. 
§the frequency refers to Myelodysplastic syndromes. 
†this frequency refers to a study conducted with whole exome sequencing. 
Abbreviations. Hgb, hemoglobin; BM, bone marrow. 
RASSF1A APC MGMT CDKN2A CDKN2B. 
Comparison of NIM and corresponding p-values. 
*Mann–Whitney- U Test (p-value?<?0.01, after correction for multiple testing); **NB?=?Normal bladder mucosa, sNILG?=?Non-muscle invasive low grade urothelial bladder cancer; IHG?=?Muscle invasive high grade urothelial bladder cancer). 
Reference (EGFR) Segment Number of mutations Number of drivers Mutations Activation status. 
Structurally conserved cancer mutation hotspots in protein kinase genes. 
Kinase Mutations Activation status. 
Summary of modeled somatic kinase mutations. 
PI3K inhibitor Chemical nature Target Clinical trial Reference. 
PI3K inhibitors Combination agents Tumor types Reference. 
AKT inhibitors Combination agent Tumor type Clinical trial Reference. 
Gene (alias) Human GenBank accession number Sequence 5?–3? Mouse GenBank accession number Sequence 5?–3?. 
List of primers used for RT?PCR. 
Matrix family human Nrf2 vs AP-1 Matrix family murine Nrf2 vs AP-1 Family information. 
Matrix family human ATF2 vs ELK1 Matrix family murine Atf2 vs Elk1 Family information. 
GenBank accession N o Gene symbol Gene title Prostate 3 ha Prostate 12 hb. 
aRelative mRNA expression levels of genes that were suppressed >3-fold by SFN+EGCG combination in prostate of Nrf2 wild-type mice but not in prostate of Nrf2 knockout mice compared with vehicle treatment at 3 h. 
bRelative mRNA expression levels of genes that were suppressed >3-fold by SFN+EGCG combination in prostate of Nrf2 wild-type mice but not in prostate of Nrf2 knockout mice compared with vehicle treatment at 12 h. 
Cancer Number of cell lines Cell line. 
Inhibitor Structure IC50 (?mol/L) p110?, p110? p110?, p110? Isoform specificity Selectivity over mTOR Organization. 
Detected By Comparative Genomic Hybridization (CGH) By EIM Chr Marchio et al 13 Kusano et al 14 Sakakura et al 15 Wong et al 16 Guan et al 17 Chang et al 18 Niketeghad et al 19 Shiraishi et al 20 Balsara et al 21 Midorikara et al 22. 
Value means percentage of positive region. The number in square bracket corresponds with reference number. 
Abbreviation: EIM, expression imbalance map. 
Gene Location Function Overexpression in tumora Reference. 
The percentage of HCC cases with higher expression of target gene than their adjacent nontumor tissues. 
Group n BW (g) FBG (mmol/L) FINS (mU/L) GIR (mg·kg?1·min?1) TG (mmol/L) TC (mmol/L). 
Differences between two groups were assessed by the Student's t -test. n , number of rats; BW, body weight; FBG, fasting blood glucose; FINS, fasting insulin; GIR, glucose infusion rate; TG, triglyceride; TC, total cholesterol. 
Group n FBG (mmol/L) FINS (mU/L) HbA1c (%) HOMA-IR. 
Differences among three groups were assessed using one-way analysis of variance followed by the Student-Newman-Keuls' test if the F value was significant. DM+fas: diabetic rats treated with fasudil; n , number of rats; FBG, fasting blood glucose; FINS, fasting insulin; HbA1c, hemoglobin A1c; HOMA-IR, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance, is calculated as FBG (mmol/L)×FINS (mU/L)/22.5. 
Group n TG (mmol/L) TC (mmol/L) BW (g) HW (g) HW/BW (×10?3) SABP (mmHg). 
Differences among three groups were assessed using one-way analysis of variance followed by the Student-Newman-Keuls' test if the F value was significant. DM+fas, diabetic rats treated with fasudil; n , number of rats; TG, triglyceride; TC, total cholesterol; BW, body weight; HW, heart weight; HW/BW, ratio of heart weight/body weight; SABP, systolic arterial blood pressure. 
Group n HR (beat/min) LVSP (mmHg) LVEDP (mmHg) +d p/d tmax (mmHg/s) ?d p/d tmax (mmHg/s). 
Differences among three groups were assessed using one-way analysis of variance followed by the Student-Newman-Keuls' test if the F value was significant. DM+fas, diabetic rats treated with fasudil; n , number of rats; HR, heart rate; LVSP, left ventricular systolic pressure; LVEDP, left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; ±d p/d tmax, maximum change velocity of left ventricular pressure in the isovolumic contraction or relaxation period. 
Group Body weight Weight added Tumor weight 1 d 30 d. 
Cell line IC50 (Ganetespib) nM IC50 (17-AAG) nM Fold P value. 
Ganetespib is more potent than 17-AAG in SCLC cell lines. 
One-way ANOVA. 
24 hrs 48 hrs   No Txt DOXO 40nM GANE 30nM COMB p value No Txt DOXO 40nM GANE 30nM COMB p value. 
RPPA profiling of cancer-associated proteins. 
Values are the mean ratios derived from mean values of each treatment groups divided by mean values of the untreated control groups. Only ratios of ? 0.7 or ? 1.3 with p values < 0.05 (One-way ANOVA with Dunnett’s Multiple Comparison Test) were considered significant and shown. Empty cells indicate no change in the ratio of the analysed proteins. No Txt, no treatment; Doxo, doxorubicin; Gane, ganetespib; Comb, 40nM doxorubicin + 30 nM ganetespib combination. 
MicroRNAs Cell cycle regulators Reference. 
  Sub-G1 (%) G0/G1 (%) S (%) G2/M (%). 
The cell cycle distribution was assessed by flow cytometry as described in “Materials and methods”. Data are presented as the mean±SEM. n =5. b P <0.05, compared to the resting group. e P <0.05, f P <0.01, compared to the PBS+PDGF-BB group. 
Genus species (sub species) Vegetable. 
Group Treatment Tumour multiplicity inhibition Tumour incidence inhibition. 
PEITC: phenethyl isothiocyanate; PPITC: 3-phenylpropyl isothiocyanate; PBITC: 4-phenylbutyl isothiocyanate; PPeITC: 5-phenylpentyl isothiocyanate; PHITC: 6-phenylhexyl isothiocyanate; NNK: 4-(Methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone. 
Agent Target Class Tumor type Role of autophagy References. 
Cancer type Clinical trials identifier Drug Phase. 
*These data are available in the clinical trials database ( http://clinicaltrials.gov ). 
Compound IC50 (?mol/L). 
LUX-Lung study Phase Enrollment (patients, n) Treatment Target population Primary end point. 
LUX-Lung clinical development program. 
Abbreviations: CDDP, cisplatin; CT, chemotherapy; EGFR mut+, epidermal growth factor mutation positive; Gem, gemcitabine; OS, overall survival; PEM, pemetrexed; PFS, progression-free survival; RR, response rate; SqCC, squamous cell carcinoma; TTP, time to progression; TXL, paclitaxel. 
EGFR mutation Patients (n) RR (%) PFS (months) OS (months). 
Afatinib in patients with uncommon EGFR mutations in the LUX-Lung 2, 3, and 6 trials 27. 
Abbreviations: del, deletion; EGFR, epidermal growth factor; mut, mutation; n, number; NR, not reported; PFS, progression free survival; OS, overall survival; RR, response rate. 
LUX-Lung 1 30 (Afatinib 50 mg) LUX-Lung 3 24 (Afatinib 40 mg) LUX-Lung 6 25 (Afatinib 40 mg) EURTAC 8 (Erlotinib 150 mg) IPASS 3 (Gefitinib 250 mg) All ? Grade 3 All ? Grade 3 All ? Grade 3 All ? Grade 3 All ? Grade 3. 
Toxicity profile in the major Phase III clinical trials of afatinib, erlotinib, and gefitinib. 
Abbreviations: NR, not reported; EURTAC, European Erlotinib versus chemotherapy trial; IPASS, Iressa Pan Asia Study. 
Study Study aim HCC type n (HCC) Subgroups. 
IC50 ± SEM (µg/ml). 
Treatment of MeWo cells at different IC50 values of Phyllanthus extracts. 
No UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot (Accession number) Protein Phyllanthus PA(H) PN(H) PU(H) PW(H) PA(M) PN(M) PU(M) PW(M). 
Fold changes of differential expressed proteins in aqueous- and methanolic-treated MeWo cells. Symbols“+” indicate up-regulation, and “-” indicate down-regulation. PA: P.amarus ; PN: P.niruri ; PU: P.urinaria and PW: P.watsonii. 
Serial blood count. 
FGFR1 gene fusion partners. 
Gene Distribution patternb References. 
Genes expressed by, or ona, endothelial cells in the rheumatoid synovium. 
aIn the case of soluble mediators such as cytokines, the presence of a protein within a cell does not necessarily mean that it is produced there. It may be produced elsewhere and bound and internalised by the cell of interest. bE, endothelial selective distribution, a potential marker for these cells; EO, gene expressed by endothelial and other cells in the synovium; RA < C, gene expression lesser in RA synovium than in control synovium; RA > C, gene expression greater in RA synovium than in control synovium; RA = C, gene expressed equally in RA synovium and control synovium; P, protein studied; M, mRNA studied. 
Case No. 
Clinicopathological Characteristics of Patients with Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. 
Hazard ratio (95% CI) p Value. 
Multivariate Analysis with Cox Proportional Hazards. 
CI: confidence interval. 
Significant at the level of p < 0.05. 
Category    1 2 3 4 p value. 
Association between Clinicopathological Characteristics and Four Groups Defined with Cluster Analysis. 
Significant at the level of p < 0.05; Ad: adenocarcinoma. 
  m-TOR group (n?=?30) Control group (n?=?58) P value. 
Baseline demographic and clinical data of the two study groups. 
Values are shown as mean?±?SD or absolute values. To convert creatinine in mg/dl to ?mol/L, multiply by 88.4; Hemoglobin in g/dl to g/L, multiply by 10; cholesterol in mg/dL to mmol/L, multiply by 0.02586; triglycerides in mg/dL to mmol/L, multiply by 0.01129. 
Abbreviations: IN, Interstitial nephropathy; CKD, chronic kidney disease; GN, glomerulonephritis; PKD, polycystic kidney disease; HKD, hypertensive kidney disease; IN, interstitial nephropathy; BMI, body mass index; Uprot, daily urinary protein excretion. 
  m-TOR group (n?=?30) Control group (n?=?58) P value. 
Baseline morphological and functional echocardiographic data in both groups. 
Values are shown as mean?±?SD or percentages. 
Abbreviations: LAD, left atrial diameter; LVEDD, left ventricular end-diastolic diameter; IVS, interventricular septal thickness; PWT, posterior wall thickness; RWT, relative wall thickness; EF, left ventricular ejection fraction; FS, left ventricular fractional shortening; LVMI, left ventricular mass index; LVH, left ventricular hypertrophy; Peak E, peak early diastolic flow velocity; peak A, peak late diastolic flow velocity; E/A ratio, ratio of early to late diastolic flow; DT deceleration time of E wave; LVIRT, left ventricular isovolumetric relaxation time. 
  ?, m-TOR group ( P ) ?, Control group ( P ) ?, Effect (m-TOR vs.Control), (95% CI) P value. 
Changes in clinical parameters from baseline to 12 months in both groups. 
?, percent increase or decrease from baseline ([baseline value – final value] x 100/baseline value). Data are expressed as mean?±?SD. Values in parentheses are P values for the differences between final and baseline absolute values, and 95% confidence intervals for the control versus m-TOR group effect. 
To convert serum creatinine in mg/dL to mol/L, multiply by 88.4; hemoglobin in g/dL to g/L, multiply by 10; cholesterol in mg/dL to mmol/L, multiply by 0.02586; triglycerides in mg/dL to mmol/L, multiply by 0.01129. 
Abbreviations: BMI, body mass index; Uprot, daily urinary protein excretion. 
  ?, m-TOR group ( P ) ?, Control group ( P ) ? Effect (m-TOR vs Control) (95%CI) P value. 
Changes in echocardiographic parameters from baseline to 12 months in both groups. 
?, percent increase or decrease from baseline ([baseline value – final value] x 100/baseline value). Values are expressed as mean?±?SD; values in parentheses are P values for the differences between final and baseline absolute values, and 95% confidence intervals for the control versus m-TOR group effect. 
Abbreviations: LAD, left atrial diameter; LVEDD, left ventricular end-diastolic diameter; IVS, interventricular septal thickness; PWT, posterior wall thickness; RWT, relative wall thickness; FS, left ventricular fractional shortening; LVMI, left ventricular mass index; Peak E, peak early diastolic flow velocity; peak A, peak late diastolic flow velocity; E/A ratio, ratio of early to late diastolic flow; DT deceleration time of E wave; LVIRT, left ventricular isovolumetric relaxation time. 
Clinical studies (number of patients) Psychiatric observations Scale used to assess depression and/or anxiety Use of pharmacologic treatments References. 
Clinical observations on Huntington's disease patients . 
BDI-II, Beck Depression Inventory; CES-D, Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale; CIDI, Composite International Diagnostic Interview; DSM-III/IV, Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 3rd/4th edition; PBA-HD, Problem Behaviors Assessment for Huntington Disease; SCL-90-R, Symptom Checklist 90 Revised; UHDRS, Unified Huntington Disease Rating Scale; ND, no data . 
Anxiety and depression-related behavior in HD murine models . 
Numbers indicate the age in weeks at which the phenotype was observed. Ø, no significant change; ?, significant increase; ?, significant decrease . 
Stimulants Validation Responses Reference. 
Stimulants of mTOR in CNS neurons. 
Gene KOG Information LET-23 localization Known functions in vulval development. 
Tissue origin Cell strain Description Cell morphology. 
Tissue origin, description, and morphology of cell strains used. 
aHuman mammary epithelial cells (HMECs) from patients #1012 and #1016. HEK, primary human epidermal keratinocytes; MK, mouse keratinocytes. 
TGF-?1-induced responsea   Cell strain Acquisition of spindle shapeb Loss of junctional E-cadherinc Loss of junctional ZO-1c Actin stress fiber formationc. 
Summary of transforming growth factor-?1-induced cellular responses in vitro. 
aTreatment with 5 ng/ml transforming growth factor (TGF)-?1 for 48 hours. bDetermined by phase contrast microscopy. cDetermined by E-cadherin, zonula occludens (ZO)-1, or F-actin immunofluorescence. dHuman epidermal keratinocytes (HEKs) and human mammary epithelial cells (HMECs) exhibited little to no junctional ZO-1 staining in the absence of TGF-?1 treatment. eHMECs from patients #1012 and #1016. Cellular responses to TGF-?1 designated by + (strong), ± (weak), or - (negative). 
TGF-?1-mediated responsea       S-phase (% of control ± standard error) Cell strain Increase in phosphorylated Smad2b Decrease in total Smad2c Decrease in total Smad3c [3H]Td Flowe. 
Summary of transforming growth factor-?1-mediated Smad signaling and effect on S-phase in vitro. 
aTreatment with 5 ng/ml transforming growth factor (TGF)-?1 for 48 hours. bSimilar results obtained after 2 hours TGF-?1 treatment except those designated by an asterisk (detected increased phosphorylated Smad2 after 2 hours of TGF-?1 treatment). cNo decrease in total Smad2 or total Smad3 was detected after 2 hours of TGF-?1 treatment. d [3H]Thymidine ([3H]T) experiments performed at least three times with 6–12 replicates. Results are presented as the average percent of control of three independent experiments. eFlow cytometry experiments performed at least three times in triplicate. Results are presented as the average percent of control of three independent experiments. fAn increase in total Smad3 was observed in Colo357 cells 48 hours after TGF-?1 treatment. gAccurate flow cytometry analysis could not be performed on BT549 cells because multiple populations of cells were present in the culture. Cellular responses to TGF-?1 designated as + (positive response) or - (negative response). HEK, human epidermal keratinocyte; HMEC, human mammary epithelial cell; KC, mouse keratinocytes transformed with K-ras; MK, mouse keratinocyte. 
Arterial Pressure Heart Rate or Pulse Interval  Basal MAP (mmHg) LF of SAP (mmHg2) HF of SAP (mmHg2) Basal HR (b/min) LF (ms2) HF (ms2). 
Values are means ± SEM; n is the number of rats in each subgroup. MAP, mean arterial pressure; SAP, systolic arterial pressure; HR, heart rate. Significances ( P<0.05 ) are: * vs time-paired WKY,. 
vs respective sedentary control,. 
vs week zero (T0 or S0). 
Baroreflex Control of Heart Rate  Lower plateau (b/min) HR range (B/min) BP50 (mmHg) Gain (b/min/mmHg). 
Values are means ± SEM; n is the number of rats in each subgroup. BP50, blood pressure at the mid-range. Significances ( P<0.05 ) are: * vs time-paired WKY,. 
vs respective sedentary control,. 
vs week zero (T0 or S0). 
Protein IDs Protein Names Gene Names Proteins Peptides Unique Peptides Ratio H/L Normalized Ratio H/L Variability [%] Ratio H/L Count. 
TCP1:T-complex protein 1. 
Gene MicroRNA (according to MiRNA Viewer and PicTar). 
 . 
F, forward Primer; R, reverse primer. 
Target PDB entriesa Number of Activesb. 
aAll the X-ray crystal structures of the complexes of each target in complex with ligands were used in the construction of pharmacophore models. The crystal structure of each target with PDB entry marked with an asterisk was used for the docking-based virtual screens. 
bThe chemical structures of the actives used for testing the virtual screening methods are shown in Table S1 in the Supplementary Information . 
Gene Name of oligonucleotides Sequence. 
Sequences of the oligonucleotides competitors. 
Parameters Wild type D61G E139D Y279C N308D Q506P. 
Summary of crystallographic data and refinement statistics. 
R merge ?=??? hkl | I ???? I ?|/? hkl I , where I is the intensity of the individual reflections. 
R work ?=???| F obs ??? F cal |/?| F obs , where F obs and F calc are the observed and the calculated structure factors, respectively. 
R free was calculated using 5% of total reflections randomly chosen and excluded from the crystallographic refinement. 
  k cat (s ?1 ) K m (mM) k cat / K m (s ?1 ? mM ?1 ). 
Catalytic activities of the indicated SHP2 catalytic domain (221–524) GST fusion proteins were measured using the Malachite Green assay in the presence of different concentrations of PTP-1B peptide R-R-L-I-E-D-A-E-pY-A-A-R-G. Km and kcat calculated by: 1/V?=?(Km/Vmax) / [pY]?+?1/ Vmax. 
Stage name Stage after Meshcheriakov Stage,% Size, mm         (min - max). 
Normal development of H. trivolvis. 
Interrelations between developmental stages after Mescheriakov [ 51 ], timing of embryogenesis in%, and the length of specimens in mm are shown. Five hundred specimens were measured. 
  PTEN status Histological subtypes Cell lines Codon Mutation Predictive effect. 
PTEN status in endometrial cancer cell lines. 
PTEN Cell lines SF50 (nM) Mean SE SD P value (Student t test). 
SF50 values to olaparib and the PTEN status in endometrial cancer cell lines. 
SE: Standard Error, SD: Standard Deviation. 
miRNA Cancer type Target References. 
Selected miRNAs implicated in metastatic progression and their EMT-related known targets. 
Abbreviations: miRNA, microRNA; EMT, epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition; LET-7, the lethal-7 family of miRNAs. 
Unigene Symbol Description Functions Fold change. 
Up-regulated genes in HPMCs exposed to malignant ascites versus to benign fluids (Fold change?>?2, P ? <?0.05). 
Unigene Symbol Description Functions Fold change. 
Down-regulated genes in HPMCs exposed to malignant ascites versus to benign fluids (Fold change?>?2, P ? <?0.05). 
Symbol Description Fold change. 
Cell death biological function category showing a significant fold change in genes belonging to HPMCs exposed to malignant ascites compared to benign fluids (Fold change?>?2, P ? <?0.05). 
SEPT2 - GDP SEPT2 - GppNHp SEPT3 - GDP SEPT7 - GDP GDP FCF GppNHp FCF 113 * FCF 73 GDP FCF GDP FCF 57 FCF 37. 
*Numbers correspond to the docked poses within the cluster of conformations shown in Figure 3 . 
**Parentheses indicate the corresponding protomer of each amino acid. 
MuLV subgroup Host range Receptor. 
Only CAT-1 from mice and rats binds ecotropic MuLV Env protein. 
Xpr-1 of mouse cells binds polytropic MuLV Env protein, but it does not bind xenotropic MuLV Env. Xpr-1 from non-murine species binds both xenotropic and polytropic Env. 
? Gene symbol Up-/down regulation mRNA/Protein Experiment Organism Tissue/cell line/type PubMed ID Transcriptional regulator Regulator Gene ID PubMed ID. 
List of genes that are reported to be transcriptionally and translationally regulated by FGF-1 in humans and other mammals. 
Function PubMed ID Cell type/tissue Organism. 
Functions of FGF-1 identified in diverse cell/tissue types of human and other mammalian origins. 
Type ST * Human ** Mouse ** Source Target Receptor Signaling. 
The interferon family . 
Subtypes. 
Protein length in amino-acids and protein modifications (G: glycosylation, P: phosphorylation). 
13 genes and a pseudogene in the human genome, 14 genes and three pseudogenes in the mouse genome. 
Problem name Algorithmic approach Worst-case running time using straightforward implementation Approximation ratio. 
Theoretical comparison of worst-case performance of some of the algorithms for the transitive reduction problems. 
Type of Problem Given To Find Uses of Models. 
Type of models used in biological modelling. 
Incidence Matrix r1 r2 f b fb. 
The incidence matrix of the PN in Firgure 11, indicating the change in the token number of each place when a transition fires. The columns are the transitions and the rows the places. 
Data Resource URL. 
Selected data resources and databases for systems biology research. 
Name Category Model Representation Function URL. 
Partial list of computational systems biology simulation tools. 
Group The intimal thickness (?m) The ratio of intima to media thickness (I/M). 
Group Macrophages positive (%). 
ligand adaptor ?phase a ?mod b m  cos(?) c m  sin(?) c N d ? e E f. 
Lifetime calculated from the phase of the fluorescence at 40 MHz (±0.011 ns). 
Lifetime calculated from the modulation of the fluorescence at 40 MHz (±0.015 ns). 
Components of the cell population FLIM phasor: m represents the modulation and ? represents the phase. 
Number of cells. 
Apparent lifetime calculated by subtraction of background phasor. 
Apparent FRET efficiency calculated as E = 1 – (apparent lifetime(donor + adaptor)/2.8 ns). 
experiment ?phase a ?mod b fractionbound c CDbound d CDfree d relative brightness e. 
Lifetime calculated from the phase of the fluorescence at 40 MHz (±0.011 ns). 
Lifetime calculated from the modulation of the fluorescence at 40 MHz (±0.015 ns). 
Fraction of receptors bound to adaptor (i.e., fraction EGFR–eGFP bound to Grb2–mRFP). 
Cluster densities or number of aggregates per square micrometer. The label “bound” refers to images containing only EGFR–eGFP bound to Grb2–mRFP. The label “free” refers to images containing only EGFR–eGFP uncomplexed with Grb2–mRFP. 
Relative brightness (RB) of EGFR–eGFP/Grb2–mRFP complexes compared to uncomplexed EGFR–eGFP. Calculated from the equation RB = (fraction) g (0)bound/(1 – fraction) g (0)free. 
# groups # replicates. 
Characteristic Total HBsAg(+) HBsAg(-). 
Patients ID SNP site Amino acid change HBsAg Other coordinated mutation. 
Characteristics Case no. (n?=?110) %. 
Note: LN: lymph node;. 
Position in the esophagus. 
Normal epithelium ESCC  (n?=?98) (n?=?108)  R P R P. 
Note: R value is pearson?s correlation coefficient; P<0.05 is considered as significant. 
Sex Differentiation Clinic stage LN metastasis Protein Male Female W M-P I–II III ? +. 
Note: W: Well-differentiated ESCC; M: Moderately differentiated ESCC; P: Poorly differentiated. 
ESCC; LN: Lymph node; +, Low expression; ++, High expression; *P<0.05 is considered as significant. 
Precursor lesions P -value Protein Normal LGIN HGIN P a P b P c  Mean ± SD Mean ± SD Mean ± SD   . 
Note: Mean: Average of the integral intensity of all samples; a, Esophageal normal epithelium vs LGIN; b, Esophageal normal epithelium vs HGIN; c: LGIN vs HGIN. 
Amino Acid Cell culture medium Physiological medium. 
Target mRNA Accession number Sequence (5??3?). 
Mouse model Target niche and cells Treatment Ablation efficacy Experimental model References. 
Newly developed mouse models to study the role of neurogenesis by specific ablation of different types of NPCs . 
Dcx, doublecortin; EGFP, enhanced green fluorescent protein; GCV, ganciclovir; GFAP, green fibrillary acidic protein; HSV, herpes simplex virus; MCAO, middle cerebral artery occlusion; NSE-DTA, neuron-specific enolase 2–diphtheria toxin fragment A; SVZ, subventricular zone; SGZ, subgranular zone; TK, thymidine kinase . 
Variables  BDNF mRNA   TrkB mRNA   Co-expression     expression   expression   of BDNF/TrkB     high low  high low  high low   n (n?=?102) (n?=?121) p (n?=?171) (n?=?52) p (n?=?94) (n?=?129) p. 
TrkB mRNA expression indicates mRNA transcript levels of both TrkB.FL and TrkB.T1. 
Tumor type Direction of misregulation miR-125b targets Comments Ref. 
miR-125b associated with oncogenic signaling in cancer. 
NA: not analyzed. 
Tumor entity Direction of deregulation miR-125b targets Comments Ref. 
miR-125b associated with tumor suppressive signaling in cancer. 
NA: not analyzed. 
Tumor type Direction of misregulation miR-125b targets Comments Ref. 
miR-125b associated with oncogenic and tumor suppressive signaling in cancer. 
NA: not analyzed. 
Values in parentheses refer to the highest resolution shell. The crystals of the olokizumab-Fab:IL-6 complex diffracted well, as indicated. However, they proved to be sensitive to X-ray radiation damage – this is not uncommon in crystals of antibody Fab fragments. To take account of the radiation damage, the atoms most affected (mainly sulfur atoms, which form part of cysteine residues) were modeled to reduced occupancy, as suggested in the literature. 54 * R merge = ?| I j – < I > | / I j , where I j is the intensity of an individual observation of a reflection and < I > is the average intensity of that reflection. †The crystallographic asymmetric unit contains two copies of the olokizumab-Fab:IL-6 complex. ‡Calculated using the program MolProbity. 55 R.m.s.d. = root mean squared deviations. 
Gene mutations Proportion (%) Insufficient DNA samples. 
Results of gene mutations of KRAS, BRAF, PIK3CA and NRAS in AGC patients. 
  All wild-type KRAS codon 12/13 PIK3CA exon 9/20 NRAS codon12/13 KRAS, BRAF, NRAS, PIK3CA Mutant type P -value Mutant type P –value Mutant type P -value. 
Comparison of clinocopathological features by gene mutations status compared with all-wild type in patients with AGC patients. 
Abbreviations : ECOG PS Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status. We described the clinical data of 90 patients, and we excluded the patients whose tumor tissues had no gene mutations but at least one gene could not be evaluated. 
  Total Group A (non-metastatic group) Group B (metastatic group). 
Background characteristics of patients with total cohort, group A and group B. 
Abbreviations : ECOG PS Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status. Staging (TNM classification) is diagnosed by Japanese Classification of Gastric Carcinoma (The 13th Edition) , *including metastasis to regional lymph nodes. **resectable lesion. 
Receptors Stimulus Cell types expressed Diseases/animal models References. 
Receptors involved in microglial phagocytosis. 
Gains 1p34, 1q, 2p24, 2q23, 3p14, 3q29, 5p15.33, 6p21, 7p21, 7q11.23–22.1, 7q34, 7q35, 8q11.2, 9p24.3–qter, 9q22, 9qter, 10q25.2–26.3, 11q13–q23, 12p, 12q13.13–13. 3, 13q21.1, 14q11.2, 14q32.2, 15q21.3, 16p11.2, 16p13.3, 16pter, 17q21, 18, 19p13.1–13.3, 20p12, Xp21.2, and Xq26.3. 
Oncogenes DUSP12 (1q23.3), MYCN (2p24), DNASE1L3 (3q25.2), hTERT (5p15.33), NOTCH4 (6p21.32), EGFR (7p11.2), ARHGEF5 (7q34), EDG3 (9q22), SHC3 (9q22), TNC (9q33.1), NOTCH1 (9q34.3), STK32C (10q26.3), MDK (11p11.2), TYR (11p13), YAP1 (11q22), BIRC2 (11q22), BIRC3 (11q22), HOXC4 (12q13.13), MTA1 (14q32.33), SLC6A10 (16p11.2), PRM1 (16q12.2), CDC6 (17p13.3), VAV1 (19p13.3), and JAG1 (20p12.2). 
Blank Control Carrangeen Filipin Nocodazole. 
Filter-grown HUVEC were cultured for 4 d to form a tight monolayer. HUVEC monolayer was exposed to DiI-ox-LDL for 24 h, or pretreated with caveolae inhibitors for 1 h followed by DiI-ox-LDL incubation. After incubation, samples were taken from the apical and basolateral compartment and measured in a fluorescence spectrophotometer. Values were expressed as % apical DiI-Ox-LDL per well that crossed the Transwell membrane. 
Overlapping Significant Pathways KEGG Pathway Maps. 
Genes Related pathways p1 (L4 to D6) p2 (D6 to D15). 
Gene Forward Primer Reverse Primer. 
Gene Human homolog Organism Wild-type lifespan Life extension (%) Mechanism Gender References. 
Process Gene Funding Citations F/C F/TF AF AF/TF** YFC YFCA FC-A A-T. 
F/C, funding per citation; F/TF, funding for a specific gene as percentage of total funding; AF, funding for projects with the specific gene name and “aging” in the grant application; YFC, year of first citation; YFCA, year of first citation with “aging” in the abstract; FC-A, the time between first citation of the gene and citation with “aging”; A-T, the time between 2013 and the time of the first citation of the gene with “aging” in the abstract. 
Type Principle Advantages Disadvantages. 
miRNA, microRNA; cDNA, complementary DNA; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; dsDNA, double-stranded DNA; qRT-PCR, quantitative realtime PCR. 
Human microRNA Putative function/involved pathways Deregulation in tumors Molecular mechanisms and targets Diagnostic and prognostic markers. 
CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; AML, acute myelogenous leukemia; NF2, neurofibromatosis type 2; ncRNA, non-coding RNA; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; B-CLL, B-cell CLL; NZB, New Zealand black; LOH, loss of heterozygosity; 3?-UTR, 3?-untranslated region; E2F, E2 transcription factor; BL, bone lymphocyte; TRAIL, tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand; TGF-?, transforming growth factor beta. 
Locus: gene Familial or sporadic Alteration in familial melanoma Alteration in sporadic melanoma Melanoma samples analyzed. 
Modified from reference [24] . “–” indicates not applicable. 
Genetic change Background Latency/Penetranee Promoter Reference(s). 
f/f, flox/flox; CA, cre-activated; UVR, UV radiation; LSL, lox-stop-lox; sta, stable; Tyr, tyrosinase; MT, metallothionein; DCT, dopachrome tautomerase. 
Gene Forward primer sequence Reverse primer sequence. 
CTGF, connective tissue growth factor; RhoG, ras homolog gene family member G; ITGB1, integrin-?1; ROCK1, Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase 1. 
Classification TSG Full name Other names Location Functions Alterations in NPC Refs. 
Generic name Trade name Antibody format Antigen Approved indication FDA approval EMEA approval Sponsor. 
aGemtuzumab Ozogamicin (Mylotarg) was withdrawn from the market in 2010. bEdrecolomab (Panorex) was approved in Germany in 1995. c 131I-TNT (Cotara) was approved in China in 2003. dNimotuzumab (Theracim) was approved in Cuba, Argentina, Colombia, India, and China in 2005 and 2006. 
Therapeutic approach Metabolic target Agent References. 
HK, hexokinase; VDAC, voltage-dependent anion channel; LDH, lactate dehydrogenase; PDK, pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase; AMPK, AMP-activated protein kinase; HDAC, histone deacetylase; SAHA, suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid; AICAR, 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide; HIF-1: hypoxia-inducible factor-1; mTOR: mammalian target of rapamycin. 
Reference Study specifications Up-regulated miRNAs Down-regulated miRNAs. 
Results of studies attempting to determine the miRNA expression signature of pancreatic adenocarcinoma. PDAC, pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; CP, chronic pancreatitis. 
MicroRNA(s) Role Molecular target(s) Biological functlon(s) Reference(s). 
Reference Study specifications Up-regulated miRNAs Down-regulated miRNAs. 
Results of studies attempting to determine the miRNA expression signature of hepatocellular carcinoma. HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; CH, chronic hepatitis. 
MicroRNA(s) Role Molecular target(s) Biological function(s) Reference(s). 
Category Functions Diseases or functions annotation p value Molecules. 
IPA functional analysis of LOAD risk loci, gene groups >  4. 
aGroups of molecules related to cancer, immunity/immunological disease or inflammatory responses/inflammatory disease. The analysis produced an extensive list of gene groups significantly associated with an array of categories; however, we have only presented those with at least four molecules for brevity. 
Name (trade name), structure Year of approval, company Therapeutic indication, mode of action. 
Novel anticancer medicines based on natural products . 
Name n Q R 1 R 2 R 3 R 4 R 5 Therapeutic indication. 
Structures and therapeutic indications of vinca alkaloids . 
Name Genbank K25 K5 K5 + GIP Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Validation of microarray data by real-time quantitative RT-PCR. Real-time PCR was used to validate the change in gene expression detected by microarray and to support the survival effects of Gip on CGNs. 
Microarray (upper row): mean normalized value (Log scale); Quantitative RT-PCR (lower row): mean ± SEM of copies/100 pg RT-RNA. 
Symbol Gene Name KO vs WT koOD vs wtOD koGD vs wtGD koOGD vs wtOGD koTG vs wtTG koTM vs wtTM. 
Gene Symbol KO vs WT koTG vs wtTG koTM vs wtTM Functional Group. 
Gene Symbol KO vs WT koOD vs wtOD koOGD vs wtOGD Functional Group. 
Gene Symbol Gene description KO vs WT TM KO vs WT OGD. 
Variable Avy/a mice DIO mice  Control ROSI TEL TEL + ROSI Control ROSI TEL. 
BV/TV - Bone volume fraction; Tb.N. - trabecular number; Tb.Sp. - trabecular separation; Tb.Th. - trabecular thickness; Conn.D - connectivity density. N?=?6–8 mice per group. ap<0.05 vs . Control; bp<0.05 vs . ROSI. 
Marker Control ROSI TEL TEL + ROSI. 
BALP – bone-specific alkaline phosphatase; TRAP5b – tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase 5b isoform; ap<0.01 vs . control. 
Measurement Control ROSI TEL. 
IDI – indentation distance increase; TID – total indentation distance; CID – creep indentation distance; ap<0.05 vs . control; bp<0.05 vs . ROSI. 
Parameter Avy/a mice DIO mice  Control ROSI TEL Control ROSI TEL. 
BW – change in body weight from the beginning of treatment; eWAT – weight of epidydimal fat at the end of treatment; iBAT - weight of interscapular fat at the end of treatment; RG – serum random glucose levels at the end of treatment; TG – serum triglycerides levels at the end of treatment. a - p<0.05 vs control; b - p<0.05 vs ROSI. 
DNA Damage ?H2AX (%) Proliferation Ki-67 Apoptosis Caspase-3 (%) DDR sensor p-p53(%). 
Values are represented as mean + SE. 
Disease model Knockout mouse PPAR? agonist Decrease in lesion size, % References. 
ApoE, apolipoprotein E; LDL, low?density lipoprotein; PPAR?, peroxisome proliferator?activated receptor ?. 
Disease model Animal models Decrease in lesion size, % Dose, mg/kg/day References. 
ApoE, apolipoprotein E; AT1R, angiotensin II type 1 receptor. 
Disease model Animal models Decrease lesion size, % Dose References. 
ApoE, apolipoprotein E. 
Event Reaction Rate Rate’s derivative. 
The reaction table with x corresponding to p53, y 0 to Mdm2-precursor while y corresponds to Mdm2. 
The state of the reaction model is defined as x = [ x , y 0, y ] T while the parameter vector is defined as ? = [ b x , a x , a k , k , b y , a 0, a y ] T . 
Parameter b x a x a k k b y a 0 a y. 
Parameter values for the p53 model. 
EGF EGFR GAP Grb2 Sos Ras-GDP Shc. 
Initial population of the species for the EGFR network. 
  Control cells WT-Ras cells – TNF? – TNF?. 
The cooperativity of WT-Ras and TNF ? stimulates the transcriptional activity of NF-?B. 
MCF-7 cells were transfected with WT-Ras vector or with control vector, and were not-stimulated or stimulated by TNF? (50 ng/ml). Stimulation of the transcriptional activity of NF-?B was determined in cells transfected to express the luciferase gene under the control of 3 conserved repeats of NF-?B binding sites, using dual luciferase assay. Control vector-transfected non-stimulated cells were given the value of 1. The table presents the results obtained in 3 independent experiments, whose average results are shown in Figure  4 B. Please see “Methods” for additional details on the experimental procedures performed in this part of the study. 
  Control cells WT-Ras cells   WT CXCL8 promoter AP-1 mutated CXCL8 promoter WT CXCL8 promoter AP-1 mutated CXCL8 promoter. 
TNF ?? +?WT-Ras up-regulate CXCL8 expression via the activation of AP-1. 
MCF-7 cells were transfected with WT-Ras vector or with control vector, and were not-stimulated or stimulated by TNF? (50 ng/ml). Stimulation of the transcriptional activity of AP-1 was determined in cells transfected to express the luciferase gene under the control of WT AP-1, or mutated AP-1 binding sites in the CXCL8 promoter, using dual luciferase assay. Control vector-transfected non-stimulated cells were given the value of 1. The table presents the results obtained in 3 independent experiments. Please see “Methods” for additional details on the experimental procedures performed in this part of the study. 
Protein HIV vs. control fold change P-value HIV vs. TAK fold change P-value Location. 
Differently expressed total proteins in HIV-infected-monocytes co-cultured with HBMEC. 
HBMEC: human brain microvascular endothelial cells; HIV: human immunodeficiency virus-1. 
Unadjusted P values, P values adjusted for multiple comparisons using Tukey post-hoc test, and P values adjusted for false discovery rate using the Benjamini & Hochberg method were all significant. Table show P values adjusted using the Benjamini & Hochberg method. 
Src: v-src sarcoma viral oncogene homolog; MKK3/MAP2K3: mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase3; PKC: protein kinase C; p130Cas: breast cancer anti-estrogen resistance 1; MKK7/MAP2K7: mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 7; CAMK2: calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase-2; PLC: phospholipase C; c-raf: v-raf-1 murine leukemia viral oncogene homolog 1; WAVE1: WAS protein family 1; LIMK1: LIM domain kinase 1. 
Phospho-protein/total protein HIV vs. CONTROL HIV?+?TAK vs. CONTROL HIV vs. HIV?+?TAK Name Fold change P-value Fold change P-value Fold change P-value. 
Phosphorylated proteins differentially expressed when normalized to total proteins or actin levels. 
P-values were adjusted using the Benjamini & Hochberg test. 
Unadjusted P values, P values adjusted for multiple comparisons using Tukey post-hoc test, and P values adjusted for false discovery rate using the Benjamini & Hochberg method were all significant. Table show P values adjusted using the Benjamini & Hochberg method. 
VASP: vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein; CaMK1: calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase-1; ERK: extracellular signal-regulated kinases; MEK / MKK: mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase; FAK: focal adhesion kinase. 
HIV-1 status ID Gender/Age (y) PMI (h) Neurocognition/Neuropathology Other autopsy diagnosis. 
Clinical history of brain tissues donors. 
Neg indicates HIV seronegative; Pos, HIV seropositive; HAD, HIV-associated dementia; HIVE, HIV encephalitis; y, years; M, male; F, female; ? or N/A, not available; and PMI, postmortem interval; AIDS, acquired immunodeficiency syndrome; COPD: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; TB, tuberculosis. 
      IC 50 (?g/ml) ± SEM       Cancer cell lines     Solvents A549 MCF-7. 
Cytotoxic effect [IC 50 (?g/ml)] of Phyllanthus extracts against A549 and MCF-7. 
Spot ID Possible proteins Fold change UNIPROT KB/SWISS-PROT Acc. Number Database APN APU APW APA. 
Identified proteins of A549 downregulated (-) in the presence of aqueous Phyllanthus extracts. 
The negative (-) symbol signified suppression of the proteins and a value of 1.00 indicates the complete absence of this protein in the aqueous Phyllanthus -treated sample as compared to the untreated-control sample and the degree of suppression reduces as the value increases. APN – Aqueous P. niruri , APU – Aqueous P. urinaria , APW – Aqueous P. watsonii , APA – Aqueous P. amarus, N/A – Not Affected. 
Spot ID Possible proteins Fold change UNIPROT KB/SWISS-PROT Acc. Number Database MPN MPU MPW MPA. 
Identified proteins of A549 downregulated (-) in the presence of methanolic Phyllanthus extracts. 
The negative (-) symbol signified suppression of the proteins and a value of 1.00 indicates the complete absence of this protein in the methanolic Phyllanthus -treated sample as compared to the untreated-control sample and the degree of suppression reduces as the value increases. MPN – Methanolic P. niruri , MPU – Methanolic P. urinaria , MPW – Methanolic P. watsonii , MPA – Methanolic P. amarus, N/A – Not Affected. 
Characteristics Patients number (%). 
Characteristics of patients with rectal cancer. 
ECOG PS: indicates Eastern Collaborative Oncology Group Performance Status. 
FOXO Cellular function Pathway or target Reference. 
Cellular functions regulated by FOXO transcription factors. 
Listed are cellular functions and related transcriptional targets or pathways that have been reported to be directly regulated by FOXO transcription factors. The effect of FOXO is depicted by increasing (+) or decreasing (?) the indicated cellular activity. 
Fraction Buffers MDA-MB435 Protein, % HeLa Protein, % MEF Protein, % pMEF Protein, %. 
PNF: perinuclear fraction, cNF: core nuclear fraction. 
    Cyt: cytosol; PN: perinucleus; Nuc: nucleus; Mt: mitochondrion # Proteins MDA-MB-435 HeLa MEF pMEF. 
Sporadic HNPCC CAC Serrated pathway Sporadic indonesia?. 
Summary of clinicopathology and genetic alterations of various colorectal carcinogenesis pathways. 
Primer direction Primer sequence %GC Resulting fragment bp. 
Primer sequence and resulting fragment length for growth factor gene polymerase chain reaction (PCR). 
Row Genotype Restriction pattern length (bp). 
The result of RFLP genotyping. 
Variable CRC patients (n=220) Controls (n=220). 
Characteristics of the study population. 
Genotypes CRC patients n=220(%) Controls n=220(%) P-value Unadjusted OR (95%CI) Adjusted OR (95%CI) *. 
The genotype and allele frequencies of EGF rs4444903 among CRC patients and controls. 
OR (95%CI): odds ratio (95% confidence interval). 
Genotype Stage 0 Stage I Stage II Stage III Stage IV P value. 
Tumor-stage specific distribution of EGF rs4444903 genotypes among colorectal cancer patients. 
KEGG Pathway Number of genes % P-Value. 
The KEGG pathways related to the up-regulated expressed genes in GCA pattern. 
KEGG Pathway Number of genes % P-Value. 
The KEGG pathways related to the down-regulated expressed genes in GCA pattern. 
GO categories GO name No. of genes P-value. 
GO-discovered categories for the genes that up-regulated in the GCA pattern. 
GO categories GO name Number of genes P_Value. 
GO-discovered categories for the genes that down-regulated in the GCA pattern. 
Gene ID Previous ID Chromosome Product description Protein length Nonsynonymous SNPs in all strains Synonymous SNPs in all strains. 
Details of genes involved in isoprenoid metabolism and their polymorphisms in P. falciparum 3D7. 
? Type I tumors Type II tumors. 
Summary of clinicopathological features and molecular genetic alterations of two types of ovarian carcinoma. 
No. Gene Name Reads Number Description Blast E-Value. 
Gene name Description Gene name Description. 
Pathway name KO identifier Mapped genes Known genes. 
Parental virus Cancer type CSC source Permissiveness Comments Reference. 
Summary of oncolytic virotherapy studies utilizing cancer stem cell models. 
Abbreviations: BG, O6-benzylguanine; Cox2, cyclooxygenase-2; CSC, cancer stem cell; HSV, herpes simplex virus; IL, interleukin; MDR, multidrug resistance; MGMT, O6-methylguanine-DNA-methyltransferase; oHSV, oncolytic HSV; TAM, tumor-associated macrophage; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; DARPins, designed ankyrin repeat proteins. 
ID Outer domain Inner domain Linker Titer (mg/L) SEC % of monomer. 
Unique ID ELISA Binding FACS Binding Blocking capacity (%)  BMAX EC50 (nM) BMAX EC50 (nM) ELISA FACS  (Absorbance)  (MFI)  Biotin-1 Biotin-2 Biotin-1 Biotin-2. 
Unique ID Biacore Kinetic Rate Parameters  On-rate (M-1s-1) Off-rate (s-1) KD (nM). 
Forward (5?-3?) Reverse (5?-3?). 
Year Author Sample Specific diabetes type Risk of specific cancer. 
Specific diabetic types were not analyzed sufficiently in most publications. In such papers, it is likely that most were type 2 diabetes; we described these as ‘diabetes’ in the table if not distinguished clearly in the publication. HR, hazard ratio; OR, odds ratio; RR; relative risk; SIR, standardized incidence ratio; SMR, standard mortality ratio. 
Characteristic Number of patients %. 
Demographic data of Chinese patients. 
Response Ce-SOX SOX P. 
Response rates of c etuximab in combination with S-1 and oxaliplatin (Ce-SOX) and S-1 and oxaliplatin (SOX) groups. 
Type of toxicity Grade 1 to 2 Grade 3 to 4   Ce-SOX SOX P Ce-SOX SOX P. 
Incidence of hematological and nonhematological toxicities. 
Compound R1 R2 R3 R4 Compound R1 R2 R3 R4. 
compounds IC50 ( µ M) GI50 ( µ M) compounds IC50 ( µ M) GI50 ( µ M)  B-RafV600E WM266.4  B-RafV600E WM266.4. 
compounds -CDOCKER INTERACTION ENERGY?Gb (kcal/mol) compounds -CDOCKER INTERACTION ENERGY?Gb (kcal/mol). 
Group BWT [g] LKW [g] KW/BWT ratio [%] HBA1c [%] ACR [mg/mmol]. 
*p<0.05,. 
p<0.01 vs. FVB;. 
p<0.05 vs. OVE26-V. 
gene_id Control DM fold_change p_value gene_name. 
gene_id Control DM % decrease p_value Gene_Name. 
Comparison Number of genes List of gene symbols Number of annot. terms List of annot. terms Annotation findings. 
A brief synopsis of the annotation findings is shown in the last column. For these analyses, dysregulation encompasses both up- and down-regulation of expression (see text). 
“S-” refers to the Supplementary Table number (i n File S1 ) depicting the list of genes or results of functional annotation. 
Organism/Plasmid Description Source/reference G. lamblia   ATCC 30957 Clinical isolation ATCC. 
Amp, ampicillin; Kan, kanamycin;. 
, resistant; DNA-BD, DNA binding domain; AD-activation domain; HA, haemagglutinin. 
Name Nucleotide sequences(5?-3?). 
Restriction enzyme sites are underlined. 
Mutation sites are indicated in bold and italic letters. 
  Discovery set ( n =838), n (%)   Test set ( n =838)   Variables HAGE-negative ( n =769) HAGE-positive ( n =69) Adjusted P -value HAGE-negative ( n =769) HAGE-positive ( n =69) Adjusted P -value. 
Abbreviations: Basal like=negative expression of both ER and HER2 and either positive expression of EGFR, cytokeratin 14 or cytokeratin 5/6; Bax=BCL2-associated X protein; Bcl2=B-cell CLL/lymphoma 2; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; ER=oestrogen receptor; HAGE=helicase antigen; HER2 (ERBB2)=v-erb-b2 erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene homolog 2, neuro/glioblastoma derived oncogene homolog (avian); HER3 (ERBB3)=v-erb-b2 erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene homolog 3 (avian), HER4 (ERBB4)=human epidermal receptor 4, IDC-NST=invasive ductal carcinoma – no special type; KIF2C=kinesin family member 2C; SPAG5=sperm-associated antigen 5, TOP2A=topoisomerase (DNA) II alpha. 
Nottingham histological grading system. 
Statistically significant. 
  BCSS at 10 years DFS at 10 years   Training set Test set Training set Test set Variables HR 95% CI P HR 95% CI P HR 95% CI P HR 95% CI P. 
Abbreviations: Bcl2=B-cell CLL/lymphoma 2; BCSS=breast cancer-specific survival; CI=confidence interval; DFS=disease-free survival; ER=oestrogen receptor; HAGE=helicase antigen; HER2=HER2 (ERBB2)=v-erb-b2 erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene homolog 2, neuro/glioblastoma derived oncogene homolog (avian); HR=hazard ratio. 
M1=low; mitoses<10, M2=medium; mitoses 10–18, M3=high; mitoses>18. *Statistically significant ( P <0.05). 
Factors OR 95% CI P. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; HAGE=helicase antigen; OR=odds ratio; TNM=Tumour, Node, Metastases; TOP2A=topoisomerase (DNA) II alpha. 
TIL, HAGE and TOP2A are independent predictors for pathological complete response. 
**Nottingham histological grading system. 
Statistically significant. 
Cell type Expression of PARs Regulator of PARs PAR-1 PAR-2 PAR-3 PAR-4 Upregulation Downregulation. 
Expression of protease activated receptors (PARs) on inflammatory cells. 
MC: mast cell; Eos: eosinophil; Neu: neutrophil; Mon: monocyte; Mac: macrophage; TC: T cell; BC: B cell; DC: dendritic cell; RANTES: regulated upon activation normal T cell expressed and secreted; TNF: tumor necrosis factor; GM-CSF: granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; IL: interleukin; IFN: interferon; APS: antiphospholipid syndrome; MMIF: macrophage migration inhibitory factor; LPS: lipopolysaccharides; FA: fatty acids; HIV: human immunodeficiency virus; AC: American cockroach; GC: German cockroach; na: not available. 
Cell type Expression of PARs Regulator of PARs PAR-1 PAR-2 PAR-3 PAR-4 Upregulation Downregulation. 
Expression of protease activated receptors (PARs) on structural cells. 
EpC: epithelial cell; EnC: endothelial cell; Fibro: fibroblast; SMC: smooth muscle cell; Kerat: keratinocyte; NE: neutrophil elastase; LPS: lipopolysaccharides; HCMV: human cytomegalovirus; MMIF: macrophage migration inhibitory factor; TNF: tumor necrosis factor; IL: interleukin; bFGF: basic fibroblast growth factor; PG: prostaglandin; na: not available. 
Agonist Targeted cell Response of cell. 
(a). 
Antagonist Targeted cell Response of cell. 
(b). 
PBMC: peripheral blood mononuclear cells; A549: A549 epithelial cells; Mon: monocyte; TC: T cell; HPDF: human primary dermal fibroblast; CHAEC: cultured human airway epithelial cell; EnC: endothelial cell; HBEC: human bronchial epithelial cell; Neu: neutrophil; Astr: astrocytes; HPBF: human primary bronchial fibroblasts; Eos: eosinophil; MC: mast cell; HUVEC: human umbilical vein endothelial cell; AEC: airway epithelial cells; MH-S: alveolar macrophage cell lines; RAW264.7: peritoneal macrophage cell lines; PHKC: primary human keratinocyte; HTEC: kidney tubular epithelial cells; Kerat: keratinocyte; BEAS-2B: human airway epithelial cell line BEAS-2B; Calu-3: human airway epithelial cell line Calu-3; HDF: human dental pulp fibroblast-like cells; PL: platelet; HSC: hepatic stellate cell; HVC: human vascular cell; HT29: human colon adenocarcinoma cell line; Panc-1: pancreas epithelioid carcinoma line Panc-1; MKN1: human gastric carcinoma cell line MKN1; MKN45: human gastric carcinoma cell line MKN45; MDA-MB231: breast adenocarcinoma cell line MDA-MB231; Mac: macrophage; IL: interleukin; MCP-1: monocyte chemoattractant protein-1; MMP: matrix metalloproteinase; VCAM: vascular cell adhesion molecule; VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor; PG: prostaglandin; LF: lactoferrin; TNF: tumor necrosis factor; ROS: reactive oxygen species; G-CSF: granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; cys-LT: cysteinyl leukotrienes; MUC5AC: mucin5AC; GM-CSF: granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; TSLP: thymic stromal lymphopoietin; SOD: superoxide; His: histamine; ICAM: intercellular adhesion molecule. 
Disease PAR involved Response of cell or molecule. 
Roles of PARs in allergic diseases. 
VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor; CHAEC: cultured human airway epithelial cell; Cx: connexin; NEC: nasal epithelial cell; TGF: transforming growth factor; AHR: airway hyperresponsiveness; SMC: smooth muscle cell; BALF: bronchoalveolar lavage fluid; TNF: tumor necrosis factor; HAEC: human airway epithelial cells; GM-CSF: granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; mDC: myeloid DC; TSLP: thymic stromal lymphopoietin; CCL20: chemokine C-C motif ligand 20; PGE2: prostaglandin E2. 
Porphyrin % N T § % Ap C § % Ne C § % Debris. 
Percentage of normal, apoptotic and necrotic B78-H1 cells treated with P2, P4 or C14. 
&P2 and P4 used at 250 nM, C14 used at 10 nM; § NT?=?untreated cells; Ap C?=?apoptotic cells; Ne C?=?necrotic cells. 
  Sequence5????3? T M [°C] CD KCl (mM)]. 
Circular dichroism data of 5?-UTR sequences in mKRAS and mNRAS. 
Ligand Chromosomal localization Protein molecular weight Isoforms Expression sites High levels of expression Role/remarks Receptors References. 
Different members of ligands of VEGF family and characteristics and properties. 
aa: amino acids. 
Ec: endothelial cell. 
VEGF XXX : the number of amino acids on the polypeptide chain. 
*VEGFXXXb: Antiangiogenic isoforms. 
? Receptor Chromosomal localization Molecular weight Properties High levels of expression Role Binding Protein References. 
Different members of receptors of VEGF family and some characteristics and properties. 
PAF: platelet activating factor. 
VEGF factor Role References. 
VEGF neurotrophic activity (adapted from Keifer et al., 2014 [ 198 ]). 
VEGF Role References. 
VEGF activity in dendritogenesis, synaptic plasticity, and axonal growth in adult brain (adapted from Mackenzie and Ruhrberg, 2012 [ 167 ]). 
Administration Direct Indirect/Remote. 
Summary of themode of administration and delivery form ofVEGF, its advantages, and disadvantages (adapted from Keifer et al., 2014 [ 198 ]). 
Experimental model Experimental method Main altered proteome Reference. 
Cardiac proteome modulated by pathologic cardiac hypertrophy. 
ANP: atrial natriuretic polypeptide; CHF: chronic heart failure; CK: creatine kinase; cTnl: cardiac troponin; dTGR: double transgenic rats harbouring human renin and angiotensin genes; ET-1: endothelin-1; ETF- ? : electron transfer flavoproteins- ? ; FABP-H: heart fatty acid binding protein; GSTM2: glutathione-S-transferase; Hadha: mitochondrial trifunctional enzyme alpha subunit; HSP: heat shock proteins 60, 70, and D1; ISO: isoproterenol; LDH: lactate dehydrogenase; LVH: left ventricle hypertrophy; MLC 2 and 3: myosin light chain 2 and 3; NDUFA10: NADH dehydrogenase 1 alpha subcomplex 10; RHR: animal model of secondary hypertension performed by clipping renal arteries; SCAD: Short-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase; SHR: spontaneously hypertensive rat; TCA: tricarboxylic cycle; TPI: triosephosphate isomerase; WKY: Wistar-Kyoto; ? -MHC: ? -myosin heavy chain. 
Challenges and future perspectives in cardiac proteome in hypertension research. 
NGS: next generation sequencing. 
Weight loss Stool consistency Rectal bleeding. 
mRNA species Accession no. Primer sequence. 
Clinicopathological factors n eIF4E expression Value Integrin ?v?6 expression P Value. 
Association between eIF4E expression, integrin ?v?6 expression and clinicopathologic variables in colon cancer cases. 
Footnote: #Date of T1 and T2 were combined into one set for chi-square test. 
*Log-rank test. 
eIF4E Integrin ?v?6 Total   Negative Positive  . 
Correlation between integrin ?v?6 expression and eIF4E expression in human colonic carcinoma tissues (r?=?0.299, P?<?0.001). 
Variable Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis   Relative risk 95% CI P Value Relative risk 95% CI P Value. 
Univariate and multivariate analysis of association of clinicopathologic features with 5-year survival in colon cancer cases. 
Active trials with PI3K pathway inhibitors in prostate cancer and solid tumor malignancies. 
NMDA Receptor Subunit Experimental Paradigm Experimental Finding References. 
Changes in NMDA receptor subunits in schizophrenia and psychotic patients. 
Here we summarize the most relevant findings on the modifications of NMDA receptor subunit expression in relevant cerebral areas of schizophrenia and psychotic patients, along with the experimental techniques used to carry out the observations (PFC, prefrontal cortex). 
AMPA/Kainate Receptor Subunit Experimental Paradigm Experimental Finding References. 
Changes in non-NMDA receptor subunits in schizophrenia and psychotic patients. 
This table reports the modifications of non-NMDA (i.e. AMPA and kainate) receptor expression in relevant cerebral areas of schizophrenia patients, along with the experimental technique used to carry out the observations (DLPFC, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; PFC, prefrontal cortex). 
mGluR Receptor Experimental Paradigm Experimental Finding References. 
Changes in metabotropic glutamate receptors in schizophrenia patients. 
This table summarizes the reports on the changes in metabotropic glutamate receptor expression in schizophrenia patients (DLPFC, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; PFC, prefrontal cortex). 
Cell line Tumor origin Doxo (nM) Trabectedin (nM) Zalypsis (nM). 
IC50±SD values (nM) of a panel of low-passaged sarcoma cell lines in response to trabectedin, Zalypsis, and doxorubicin. 
The data represent the average IC50?±?SD of three experiments performed independently. In the case of doxorubicin, only the average IC50 is shown. MPNST: Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor. GIST: Gastrointestinal stromal tumor. 
Genotype RNAi a % Elm Animals b n. 
RNAi, RNA interference; VPC, vulval precursor cell. 
unc-73(RNAi) is used as the negative control. 
The Elm cell-cycle quiescence defects were scored using the more sensitive measure of extra VPC production by directly examining animals at the L2-to-L3 molt. 
Hras G12V mutation Hras G12V copy number increase Hras Q61L mutation. 
Gene in Papillomas of Hras G12V/+ Mice Treated With DMBA/TPA. 
Target Target antigen Lm -based Vaccine Lm -strain Lm -expressed Antigen References. 
Lm -based vaccines in development that target clinically-relevant tumor-associated antigens . 
Residue mutation Exon Type of mutation Nucleotide change Family origin References. 
Mutations of the HJV gene linked to JH . 
Class of phenolic compounds Examples of specific phenolic compounds researched. 
Examples of phenols present in honey with anticancer properties*. 
*Table modified from Abubakar et al. [ 20 ]. 
Strategy Target References. 
Examples of strategies to overcome the cytolytic properties of melittin. 
aHecate-CGb: the beta chain of human chorionic gonadotropin. 
Form of Silk Potential Use References. 
Examples of potential use of silk biopolymers in medicine. 
Cells treated Results References. 
Examples of recent studies on the use of cantharidin. 
Factors/processes mediated by maggot extracts and secretions Effect on wound References. 
Summary of factors/processes involved in maggot therapy of infected wounds. 
  Cell lines 1 Diploidy cells (%) Tetraploidy cells (%) N 2. 
Aur A/B and BRCA1/2 mediate cell polyploidy. 
1For each cell line, 30–36 cells in metaphase in every slide were examined. The assays were repeated three times. The increase or decrease of cells with diploidy or tetraploidy was indicated as “?” or “?”, respectively. * p ?<?0.05. S, AB or B1B2 represent cells expressing Scr, Aur Ai-Aur Bi or BRCA1i-BRCA2i used for statistical analysis. 
2?N represents the total number (N) of cells karyotyped for each cell line. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse Primer. 
Sample ID Gender Age at resection Location Mutation Characteristic. 
Abbreviations: A: adrenal, E: extra-adrenal, F: female, HN: head and neck, ID: identifier, M: male, MM: metastatic metastases, N: normal, P: primary non-metastatic, PM: primary metastatic. 
1A EGFR wt EGFR amp % amp. 
Summary of EGFR and NFKBIA copy number variation in primary GBM (BT) and corresponding neurospheres (NS). 
Outcome of increased SOCS2 expression  No NGF With NGF. 
SOCS2:TrkA interaction and outcome summary . 
Increased expression of SOCS2 (relative to endogenous levels of SOCS2), either in SOCS2TG mice (DRG neurons) or by transfection of cell lines (PC12 and 293T cells) alters the outcome of NGF-induced signaling. Increased SOCS2 does not affect NGF-mediated DRG neuron survival, with equivalent levels of survival with NGF and cell death in the absence of NGF. However, increased SOCS2 levels promote increased neurite outgrowth under basal conditions, which is further enhanced by NGF. It also increases total and surface TrkA levels (in PC12 cells the increased surface levels correlate with increased total levels) and increases the level and duration of signaling via the PI-3 kinase (AKT) and ERK1/2 pathways. The mechanism for this differential outcome of SOCS2 on NGF-mediated survival vs. neurite outgrowth remains to be determined, as does how SOCS2 influences neurite outgrowth, but likely involves ubiquitination and altered TrkA cellular localization due to the E3 ubiquitin ligase activity of the SOCS box . 
Virus Mouse strain Locus of insertion (frequency %) Tumor type. 
Pim1 as a proviral integration site . 
Mouse model Expression of transgene Phenotype. 
Mouse models overexpressing Pim proteins . 
Mouse model Phenotype Reference. 
Mouse models with deletions of the Pim proteins . 
Transgenic model Integration site Phenotype and latency (non-infected versus infected with M-MuLV). 
Proviral integration in the pim loci and cooperating oncogenes after M-MuLV infection of transgenic mice . 
aIn this case, the comparison is carried out between pim1-expressing and infected pim-null mice . 
bInfection with wild-type and sup-F M-MuLV . 
cInfection with MOL4070LTR . 
Mouse model Single-transgenic phenotype Double-transgenic phenotype. 
Contribution of Pim1 overexpression to tumorigenesis in double-transgenic mouse models . 
Mouse model and phenotype Carcinogen: dose and time of treatment Carcinogen action Phenotype Increased levels of oncogenes or K-ras mutation. 
Carcinogens strongly induce tumorigenesis in Pim mouse models . 
n.d., not determined . 
Categories NO. of patients Relative levels of miR-206 (mean?±?SEM) P-value. 
Clinicopathologic characteristics of miR-206. 
Abbreviation Common name IUPAC name. 
Nomenclature of the oxysterols [ 3 ] discussed in this review. 
Receptor (or rec. family) Function References. 
Cellular receptors for oxysterols. 
* The indicated references are review articles included to avoid excessive listing of literature. 
Immunogen Antibody Source Clone Dilution Manufacturer . 
List of antibodies used in this study. 
Protein Subcellular location Function Reference. 
Proteins that bind or regulate mortalin and corresponding functions. 
Cancer type Differential expression/functional significance of glycolipids Reference. 
Glycolipid Profiles in Cancer. Examples of altered glycosphingolipid expression in cancer are listed. The significance of these alterations for the cancer phenotype, if established, is also given. 
Control FA IR6 IR24 IR48 IR6+FA IR24+FA IR48+FA. 
Serum glutamate pyruvate transaminase (SGPT), serum glutamate oxaloacetate transaminase (SGOT) and Alkaline phosphatase (ALP) levels were determined from mice liver at different time points after radiation exposure. Radiation induced a significant increase in SGPT, SGOT and ALP level after 24 and 48 hours of irradiation. FA significantly ameliorated the radiation induced alteration of liver function. 
Sham CHF P. 
CHF, Chronic heart failure; EDD, End-diastolic diameter; ESD, End-systolic diameter; FS, fractional shortening; EF, ejection fraction. 
Sham-S Sham-Ex CHF-S CHF-Ex. 
CHF, chronic heart failure; -S, Sedentary; -Ex, Exercise-trained; RV, right ventricle mass; EDD, End-diastolic diameter; ESD, End-systolic diameter; EF, left ventricular ejection fraction. 
* P <0.05 vs. Sham-S. 
Sham-S Sham-Ex CHF-S CHF-Ex. 
CHF, chronic heart failure; -S, Sedentary; -Ex, Exercise-trained; AngI, Angiotensin I. 
* P <0.05 vs. Sham-S;. 
† P <0.05 vs. CHF-S. 
Functional Annotation p-value Proteins (gene name). 
Target(s) Phase of testing Clinical trial number. 
PI3K/Akt/mTOR inhibitors in clinical trials for hematologic malignancies . 
Akt, A serine/threonine protein kinase B; COG, Children’s Oncology Group; DNA-PK, DNA-dependent protein kinase; HDAC, histone deacetylase;. 
mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; TACL, Therapeutic Advances in Childhood Leukemia consortium. 
NCT, ClinicalTrials.gov identifier. 
Open pediatric trials . 
Classification of endometrial cancers . 
Drug Target Disease Reference Drug class Mechanism/ligand. 
Summary of integrin alpha4 targeting drugs . 
MS, multiple sclerosis; IBD, inflammatory bowel disease; UC, ulcerative colitis; RA, rheumatoid arthritis; EAE, experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis; LDV, leucine–aspartic acid–valine . 
Trial/type of study Treatment/population Outcomes. 
Clinical trials of histone deacetylase inhibitors for the treatment of ovarian cancer in the United States . 
www.clinicaltrials.gov (accessed 4/23/2014) . 
CR, complete response; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; ORR, overall response rate . 
Subfamily Proposed name SilkDB ID KAIKObase ID Amino acid residues (aa) Molecular weight (Da) PI Subcellular localization Domain Chromosome. 
Inventory of BTB protein genes in the silkworm genome. 
Note: cyto: cytosol; nucl: nuclear; mito: mitochondrion; m: mitochondrion. 
Subfamily Silkworm (Lepidoptera) Fruit fly (Diptera) Honey bee (Hymenoptera) Red flour beetle (Coleoptera) Monarch butterfly (Lepidoptera). 
Number variation of the members of each BTB protein subfamily in the silkworm and other insects. 
Note: — represents no identification. 
Tumor cell growth and COX inhibitory activity of a panel of NSAIDs. 
1 Human HT29 colon cells, 72 hrs, MTS assay [unpublished data]; 2 Whole blood COX assays [ 40 ]; 3 Therapeutic dosages [ 41 ]. 
Inhibition of colon tumorigenesis in rats by sulindac sulfone and sulindac. 
* P < 0.05; ** Sum of sizes (cm) of adenomas and adenocarcinomas. 
Channel type Function References. 
Some ion channels and transporters relevant in oncology. 
The listed examples refer, with no pretension of exhaustiveness, to the proteins under active study in the field and mentioned in the main text. Table also includes the membrane-bound carbonic anhydrases, which are also mentioned in the text. In addition, the references include a few recent reviews expanding on themes only cursorily treated here (e.g. [ 3 ] and [ 63 ]). 
Approach Examples References. 
Possible approaches to target ion channels and transporters in oncology. 
Table summarizes the main possible approaches for targeting ion channels and transporters, with possible oncological relevance. The listed examples specifically refer to some channel and transporter types under active study in the field and mentioned in the main text. The references include a few recent reviews expanding on themes only cursorily treated here (e.g. [ 119 ]). 
Molecule AGF bound Reference. 
Endogenous antiangiogenic molecules that bind and sequester AGFs in the extracellular environment. TSP-1 is highlighted in grey. 
MOLECULE MECHANISM OF ACTION. 
Endogenous antiangiogenic molecules and their mechanisms of action. TSP-1 is evidenced in grey. 
In view of the extensive literature, here we only report inhibitors of FGF2 as a prototypic AGF. 
Ligand Binding domain in TSP-1 Reference. 
TSP-1 ligands and their binding domains in the TSP-1 structure. 
N.D., not determined. HSPGs, reported here as cell surface receptors, are also constituents of ECM. Conversely, dermatan- and chondroitin-sulfates, reported as ECM components, also exist as saccharidic chains of cell surface proteoglycans. 
Molecule References. 
Natural and synthetic molecules that induce over-expression of TSP-1. 
Pro- and antiangiogenic TSP-1-derived peptides. 
increase proteolytic activity of EC. 
interaction with integrins, HSPG, LRP. 
disassembly of focal adhesion and EC migration. 
?3?1 integrin antagonists. 
various. 
CD36-mediated EC apoptosis. 
inhibition of EC response to AGF. 
binding to protein/glycosaminoglycans. 
TGF-?activation. 
integrin antagonist. 
FGF-2 binding and sequestration. 
CD47 binding. 
Translocation Translocation partner Epidemiology. 
Variant translocations in APL [based on Ref. ( 11 ) and http://atlasgeneticsoncology.org/index.html ] . 
Vitamin D compound No. of patients Response Reference. 
Clinical trials using vitamin D compounds in AML patients ( 117 ) . 
Cytogenetic or molecular abnormality Fusion protein or mutated protein OS after 10?years (%). 
Impact of selected cytogenetic abnormalities on disease outcome based on Ref. ( 135 , 139 ) . 
OS, overall survival . 
? Hyperglycemia Insulin. 
Effects of hyperglycemia and insulin on innate immune cells. 
? Intensive Moderate. 
Comparison of intensive and moderate insulin treatment. 
miRNA Expression status Target genes Potential clinical value* Reference. 
Important miRNAs deregulated in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. 
*D: biomarker for diagnosis, P: predictive value for prognosis, C: indicator for chemosensitivity, T: potential target for treatment. 
PTEN: phosphatase and tensin homolog, PDCD4: programed cell death 4, TPM1: tropomyosin 1, TIMP3: tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases 3, CDKN1B (p27): cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B, PUMA: p53 upregulated modulator of apoptosis, TP53INP1: tumor protein 53-induced nuclear protein 1, SEL1L: Sel-1-like, HOXB8: Homeobox B8, ANXA1: annexin A1, HMGA2: high-mobility group AT-hook 2, SOCS6: cytokine-induced signaling 6, LATS2: large tumour suppressor homolog 2, Spry2: Sprouty2, HOXA1: Homeobox A1, FGFRL1: fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1, HOXA9: Homeobox A9, CCNE1: cyclin E1, TCL1: T cell leukemia/lymphoma 1, DNMT3b: DNA methyltransferase 3b, Mitf: microphthalmia associated transcription factor, CCKBR: cholecystokinin-B receptor, BCL2: B cell lymphoma 2, MSLN: mesothelin, PBX-1: Pre-B-cell leukemia homeobox factor 1, VCP: valosin-containing protein, TRAF6: TNF receptor-associated factor 6, IRAK1: interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase 1, Stat1: signal transducer and activator of transcription 1, Stat3: signal transducer and activator of transcription 3, PDK1: 3-phosphoinositide dependent protein kinase-1, MAPK: Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase. 
Stress Drought Salt Cold Heat. 
Rice GeneChips in response to abiotic stresses. 
Families sHsp Hsp60 Hsp70 Hsp90 Hsp100 Total. 
Numbers of Hsps identified in this paper. 
First step: Proteins that were annotated as heat shock proteins and contained the specific domains of heat shock proteins were downloaded from Uniprot database; Second step: Hsp candidates, whose expression value was absent in GSE6901 or GSE14275, were filtered out; Third step: Candidates, whose expression patterns were strongly correlated with the patterns of the HR probe-sets, were ultimately recognized as heat shock proteins. 
Name Unit Set1 Set2 Set3 Set4 Set5 Set6 Set7. 
Parameter values. 
Primer name Sequence (5'-3'). 
Primer sequences for FGFRs. 
Name Species. 
List of species. 
Name Species. 
List of additional species and parameters in heparin perturbation model. 
Name Species. 
List of additional species and parameters in MEKi perturbation model. 
CSC isolation CSC characterization CSC culture conditions CXCL12 role CXCR4–CXCR7 expression Intracellular pathways Reference. 
CXCL12/CXCR4–CXCR7 axis in GBM CSC, a review of the literature. 
Summary of immunohistochemical staining results according to the day post-infection, the amount of parasites and severity of ileo-caecal region lesions. 
Data resulting from the analysis of selected regions of Apc and Kras in tissue from non-infected and infected SCID mice using high-throughput sequencing. 
Cell Line NSAID Dose uM Effect Proliferation Time-Point Ref. 
Colon cancer cell lines and the concentration of NSAIDs used in studies that show growth inhibition. The time-point at which inhibition of cell growth is recorded is also presented. Non-COX-expressing cell lines are presented in the lower part of the table. Studies are identified according to the numerical listing given in the bibliography. 1 number of viable/attached cells, 2 MTT assay, 3 CFSE labeling, flow-cytometry, 4 growth ratio: number of treated/untreated cells. HT29, HCA7, HT115 and SW620 express COX-2; RKO express COX-1 and COX-2. 5-ASA = 5-aminosalicylic acid, CFSE = carboxyfluorescein diacetate succinimidyl ester, MTT = 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide. 
NSAID Dose ppm Duration Proliferation Inhibition Effect Model Rodent Ref. 
The doses of NSAIDs administered in vivo in tumour model experiments and their effect on initiation and progression of carcinogenesis. The duration of treatment is presented and the effect on proliferation is indicated. NMNU = n-methyl-N-nitrosourea, AOM = azoxymethane, DMH = 1,2-dimethylhydrazine, APC = adenomatous polyposis coli, NA = not measured. 
NSAID Dose Duration Proliferation Model Ref. 
NSAIDs and enteric cell proliferation in vivo . The duration of treatment is indicated. 
Cancer Associated inflammatory stimuli Reference. 
Cancer associated with chronic inflammatory disorders. 
Cytokines Colitis-associated cancer (references) CCA (references). 
Significance and role of cytokines in tumorigenesis. 
  Total. 
Abbreviations: ECOG PS=Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status; EREG=epiregulin; HGF=hepatocyte growth factor; mod=moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma; muc=mucinous adenocarcinoma; por=poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma; sig=signet ring cell carcinoma; well=well differentiated adenocarcinoma. 
P -value: significant difference is <0.05. 
  Pretreatment HGF level Pretreatment EREG level   High Low High Low. 
Abbreviation: PD=progression disease. 
    Pretreatment HGF level (cutoff value: median) Pretreatment EREG level (cutoff value: median) Response A total patients High Low P -value High Low P -value. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; PD=progressive disease; PR=partial response; SD=stable disease. 
ORR and DCR in KRAS wild-type patients are shown in (A). ORR and DCR in all wild-type patients ( KRAS , BRAF , NRAS and PIK3CA ) are shown in (B). Bold values mean statistically significant difference ( P -value <0.05). 
    Pretreatment HGF level Pretreatment EREG level     (cut-off value: 1393.55?pg?ml ?1 ) (cutoff value: 1412.65?pg?ml ?1) Response Total patients High ( N =47) Low ( N =56) P-value High ( N =55) Low ( N =48) P -value. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; PD=progressive disease; PR=partial response; ROC=receiver operating characteristics; SD=table disease. 
Cutoff values were decided so that it became a DCR best. ORR and DCR in KRAS wild-type patients are shown. Bold values mean statistically significant difference ( P -value <0.05). 
(A)   PFS   Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis Variables HR 95% CI P -value HR 95% CI P -value. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; ECOG PS=Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status; mod=moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma; muc=mucinous adenocarcinoma; PFS=progression-free survival; por=poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma; sig=signet ring cell carcinoma; well=well differentiated adenocarcinoma. Univariate and multivariate analyses in PFS and OS are shown in table (A) and (B), respectively. 
Marker Full name Application in the diagnosis of CRC Elevated values apart from CRC References. 
Non-enzymatic tumor markers of colorectal cancer applied in routine clinical diagnostics. 
Diagnostic method Description of the approach Sensitivity and specificity Application in the diagnostics of CRC Disadvantages References. 
Comparison of the accuracy of different diagnostic methods. 
Bmal1 luciferase activity U2OS SW480 HTC116. 
Indicated are values for the period, amplitude and phase of Bmal1 luciferase reporter, for the cell lines classified as strong oscillators (n?=?3, p<0.05, Student's t-test). The values for the periods, amplitudes and phases (mean ± SEM, n?=?3) were determined with the ChronoStar analysis software [100] . 
Gene name Gene ID p-value Description (DAVID) KEGG_PATHWAY. 
Raw p-values are derived using moderated t-test between groups of strong versus weak oscillators. 
Cancer-related Genes Core and clock-related genes. 
Detailed information on selected genes is provided in Text S2 and 3. 
Gene name Entrez ID Chr r Description. 
Functional group Identified proteins  Accession N° Identified with Overexpression in ovary     SmVKR1 SmVKR2 S. mansoni S. japonicum. 
Proteins were classified in functional groups and Genbank accession numbers are indicated. Ticks indicate sequences already shown to be overexpressed in ovary by transcriptomic analyses of S. mansoni [69] and S. japonicum [70] . Asterisks indicate the proteins for which the interaction of full length sequences with VKR has been confirmed in yeast. 
Compounds Cancer cells Normal cells Mode of cell death ROS Mechanisms of cell death Reference. 
Natural products with tumor-selective cytotoxicity . 
Compounds Cancer cells Normal cells Mode of cell death ROS Mechanisms of cell death Reference. 
Synthetic compounds with tumor-selective cytotoxicity . 
Compounds Action Target cells Mode of cell death ROS Mechanisms of sensitization Reference. 
Reactive oxygen species-generating TRAIL sensitizers . 
Number mutated wild-type Tumor type investigated number (%) number. 
Patient No. Sex Age (year) Diagnosis Size (cm) TNM TERT promoter       Tissue Urine. 
RPC, renal pelvic cancer; UC, Ureter cancer; HG, high grade, and LH, low grade. 
N.E., non-evaulable. 
TERT promoter mutation  Parameter Mutated wild-type P - value. 
n.s. = not statistically significant; Significant P-values are indicated in bold. 
ccRCC: Clear cell renal cell carcinoma. 
CHIP expression P value Low High. 
CHIP expression P value Low High. 
CHIP expression P value Low High. 
Variables No. of patients CHIP expression P value Low High. 
two sided Fisher's exact tests. 
Variables No. of patients Overall survival(Months) 1-year survival rates P value median±SD 95% CI. 
Variables * Hazard ratio 95% confidence interval P value. 
Coding of variables: gender was coded as 1, male and 2, female; histological grade was coded as 1 Grade1, 2 Grade 2 and 3 Grade 3; N stage was coded as 1,N0 and 2,N1/2/3; M stage was coded as 1,M1 and 2,M2;CHIP expression was coded as 1, low and 2, high. 
Variables No. of patients CHIP expression P value Low High. 
two sided Fisher's exact tests. 
Variables No. of patients Overall survival(Months) 1-year survival rates P value median±SD 95% CI. 
PATHWAY * COMPONENTS MUTATED/ACTIVATED TYPE OF ALTERATION. 
The order of pathways in this Table has no relationship to their significance in melanoma; it is simply from the cell periphery to the nucleus. 
PRIMARY SUBTYPES PATHWAY ABERRATION FOUND IN TUMORS WITH… FREQUENCY POSSIBLE THERAPIES. 
Bold font of gene names indicates that these mutations are considered to be driver mutations based on presence in familial melanoma and/or high frequency of mutations is sporadic, even though experimental evidence of their precise role in melanomagenesi is not always available. 
germline mutations in high-risk melanoma families; MC1R mutation is not listed. 
Not listed: rare mutations in HRAS, RAF1 and other oncogenes. 
Some of the data on the mutation frequency are based on relatively small sample tumor sizes and should be considered with caution. Some data are from the cbioportal.org . 
MOLECULAR CHANGE CONFIRMED IN PATIENT BIOPSIES? DRUGS TO OVERCOME RESISTANCE. 
MOLECULAR CHANGE CONFIRMED IN PATIENT BIOPSIES? DRUGS TO ADD TO OVERCOME RESISTANCE PATHWAYS ACTIVATED. 
Target Desired effects Antibodies Trials. 
PATHWAY AC SQCC SCLC % Genes involved % Genes involved % Genes involved. 
The genes involved in each type of lung cancer are listed in order of the frequency of alterations found. 
Gene PATHWAY ABERRATION %AC %SCC %SCLC Drugs, approved and investigational. 
Drug Target Manufacturer. 
FDA approved for NSCLC. 
FDA approved for other malignancies. 
Mean values are derived from 4 replicates of at least two independent experiments. The conversion between PPM and molarity is given for each analogue. 
Variable (N) a PHB expression (Mean ± SD) P value. 
N: number of individuals; SD: standard deviation. 
Number of samples after outlier exclusion;. 
According to Laurén [22] ;. 
According to TNM staging [23] ;. 
Differentially expressed between groups by T-test for independent samples, P <0.05. 
Case Histological subtype a Differentiation Stage b % of stained tumor cells Intensity of staining. 
According to Laurén [22] ;. 
According to TNM staging [23] . 
Variable (N) PHB copies [N (%)] P value  2 copies ?3 copies . 
N: number of individuals;. 
According to Laurén [22] ;. 
According to TNM staging [23] ;. 
Differentially expressed between groups by Chi-square test or Fisher’s exact test, P <0.05. 
Gene Direction Primer sequence : (5?-3?) Product length (bp a ) T b a(°C) Cycles. 
Primers used for RT-PCR analysis of gene expression, and PCR experimental condition . 
bp, base pair(s);. 
Ta, annealing temperature. 
Nucleotide sequences referred were as follows; BC08564 and M36453 for inhibin ? subunit, M37482 for inhibin ?A subunit, M32756-M32758 for inhibin ?B subunit, AF140031 for inhibin ?C subunit, AF089825 and AF140032 for inhibin ?E subunit. Each pair of PCR primers was designed on different exons of the target gene to avoid amplification of genomic DNA. 
Spot number in 2D-PPM Peptide sequence N-terminus–C-terminus Theoretical MH+ Observed MH+. 
Type of drug Drug Target Stage of development NCT number. 
Data source: www.clinicaltrials.gov. 
  HPV negative HPV positive References. 
MicroRNA Targets Function References. 
Variables Patients with tissue samples no. (%) Patients without tissue samples no. (%). 
Baseline demographic and clinical characteristics. 
*There were several patients who received multiple prior regimens of treatment. 
Outcomes Patients with tissue samples no. (%) Patients without tissue samples no. (%)*. 
Clinical response to everolimus. 
*Two patients of this group were unavailable for clinical evaluation. 
Abbreviations : CBR clinical benefit rate, CI confidence interval, DCR disease control rate, ORR overall response rate, PFS progression-free survival. 
Targets IHC score no. cases Positive rate 0 1 2 3. 
Expression levels of phosphorylated AKT, mTOR, S6RP and 4EBP1 (n?=?18). 
Gender Age Intensity of phosphorylated targets PFS (months) Response AKT mTOR S6RP 4EBP1. 
Summary of detailed clinical data and immunohistochemistry results (n?=?18). 
Abbreviations : CR complete response, F female, M male, m months, PD progression of disease, PFS progression-free survival, PR partial response, SD stable disease. 
*The symbol “+” represents the patients who did not experience progression of disease by the cut-off date. 
Phosphorylated targets Clinical response Survival CR PR SD???6 months SD?<?6 months PD CBR P value Median PFS (95% CI), months P value. 
Association of protein expression levels with clinical response and progression-free survival (n?=?18). 
Abbreviations : CR complete response, PD progression of disease, PFS progression-free survival, PR partial response, SD stable disease. 
Co-expression of phosphorylated targets Median PFS (95% CI), months P value. 
Association of co-expression of phosphorylated mTOR, S6RP and 4EBP1 with progression-free survival. 
Abbreviation : PFS progression-free survival. 
DNA sequence of the oligonucleotide duplexes used in the studya. 
aFollowing symbols are used to designate the modified and regular DNA bases: X is for 8oxoA and Hx; Y is for THF, ?A, 2oxoA, 8oxoG, DHU, ?C and ?A; Z is for ?A, Hx and G; N is for C, G, A and T. 
Substratea k obs (min?1)b. 
Pre-steady-state kinetic parameters of TDG-catalyzed excision of T opposite to various DNA adducts. 
aLetters within the parentheses represent nearest neighbor nucleotide sequence context where X is G, Hx, ?A, THF or 8oxoA. 
bConstants were calculated by one-phase exponential association equation using GraphPad Prism 5. 
SNPs within a whole genome SNPs within CGIs No. XX-YYb Counts Fraction (%) Probability of XX (%) Probability of YY (%) XX-YY Counts Fraction (%) Probability of XX (%) Probability of YY (%). 
The mutation spectrum in dinucleotide contexts in the human genome inferred from single nucleotide polymorphismsa. 
aCounts are shown in descending order and only for the first 10 SNPs. Full data set of all possible dinucleotide contexts can be found in Supplementary Table S3. 
bXX and YY represent dinucleotide sequence context. 
Multi-target assay Application Targeted genes Targeted exonsb Other regions of interestb SNPsb Targeted region (Mb) Number of primer probes Oligonucleotide synthesis method. 
Description of targeting assays. 
aRanked highly for cancer involvement in Generanker database by Gonzalez et al. (18) . 
bRegion of interest is defined as a minimum of the exon or non-exonic target and adjacent sequence up to 50 bases from the target flank. 
Sample Primer probe pool No. of total reads Mapped reads (% of total reads) On-target readsa (% of mapped reads) Average coverage on ROIb Percentage of ROIb with at least 1×/10×/30× coverage SNV calls from ROIb,c SNV calls reported in dbSNP137c,d (%) SNV concordance to validation data set. 
Sequencing metrics and variant calling summary. 
aReads within 1000b from the primer probe are considered to be on target. 
bRegion-of-interest is defined as the exon or non-exonic target region and adjacent sequence up to 50 bases from the target flank. 
cMapped within 1000 bp from primer probe, filtered insert size ? 40+ Read 1 length. 
d http://snp.gs.washington.edu/SeattleSeqAnnotation137/index.jsp . 
eIllumina BeadChip genotyping data. 
Heterozygous variants Homozygous variants Total variants  Nr of variants Detected (%) Nr of variants Detected (%) Nr of variants Detected (%). 
Variant calling from genetic mixtures. 
Number (Nr). 
aComparable variant positions unique for individual 525. 
bCompared positions with a minimal sequencing depth of 100. 
Gene Chr Position Mutation Nr of reference reads, Nr of variant reads, Ref, Var (%) Amino acid alteration. 
Somatic coding mutations identified among 313 cancer genes from a colorectal cancer. 
Reference sequence reads (Ref). 
Variant-containing reads (Var). 
Var% = variant reads over total. 
Number (Nr). 
Locus Sample 5614 6253 5613 5326. 
Contiguous locus sequencing. 
Nr of non-aligning sequence reads per locus Assembled contig(s) with a novel breakpoint sequence    Candidate somatic structural variant Tumor 1 Tumor 2 Normal tissue Tumor 1 Tumor 2 Normal tissue Chr Validated position of breakpoint 1 Validated position of breakpoint 2. 
Validated cancer rearrangements. 
Number (Nr). 
Groups Up-regulated Down-regulated. 
The ten most up- or down-regulated genes that were exclusive to each of the experimental groups or were shared by the three treatments. These genes are involved in different functions (see Appendix 1 for details on the annotated functions for these genes). 
Study cited Disease and number* Material Method Outocome reported. 
Biomarker study of DJ-1 in PD. 
*The number of determined samples was shown in parentheses. LRRK2; leucine-rich repeat kinase 2, CSF; cerebrospinal fluid, PD; Parkinson’s disease, DLB; dementia with Lewy body, PSP; progressive supranuclear palsy, MSA; multiple system atrophy, CBD; corticobasal degeneration, ELISA; enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, AD; Alzheimer’s disease, 2D-PAGE; 2 dimensional-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, WB; western blot, RBC; red blood cell. 
Overview of in vitro and cellular activities of 160 kinase inhibitors tested at 10 and 5?M, respectively . 
160 kinase inhibitors from a panel of inhibitors known to target kinases in all branches of the kinome were tested for their ability to (i) inhibit LRRK2 at 10 ?M in an in vitro kinase assay using the LRRKtide model peptide substrate and (ii) dephosphorylate LRRK2 at phosphoserine 935 in a spotblot assay. Listed are the exact values (expressed as a % relative to the control) obtained in these tests for each compound. A general overview of these tests are given in Figures 1 , 3 and the plate and position references given in the first 2 columns correspond to those given in Figures 1B , 3B . Color codes to facilitate identification of compounds from the three selected chemical classes are: (A) 9-methyl-N-phenylpurine-2,8-diamine compounds highlighted in green, (B) N-phenylquinazolin-4-amine analogs given in orange, and (C) 1,3-dihydroindol-2-one analogs in blue. The 20 most potent compounds in the cellular assay are indicated in bold. The 3rd column of the table (labeled “class”) indicates the compound classes (A–C) or the 20 most active compounds in the cellular assay (asterisk), as applicable. 
Compound Compound class GBVI/WSA dG Score pIC50 in vitro (lrrktide) IC50 in vitro (lrrktide, nM) Cellular pS935 (% @ 5 ?M) pIC50 cellular (pS935) IC50 cellular (pS935, nM). 
Overview of in silico, in vitro and cellular activities of selected kinase inhibitors . 
Compounds belong to one of three different structural classes (A, 9-methyl-N-phenylpurine-2,8-diamine, B, N-phenylquinazolin-4-amine, or C, 1,3-dihydroindol-2-one analogs, see second column) as well as selected reference compounds. In silico docking values given are GBVI/WSA dG. In vitro activities and cellular activities as measured by the LRRKtide assay and phosphoserine 935 assay, respectively, are given both as pIC50 as well as the corresponding IC50 expressed in nM. In vitro inhibition values at the single dose of 10 ?M and cellular phosphorylation levels at 5 ?M are given in Table 1 for all 160 compounds of the kinase inhibitor panel, cellular phosphorylation levels at 5 ?M are also given here for all compounds in the table. See Results and Materials and Methods sections for more details. NA, not applicable. 
Overview of TKL kinases with a DFG in conformation available in the MOE “Kinase Database” and their sequence identity with the LRRK2 kinase domain . 
Gene name Annotation. 
ESTs Cluster 0 h 1 h 3 h 6 h 12 h r   R M R M R M R M R M. 
Column R shows the fold change after adding human skin sections relative to LM, determined by quantitative real-time RT-PCR. Column M shows the fold change after adding human skin sections relative to LM, determined by the microarray hybridization results. The correlation coefficient ( r ) for these two technologies was calculated using SPSS 13.0 software. 
Biological process Cluster I Cluster II Cluster III Cluster IV. 
Individual genes can take part in multiple biological processes. The detailed results are provided in Table S2. Detailed annotation and function characterization of the T. rubrum ESTs is also depicted in Table S1 and our T. rubrum database ( http://www.mgc.ac.cn/TrED/ ). 
Gene/sequence ID Protein description Condition(s) with highest expression Function Subunits. 
a Cytoskeletal proteins. 
b Proteins associated with CCM protein complex (Hilder et al. 2007). 
Top canonical pathways  p -value Ratio. 
Name Length Sequence (5' to 3'). 
Primer sequences for DD and RT-PCR analysis. 
Genes overexpressed in the tumour:  -T1 (Core I protein)  -T2 (rRNA 28s)  -T3 ( Homo sapiens mRNA for KIAA1468 protein). 
Summary of the data on differentially expressed genes in the follicular Hürthle cell carcinoma. 
Case Age/Sex Diagnosis Tumour Core I/Actin % a Normal Core I/Actin % a Level of Expression * MIB-1 b %. 
RT-PCR. Level of expression of Core I in tumours and corresponding normal tissues. 
F – Female; M – Male; HFC – Follicular carcinoma composed of Hürthle cells; FC – Follicular carcinoma; PC – Papillary carcinoma; HPC – Papillary carcinoma composed of Hürthle cells; mFA – Microfollicular adenoma; MFA – Macrofollicular adenoma; mMFA – Micro/macrofollicular adenoma; HmFA – Microfollicular adenoma composed of Hürthle cells; HMFA – Macrofollicular adenoma composed of Hürthle cells; Core I/Actin – Ratio between the expression of Core I gene and ?-actin gene. *Values are expressed as ratio between the mean values obtained in tumours and normal tissues (previous columns). aResults are expressed as mean ± s.d. of three experiments. bOnly tumoural MIB-1 indexes are shown. 
Pathway Gene Cognitive aging effect   Caenorhabditis elegans Drosophila melanogaster. 
Conserved signaling pathway genes and cognitive aging in worms and flies. 
No information available, 2Long-term memory, 3Dietary restriction, 4Short-term memory, 5Mid-term memory. 
Official gene symbol GenBank accession ID R5020 (FPKM) EtOH (FPKM) log2(fold_change). 
Bio Functions # of perturbed molecules p-value. 
*Arrows show VPA induced up or down regulation of genes involved in the giving pathway. 
Tissues Total (No.) Positive (+, No.) Positive (++ to +++, No.) Strongly Positive rate (%). 
The Expression of HBXIP in human liver tissues. 
Expression: positive, + to +++. X2 test, * P ?<?0.01 (versus Liver cirrhosis). 
AR K d (nM) Angiogenic process Cell type Reference. 
Summary of participation of adenosine receptor in angiogenesis using human cells. 
Kinase GTPase. 
Comparison of the drug discovery process between kinases and GTPases. 
Influence of ARHI on the cell cycle phase distribution and apoptosis rate. 
Cell lines Source Histology ACVR1B SMAD4       CN Expression CN Expression. 
Cell line characteristics and the status of ACVR1B and SMAD4. 
ACVR1B, activin receptor A, type IB; Tubular, tubular adenocarcinoma; Ad, adenocarcinoma; CN, gene copy number. 
Legend: The copy numbers of the ACVR1B gene in the Sui65 and Sui68 cell line was 0, and the copy numbers of the SMAD4 gene in the Sui65, Sui70, and Sui71 cell lines were all 0. ACVR1B mRNA was scarcely expressed in the Sui65 and Sui68 cell lines, and SMAD4 mRNA was also scarcely expressed in the Sui65, Sui70, and Sui71 cell lines. These results were similar to those for the copy number assay. 
Patients characteristics ACVR1B gene P   Not deletion (n?=?23) Deletion (n?=?6)  . 
Patient characteristics and the association with ACVR1B gene status. 
ACVR1B, activin receptor A, type IB; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival. PFS and OS were analyzed by log-rank test and the others by Fisher exact test. 
Legend: Six patients (6/29, 20.7%) had a deletion of ACVR1B gene, 10 patients (10/29, 34.5%) had a deletion of SMAD4 gene. Five of the 6 patients with a deletion of the ACVR1B gene also had a deletion of the SMAD4 gene ( P ?=?0.011), but no significant differences in the other patient characteristics were observed between the two groups. Among 21 patients who received chemotherapy, no significant differences in PFS or OS were seen between the two groups. 
Cell line BL2 BL2B95.8 BL41 BL41B95.8. 
Abbreviation: IC50, half-maximal inhibitory concentration. 
Spindle poison effects on cell proliferation. IC50 values of MTS cell proliferation assays on BL2- and TP53 -mutated BL41 cell lines and their EBV-infected counterparts (BL2B95.8 and BL41B95.8) treated with colchicine, CA-4 or iso NH2CA-4 for 24?h at concentrations ranging from 5 to 100?nM. IC50 values were calculated as means of three values. 
Protein kinase Activity (% control). 
Effects of rasfonin on EGFR family kinase activities. Kinase activities were measured using [32P] radiometric protein kinase assays after treatment with 5? ? M rasfonin and incubation for 40?min. The results were expressed as percentage c.p.m. versus control (% control) defined as ((sample?mean no enzyme)/(mean plus enzyme?mean no enzyme)) × 100. 
Antibody Company Catalog number Source and clonality Dilution. 
Patient Characteristics (N?=?48) No. of Patients(Mean value of IGFBP-3 in ng/ml) ANOVAP value. 
Abbreviations: IGFBP, insulin-like growth factor binding protein; SSM, superficial spreading melanoma; NM, nodular melanoma; ALM, acral lentiginous melanoma. 
*A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was used to find an average value of metastatic volume in order to dichotomize the patients into two subgroups. Each measurable metastases, measured according to RECIST guideline, was considered as a spherical formation and the volumes calculated using the following formula: volume ?=? 4/3 ? r3. 
Tumor type Tumr type code No. of tumor- normal pairs Median somatic mutation frequency (per Mb) No. of significantly mutated genes No. of additional signif. genes found under RHT. 
List of the 21 tumor types analyzed. Listed for each tumor type is its code (as used in TCGA projects), number of tumor-normal (TN) pairs, median somatic mutation frequency per megabase, the number of significantly mutated genes detected by the MutSig suite when analyzing the full set of genes, and the number of additional significantly mutated genes detected under restricted hypothesis testing (RHT) on just the set of cancer genes found in all the other tumor types. Supplementary Table 3 lists the cancer genes found in each tumor type and their frequencies (percent of patients mutated). 
Examples of genes exhibiting hypermethylation in various cancers. 
E-cadherin : epithelial cadherin, hMLH1 : human mutL homologue 1, APC : adenomatous polyposis coli, RASSF1A : Ras association domain family member 1, GSTP1 : glutathione S-transferase pi 1, MGMT : O-6 methyl guanine DNA methyltransferase, COX-2 : cyclooxygenase 2, THBS1 : thrombospondin 1, TIMP3 : tissue inhibitor metalloproteinase 3, DNA: deoxyribonucleic acid. 
Primer sequences and PCR conditions for methylation-specific PCR analysis. 
E-cadherin : epithelial cadherin, PCR : polymerase chain reaction, APC : adenomatous polyposis coli, COX-2 : cyclooxygenase 2, GSTP1 : glutathione S-transferase pi 1, MGMT : O-6 methyl guanine DNA methyltransferase, hMLH1 : human mutL homologue 1, RASSF1A : Ras association domain family member 1, THBS1 : thrombospondin 1, TIMP3 : tissue inhibitor metalloproteinase 3, DNA: deoxyribonucleic acid. 
Promoter methylation frequency for individual genes in malignant gliomas. 
E-cadherin : epithelial cadherin, RASSF1A : Ras association domain family member 1, MGMT : O-6 methyl guanine DNA methyltransferase, THBS1 : thrombospondin 1, COX-2 : cyclooxygenase 2, APC : adenomatous polyposis coli, TIMP3 : tissue inhibitor metalloproteinase 3, GSTP1 : glutathione S-transferase pi 1, hMLH1 : human mutL homologue 1, DNA: deoxyribonucleic acid, GBM: glioblastoma, AA: anaplastic astrocytoma, AOD: anaplastic oligodendroglioma. 
  Total Female Male P value. 
Mutation Frequency Percentage. 
aA total of 672 KRAS mutations were detected from 670 colorectal tumors. Two tumors harbored double mutations. 
Characteristics KRAS mutation Total P value + ?. 
Studies Current study COSMIC database Rosty 2013 23 Imamura 2012 41 De Roock 2010 42 Chang 2009 43 Karapetis 2008 44 Amado 2008 7 Brink 2003 31 Samowitz 2000 21 Andreyev 1998 11. 
PCR primers Forward sequence Reverse sequence. 
Evidence of the addition of canine sequences to the database by experimental approach or by similarity for canine sequences is included in the table. 
Gene Name Alternative names Relative expression in HUVEC Rho GTPase targets Function. 
Rho GAP and GEF genes with high and robust mRNA expression in HUVECs. These tables show the highest expressed GAPs ( Table 1 ) and GEFs ( Table 2 ) in HUVECs. For each gene, the expression value of the highest expressed transcript is shown in the 3rd column, which is relative to the average expression level in Roth-504. mRNA expression in HUVECs was determined by analysis of Affymetrix U133 Plus 2.0 mRNA genome-wide expression profiles in the public domain. All studies at the NCBI Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) website ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gds/ ) on low-passage, non-stimulated, non-recombinant HUVECs with data normalization using the MAS5.0 algorithm (Affymetrix Inc., Santa Barbara, CA) were included. A total of 9 different studies comprising 17 arrays were used for expression analysis, an additional 2 studies comprising 12 arrays were used as validation. Relative gene expression was determined by comparing the average expression over all 17 HUVEC sets with the average expression in all 504 arrays representing 95 different normal human tissues in the Roth “Human Body Index,” the largest study on normal human mRNA expression (NCBI GEO: GSE7307). Only Rho regulatory genes with high expression in 14 or more of the 17 data sets analyzed are shown. The probe-sets shown for each gene detected the highest and widest expression, but all valid probe-sets were analyzed and used for expression analysis. The TranscriptView visualization tool ( http://r2.amc.nl ) was used to validate probes: probes had to target a unique, anti-sense position in an exon of the target gene. Gene and splice variant specificity was verified by NCBI GENE and BLAST analysis. Full information on the gene expression calculations, probe validations, and GEO studies can be found in Table S1 . The Rho GTPases that are targeted by these GAPs and GEFs are indicated in column 4. Column 5 summarizes the known endothelial functions of each Rho regulator including references. 
Gene Name Alternative names Relative expression in HUVEC Rho GTPase targets Function. 
Rho GAP and GEF genes with high and robust mRNA expression in HUVECs. These tables show the highest expressed GAPs ( Table 1 ) and GEFs ( Table 2 ) in HUVECs. For each gene, the expression value of the highest expressed transcript is shown in the 3rd column, which is relative to the average expression level in Roth-504. mRNA expression in HUVECs was determined by analysis of Affymetrix U133 Plus 2.0 mRNA genome-wide expression profiles in the public domain. All studies at the NCBI Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) website ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/gds/ ) on low-passage, non-stimulated, non-recombinant HUVECs with data normalization using the MAS5.0 algorithm (Affymetrix Inc., Santa Barbara, CA) were included. A total of 9 different studies comprising 17 arrays were used for expression analysis, an additional 2 studies comprising 12 arrays were used as validation. Relative gene expression was determined by comparing the average expression over all 17 HUVEC sets with the average expression in all 504 arrays representing 95 different normal human tissues in the Roth “Human Body Index,” the largest study on normal human mRNA expression (NCBI GEO: GSE7307). Only Rho regulatory genes with high expression in 14 or more of the 17 data sets analyzed are shown. The probe-sets shown for each gene detected the highest and widest expression, but all valid probe-sets were analyzed and used for expression analysis. The TranscriptView visualization tool ( http://r2.amc.nl ) was used to validate probes: probes had to target a unique, anti-sense position in an exon of the target gene. Gene and splice variant specificity was verified by NCBI GENE and BLAST analysis. Full information on the gene expression calculations, probe validations, and GEO studies can be found in Table S1 . The Rho GTPases that are targeted by these GAPs and GEFs are indicated in column 4. Column 5 summarizes the known endothelial functions of each Rho regulator including references. 
Gene Name Alternative names Function. 
Non-enriched Rho regulators with known endothelial function. This table shows the GAPs (bold) and GEFs (unbold) that are not specifically enriched in endothelium based on gene expression analysis, but which are, based on literature, known to function in endothelial cells. Gene name, alternative names and a summary of their endothelial function including references are shown. 
Gene Sequence Location Function Reference. 
Condition Fragmentation Perinuclear Clustering ATP Loss Microtubule Loss Time point. 
Conditions and brief descriptions of the effects are shown on the left. (+), an effect was observed, as described in the text; (?) no effect; N.D., not determined. 
Mutant Memory phenotypes LTP phenotypes References. 
Mutant mice with enhanced memory. 
Tg, transgenic; KO, knockout; KI, knock-in; cKO, conditional KO; CI, conditional inhibition; MWM, Morris water maze; CFC, contextual fear conditioning; AFC, auditory fear conditioning; TFC, trace fear conditioning; ORT, object recognition test; OLT, object location test; RAM, radial arm maze; SR, social recognition; DMT, delay matching to place task; NMT, non-match to place task; YM, Y-maze; L-LTP, late phase LTP. 
Mutant LTP phenotypes Memory phenotypes Reference. 
LTP enhancement without memory enhancement. 
KO, knockout; Tg, transgenic; KI, knock-in; MWM, Morris water maze; RAM, radial arm maze; ORT, object recognition test; CFC, contextual fear conditioning; PA, passive avoidance; *impaired in contextual discrimination test. 
Variables No. of cases NOK expression Positive (%) Negative (%) P -value *. 
Association between NOK expressions and clinicopathological features in NSCLC patients. 
*P -value of ?2-test are shown. 
Variables Categories Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis HR (95% CI) P -value HR (95% CI) P -value. 
Cox proportional hazards model analysis of variables affecting survival in NSCLC patients. 
HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
Codon Nucleotide change Amino acid change Codon change No. of cases Proportion among 1267 cases. 
Frequencies of KRAS mutations in 1267 colorectal cancer cases. 
Clinicopathological or molecular feature Total No. KRAS P (Wild-type vs. mutant) KRAS mutations identified in only one codon P (Across four mutants) Wild-type Mutant Codon 12 Codon 13 Codon 61 Codon 146. 
Clinicopathological, and molecular characteristics according to KRAS mutation status in 1267 colorectal cancer cases. 
(%) indicates the proportion of cases with a specific clinicopathological, or molecular feature among each KRAS mutation status group. The P -value for significance was adjusted for multiple hypothesis testing to P ?=?0.05/14?=?0.0036. Thus, a P -value between 0.05 and 0.0036 should be regarded as of borderline significance. BMI, body mass index; CIMP, CpG island methylator phenotype; MSI, microsatellite instability; MSS, microsatellite stable; SD, standard deviation. 
KRAS Total No. Colorectal cancer-specific mortality Overall mortality No. of events Univariate HR (95% CI) Multivariate stage-stratified HR (95% CI) No. of events Univariate HR (95% CI) Multivariate stage-stratified HR (95% CI). 
Colorectal cancer patient mortality according to KRAS mutation status in 1067 BRAF -wild-type cases. 
The multivariate, stage-stratified Cox regression model initially included sex, age, body mass index, year of diagnosis, family history of colorectal cancer, tumor location, tumor differentiation, peritumoral lymphocytic reaction, microsatellite instability, CpG island methylator phenotype, PIK3CA mutation, and LINE-1 methylation. A backward elimination with a threshold of P ?=?0.20 was used to select variables in the final model. 
For the survival analysis of mutations in the two groups of KRAS codons (codons 12 and 13, and codons 61 and 146), the P -value for significance was adjusted for multiple hypothesis testing to P ?=?0.05/2?=?0.025. Thus, a P -value between 0.05 and 0.025 should be regarded as of borderline significance. For the survival analysis of mutations in the four KRAS codons (12, 13, 61 and 146), the P -value for significance was adjusted for multiple hypothesis testing to P ?=?0.05/4?=?0.013. Thus, a P -value between 0.05 and 0.013 should be regarded as of borderline significance. For the survival analysis of the 10 most common KRAS mutations, the P -value for significance was adjusted for multiple hypothesis testing to P ?=?0.05/10?=?0.005. Thus, a P -value between 0.05 and 0.005 should be regarded as of borderline significance. CI, confidence interval; HR, hazard ratio. 
Oncogene vs. tumor suppressor Genetic lesions Evidence. 
The Notch pathway by cancer type . 
T-ALL, T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia; B-ALL, B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia; CMML, chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; AML, acute myeloid leukemia; HD, heterodimerization domain; PEST, proline–glutamine–serine–threonine-rich; FBXW7, F-box/WD repeat-containing protein 7; CML, chronic myelocytic leukemia . 
aContrasting evidence . 
Gene Position (hg19) Ref Alt MAF Variants dbSNP id Freq Pathogenicity GERP POLYPHEN2 prediction. 
Rare gene variants identified in the “independent PS control group”. 
Variant location is reported using hg19 coordinates. MAF, minor allele frequency according to the NCBI dbSNP137 database; Freq, frequency of the variant allele in the cohort of 30 patients; GERP, Genomic Evolutionary Rate Profiling; the POLYPHEN2 measures of pathogenicity are: Benign, possibly damaging (Poss-dam), and probably damaging based on the false discovery rate. 
Symbol Gene Name LogRatio p-value Type(s) Affymetrix. 
The cold-induced transcripts (p<0.01) of the insulin signaling pathway are shown above. The interactive relationships among the transcripts are shown in Figure 1 . Based on the extent of the changes, the transcripts are listed from the highest to the lowest. Log Ratio ?=? log2 (average cold/average control). The p-values are represented in the scientific format of Microsoft Excel (for example, 6.03E-05?=?6.03×10?05). 
Functions p-Value Predicted Activation State Activation z-score # Molecules. 
Symbol Gene Title Cold (log2) Control (log2) Fold-change (log2) p-value Affymetrix. 
STUDY PHASE PATIENTS OR (%) CR (%) PR (%) MR (MONTHS) TOXICITY (GRADE 3 OR 4). 
Different studies testing vismodegib. 
Abbreviations: OR, overall response; CR, complete response; PR, partial response; MR, median duration of response. 
List of highest and lowest regulated genes (fold change) following stimulation with BNZ, CPT or both in combination for 8 h. Venn diagram shows distribution of all 86 significantly regulated genes. 
Trial Hormonal status ZA/hormonal intervention Effect of ZA. 
Zoledronic acid trials and disease-free survival. 
ABCSG12, Austrian Breast & Colorectal Cancer Study Group 12; AZURE, Adjuvant Zoledronic Acid to Reduce Recurrence; DFS, disease-free survival; ER, estrogen receptor; HR, hazard ratio; PR, progesterone receptor; ZA, zoledronic acid. 
Gene symbol Tissue type Hyper/Hypo Cohort size Detection method Association with prognosis P value Hazard ratioa Reference. 
A summary of aberrant DNA methylation associated with outcome in breast cancer. 
aHazard ratio given where reported. FF, fresh frozen; FFPE, formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded; FNA, fine-needle aspirate; HR, hazard ratio; Hyper, hypermethylation; Hypo, hypomethylation; IA/CoBRA, infinium array/combined bisulfite restriction enzyme analysis; MOMA, methylation oligonucleotide analysis; MSP, methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction; NR, not reported; OR, odds ratio; Q-BSSeq, quantitative bisulphite sequencing; QM-PCR, quantitative methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction. 
Gene symbol Methylation in vHMECs P value of vHMECs Methylation in immortal vHMECs P value of immortal vHMECs Methylation in cancer Association in cancer. 
Overlap of genes reported as hypermethylated in variant human mammary epithelial cells and as potential prognostic epigenetic markers in breast cancer. 
Hyper, hypermethylation; Hypo, hypomethylation; NA, not available; vHMEC, variant human mammary epithelial cell. 
Authors (year) Study population Number Number taking drug (percentage) Years of follow-up Recurrence RR (95% CI) Breast cancer mortality RR (95% CI) Total mortality RR (95% CI). 
Cohort studies of aspirin, beta-blockers, angiontensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, statins, and metformin and breast cancer survival. 
aAny recurrence; bdistant recurrence; cACEI or ARB use; dACEI only; ebreast cancer survivors only; see [ 44 ] for all cancer survivor numbers. CI, confidence interval; LACE, Life After Cancer Epidemiology; NS, not significant; RR, relative risk. 
Syntenin expression     Negative ( n = 151) Positive ( n = 88) P value. 
Clinicopathologic characteristics of the patients. 
a P < 0.05. 
Patients P Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval). 
Multivariate analysis of overall survival by Cox proportional hazards models. 
Patients P Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval). 
Multivariate analysis of disease-free survival by Cox proportional hazards models. 
Cancer type Known cancer genes Candidate cancer genes Rest of mutated genes Tumour samples References. 
Dataset of known, candidates and mutated cancer genes. 
Starting from 10,681 human genes with at least one cancer-specific non-synonymous mutation, three groups were identified: known cancer genes that are part of the cancer gene census [ 58 ]; candidate genes that are likely to play a role in cancer because they are recurrently mutated; and the rest of mutated genes that carry at least one non-synonymous mutation. The full description of mutated genes in each of the 39 sequencing screenings is reported in Additional file 2 , Table S1. HNSCC; head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. 
Ovarian carcinoma sample Gene Ovarian cell lines with increased proliferation Pathway/Biological process Reference. 
Putative novel drivers in ovarian cancer. 
Shown are 23 ovarian carcinomas hosting 58 putative driver mutations in 56 genes. Two genes ( MCM4 and PSD3 ) were mutated in two tumours. For 40 genes with available RNAi data [ 71 ], the number of ovarian cell lines where an increased in cell growth was observed upon gene silencing is shown. Thirteen carcinomas (57% of the total) bear mutations in pathways previously associated with ovarian cancer, and six of them (26% of the total) had alterations in transcription-related pathways. A detailed description of the effects of each mutation is shown in Additional file 2 , Table S7. 
Category Associated genetic factors Therapeutic strategies. 
Prognostic subgroups and associated risk genetic factors in CLL at diagnosis. 
FCR: fludarabine, cyclophosphamide, and rituximab; *higher percentages of deleted nuclei have bad impact on prognosis (Tam et al., 2009 [ 11 ]; Hernández et al., 2009 [ 12 ]; van Dyke et al., 2010 [ 13 ]; Dal Bo et al., 2011 [ 14 ]; Marasca et al., 2013 [ 15 ]; Puiggros et al., 2013 [ 21 ]). 
Study Mouse model Transgenic versus knock-in Inducible versus non-inducible Penetrance Tumor latency Histology. 
Genetically engineered mouse models of PIK3CA mutations. 
EMT epithelial-mesenchymal transition, MMTV mouse mammary tumor virus, NR not reported. 
Agent Class Trial Description Patients (n). 
Ongoing clinical trials recruiting breast cancer patients with PIK3CA mutations. 
ER estrogen receptor, HER2 human epidermal growth factor receptor 2, MBC metastatic breast cancer, PI3K phosphoinositide 3-kinase. 
Gene name Accession Sequence (5?-3?) Product size (bp). 
Primer pairs for qRT-PCR. 
First author Year Country Inclusion period No. of Patients (Male/Female) Age in years Stage Method Cut-off Histology No. of patients with high MET Follow-up (month) Survival analysis/HR Adjusted founders. 
NA: not available; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; ADC, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; RT-PCR, real-time polymerase chain reaction; FISH, fluorescent in situ hybridization; SISH, silver in situ hybridization; BISH, bright-field in situ hybridization; IHC, immunohistochemistry; Cappuzzo scoring system: MET FISH-positive group was defined mean MET gene copy number?5 copies per cell; UCCC criteria: the University of Colorado Cancer Center) criteria, MET gene status was classified into two groups according to the frequency of tumor cells with specific copy numbers of the MET gene and the chromosome 7 centromere: FISH-positive MET MET to CEP7 ratio ?2; >15 copies of the MET signals in >10% of tumor cells; small gene cluster [4–10 copies]; or innumerable tight gene clusters in >10% the tumor cells); EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HR: hazard ratio, obtained by estimated (E) or reported in text (R). “M” means the HR come from multivariate analysis, and “U” means HR come from univariate analysis. 
First author Year Country Inclusion period No. of Patients(Male/Female) Age in years Histology Stage Method Specimen Cut-off Antibody No. of patients with high MET Follow-up (month) Survival analysis/HR Co-founders Blinding of MET evaluation. 
NA: not available; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; ADC, adenocarcinoma; IHC, immunohistochemistry; HR: hazard ratio, obtained by estimated (E) or reported in text (R). “M” means the HR come from multivariate analysis, and “U” means HR come from univariate analysis; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor. 
Random-effects model Fixed-effects model  Heterogeneity Analysis (overall survival) N HR (95% CI) p HR (95% CI) p I 2 (%) p. 
N: number of studies; HR: hazard ratio; RT-PCR, real-time polymerase chain reaction; FISH, fluorescent in situ hybridization; SISH, silver in situ hybridization; BISH, bright-field in situ hybridization; IHC, immunohistochemistry; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; ADC, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; WT, wild type. 
All tumors ( n = 463) Lum A ( n = 235) Lum B ( n = 133) Basal ( n = 81) HER2 ( n = 58) CLN Lo ( n = 8). 
Frequency of genomic alterations in VDR and CYP24A1 derived from The Cancer Genome Atlas dataset of human breast tumors . 
The data was calculated with the publically available breast invasive carcinoma dataset (Cancer Genome Atlas Network, 2012 ) at https://tcga-data.nci.nih.gov/tcga/as . Numbers indicate the percentage of the indicated genomic alterations observed in the total number of tumors analyzed within each group (shown in parentheses). LumA, Luminal A; LumB, Luminal B; CLN Lo, Claudin Low . 
Cardiovascular disease category Cardiovascular disease modeled with hiPSC-CMs Phenotype observed/recapitulated in vitro Drug treatment to rescue phenotypes Reference. 
Examples of currently published human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocyte disease models. 
ARVD/C , arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia/cardiomyopathy; CPVT , catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia; hiPSC-CM , human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocyte; MAPK , mitogen-activated protein kinase; NA , not applicable; NFAT , nuclear factor of activated T cells. 
Stem cell type Donor cell type Reprogramming factors/systems Teratoma formation Chimera formation Pluripotency marker expression Reference SSEA1 SSEA3/4 OCT4,SOX2, NANOG. 
Characteristics of various types of pluripotent stem cells. 
Human and murine pluripotent stem cells are characterized as described in the cited references. HESCs, human embryonic stem cells; HiPSCs, human induced pluripotent stem cells; HiPSCs-C, human induced pluripotent stem cells from cancer; MEpiSCs, murine epiblast stem cells; MESCs, murine embryonic stem cells; MiPSCs, murine induced pluripotent stem cells; MiPSCs-C, murine induced pluripotent stem cells from cancer; ND, not determined. 
Treatment Mice numbers Tumor bearing mice Prevalence (%) Tumor multiplicity. 
*Significantly higher ( p <0.05) compared to Control groups. 
Significantly higher ( p <0.05) compared to TCDD groups. 
Significantly higher ( p <0.05) compared to NNK(L) groups. 
The incidence and multiplicity of lung tumor formation in female A/J mice treated with low-dose NNK [NNK(L)], high-dose NNK [NNK(H)], TCDD, and TCDD combined with NNK(L). Tumor incidence is provided as the number of animals with tumors divided by the total number of animals at risk (%). Tumor multiplicity is the average tumor number observed in tumor-bearing mice. The data for lung tumor multiplicity are given as the mean ± SEM. *significantly higher ( p <0.05) than the control group; †significantly higher ( p <0.05) than the TCDD group; ‡significantly higher ( p <0.05) than the NNK(L) group. 
Genes P -value Fold change. 
Fold change (control versus treated) of 5AR and MAPK gene pathways (cutoff value for 5% significance =0.00296). 
ID Gene assignment Fold change Ratio (control vs treatment) Percentage (%) UniProt ID Species Pathway names. 
Genes most upregulated by DLBS4847. 
Abbreviations : GPCR, G protein-coupled receptors; NGF, nerve growth factor; SLC, solute-carrier; APC/C, anaphase promoting complex or cyclosome; UniProt ID, ID of protein linked to Uniprot database system; vs, versus. 
ID Gene assignment Fold change Ratio (control vs treatment) Percentage % UniProt ID Species Pathway names. 
Genes most downregulated by DLBS4847. 
Abbreviations : GPCR, G protein-coupled receptors; UniProt ID, ID of protein linked to Uniprot database system; vs, versus. 
SNPs (Major/Minor) Risk Allele Odds Ratio (95% CI) and Genotype p Value Ethnic Cancer Type Ref. 
Association between GC (gastric cancer) and MUC1 SNPs (single nucleotide polymorphisms). Ref. = Reference. 
additive model. 
Study MUC1 Staining Correlation to Clinical Information  Intestinal Diffuse Intestinal + Diffuse Note    Case No. (%) Case No. (%) Case No. (%). 
MUC1 expression in gastric cancer observed by immunohistochemistry. 
Statistically significant correlation was demonstrated. 
Factors GC Risk. 
Effect of HP ( Helicobacter pylori) infection and MUC1 polymorphism on GC risk [ 60 ]. 
Odds ratio (95% CI). 
Five criteria to determine if a cytokine is an intrinsic factor involved in UVB hyperpigmentation EDN1 mSCF ?MSH bFGF  EDNRB c-KIT MC1R c-Met. 
Criteria to determine if a cytokine is an intrinsic factor involved in UVB-hyperpigmentation. 
?, Conformable; ×, Not Conformable; ?, Partly Conformable; EDN1, endothelin-1; EDNRB, endothelin B receptor; c-KIT , mast/stem cell growth factor receptor known as proto-oncogene c-Kit ; ?MSH, alpha melanocyte stimulating hormone; MC1R, melanocortin 1 receptor; bFGF, basic fibroblast growth factor; c-Met , Met proto-oncogene (hepatocyte growth factor receptor). 
Withaferin A (WFA) Astaxanthin (AX)  Herb extract of natural chemical Tyrosinase activity Cytotoxicity (MTT assay in NHM) Inhibitory effects on signaling and targeted signal molecules 3D human epidermal equivalent Reference   Direct inhibition Abrogating effect SCF signaling EDN1 signaling SCF EDN1. 
Summary of substances capable of interrupting the SCF- or EDN1-activated intracellular signaling cascades and their abrogating effects on SCF- or EDN1-stimulated pigmentation of HEEs. 
×, suppressive; ?, Not suppressive. The MTT assay is a colorimetric assay for assessing cell viability based upon the principle that NAD(P)H-dependent cellular oxidoreductase enzymes reflect the number of viable cells present, which are capable of reducing the tetrazolium dye MTT (3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide) to its insoluble formazan with a purple color. 
Characteristics Number of cases (%). 
Clinical and pathological characteristics. 
Characteristics n HMGB1 p  ? + ++ +++. 
Relationship between HMGB1 expression and clinicopathological factors. 
Pathological grade n HMGB1 FOXP3   ? + ++ +++ ? + ++ +++. 
Association between HMGB1 and FOXP3, IL-2, IL-10 expression in cervical samles. 
HMGB1 n SCC-Ag  <1.5 ng/mL >1.5 ng/mL. 
Relationship between SCC-Ag and HMGB1 expression. 
Concentration (M) Temsirolimus (% Survival) Vemurafenib (% Survival) Combined (% Survival) CDI. 
Tumor cell survival after treatment of H1_DL2 melanoma brain metastasis cells. CDI, coefficient of drug interaction. 
Concentration (M) Temsirolimus (% Survival) Vemurafenib (% Survival) Combined (% Survival) CDI. 
Tumor cell survival after treatment of H3 melanoma brain metastasis cells. CDI, coefficient of drug interaction. 
Bar Number Downstream Functions. 
Specification of the downstream functions seen in Figure 7 . 
Overall (n = 3202) AP (n = 928) EU (n = 1113) LA (n = 90) US (n = 563) Japan (n = 508). 
Missing/not evaluable patients not tabulated;. 
Based on ITT population (n = 3213; AP = 955, EU = 1115, LA = 90, US = 553, Japan = 500). AP = Asia-Pacific; LA = Latin America; NA = not available. 
Factor HSP90 high (n = 55) HSP90 low (n = 23) P. 
Factor PTEN high (n = 39) PTEN low (n = 39) P. 
Factor Survival (months)    P  Median 95% CI of median 3-year (%) 5-year (%) . 
HSP90: heat shock protein 90; PTEN: phosphatase and tensin homolog; AST: aspartate aminotransferase; ALT: alanine aminotransferase; ALP: alkaline phosphatase; CEA: carcinoembryonic antigen; CA 19–9: carbohydrate antigen; IU: international unit; op: operation. 
cystadenocarcinoma:1, musinous:1. 
Factor Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) P. 
HSP90: heat shock protein 90; PTEN: phosphatase and tensin homolog; NS: not significant. 
Gene Name Fold change UP DOWN. 
A total of 486-genes responsive to KLK5 were determined by oligonucleotide microarray profiling (Illumina platform). Shown here are selected up- and down-regulated genes and their corresponding functional annotation. The complete list of differentially expressed genes is given in Sup Table S2. 
Mean fold-change (up or down) for genes represented by more than one probe. 
Characteristics Number of cases IGF-1R expression P-value IRS-2 expression P-value High Low High Low. 
Cell Line ED50 ED75 Kras status. 
The combination index (CI) was calculated and interpreted as follows: CI < 1 = Synergy; 1 = Additive effects; >1 = Antagonism. Data is presented at as CI value at 50% and 75% effective dose. Among the 13 CRC cell lines, 8 were KRAS WT and 5 were KRAS mutant. Twelve cell lines showed synergy upon combination treatment, while one namely SW948 showed antagonism [ 1 , 34 ]. 
Cell Line ED50 ED75. 
Synergy was observed in the former, while antagonism was seen in the latter. 
Variable Controls ( N = 561) Patients ( N = 203) P value. 
The distributions of demographical characteristics in 561 controls and 203 patients with HCC. 
Mann-Whitney U test or Fisher's exact test was used between healthy controls and patients with HCC. * P value < 0.05 is statistically significant. 
Variable Controls ( N = 561) n (%) Patients ( N = 203) n (%) OR (95% CI) AOR (95% CI). 
Distribution frequency of CD44 genotypes in 561 healthy controls and 203 patients with HCC. 
The odds ratios (ORs) with their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated by logistic regression models. The adjusted odds ratios (AORs) with their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated by multiple logistic regression models after controlling for age and gender. * P value < 0.05 is statistically significant. 
Variable Genotypic frequencies AA ( N = 123) AG+GG ( N = 80) OR (95% CI) AOR (95% CI) n (%) n (%). 
Adjusted odds ratio (AOR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) of clinical status and CD44 rs187115 genotypic frequencies in 203 HCC patients. 
The ORs analyzed by their 95% CIs were estimated by logistic regression models. 
The AORs with their 95% CI were estimated by multiple logistic regression models, after controlling for age, gender, and tobacco and alcohol consumption. 
>T2: multiple tumor more than 5?cm or tumor involving a major branch of the portal or hepatic vein(s). 
Variable Genotypic frequencies AA ( N = 74) AG+GG ( N = 49) OR (95% CI) AOR (95% CI) n (%) n (%). 
Adjusted odds ratio (AOR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) of clinical status and CD44 rs187115 genotypic frequencies in 123 HCC patients without smoking. 
The ORs analyzed by their 95% CIs were estimated by logistic regression models. 
The AORs with their 95% CI were estimated by multiple logistic regression models, after controlling for age, gender, and alcohol consumption. 
>T2: multiple tumor more than 5?cm or tumor involving a major branch of the portal or hepatic vein(s). 
* P value < 0.05 is statistically significant. 
Characteristic ? -Fetoproteina (ng/mL) ASTa (IU/L) ALTa (IU/L) AST/ALT ratioa. 
Association of CD44 genotypic frequencies with HCC laboratory status. 
Mann-Whitney U test was used between two groups. 
aMean ± S.E. 
Immunological risk factors Nonimmunological risk factors. 
Risk factors implicated in CAN. 
MicroRNA SNP* risk variant (alleles) Location Putative role References. 
Role of mirSNPs in lung inflammatory disease and cardiac remodeling events. 
Disease and miRNA Putative role in disease susceptibility References. 
Role of miRNAs in epigenetic regulation of lung inflammatory diseases and cardiac remodeling. 
miRNA Cell/tissue/body fluid (models) miRNA regulation; validation method Predicted target gene/possible effect References. 
miRNAs in inflammatory pulmonary diseases. 
?: increased level; ?: decreased level; ?: inhibition. Investigating models: mouse (M), rat (R), cell culture (C), and human (H). ADAM metallopeptidase with thrombospondin type 1 motif, 9 (ADAMTS9); bone morphogenetic protein receptor type Ib (BMPR1b); epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT); fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF2); fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (FGFR1); human pulmonary arterial endothelial cells (HPAECs); in situ hybridization (ISH); insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1); interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase 1 (IRAK1); interleukin-8 (IL-8); histone deacetylase 4 (HDAC4); matrix metalloproteinase-12 (MMP-12); nuclear factor- ? -B (NF ? -B); nuclear factor of activated T cells (NFAT); peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor- ? (PPAR ? ), POU domain class 2 associating factor 1, also named Oct binding factor 1 (OBF.1); programmed cell death protein 4 (PDC4); pulmonary artery endothelial cells (PAECs); human pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells (hPASMCs); human pulmonary arterial endothelial cells (HPAECs), quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR); signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3); solute carrier family 12 (sodium/potassium/chloride transporters), member 2 (SLC12A2); sprouty 2 (SPRY2); suppressor of cytokine signaling proteins (SOCS); target of Myb1 (TOM1); Toll-interacting protein (TOLLIP); TNF receptor associated factors (TRAFs); transforming growth factor beta (TGF- ? ); tumor necrosis factor receptor type II (TNFR-II); vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). 
miRNA Cell/tissue/body fluid (models) Regulation Validation method Predicted target gene/possible effect References. 
miRNAs in cardiovascular diseases. 
?: increased level; ?: decreased level; ?: inhibition. Investigating models: mouse (M), rat (R), cell culture (C), and human (H).A disintegrin and metalloproteases (ADAMs); collagen, type I, alpha 2 (Col1A2); collagen, type III, alpha 1 (Col3A1); connective tissue growth factor (CTGF); cytoplasmic SH2 domain containing protein tyrosine phosphatase (SHP2); enhancer of zeste homolog 2 (EZH2); Fas-associated death domain (FADD); iron-sulfur cluster assembly protein (ISCU); matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs); myocyte enhancer factor 2A (MEF2A); muscle ring-finger protein-1 (MuRF1); nuclear factor-kB (NF-kB); phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN); receptor-interacting protein 1 (RIP1); serum response factor (SRF); sirtuin 1 (Sirt1); proliferator-activated-receptor- ? (PPAR- ? ); sprouty homolog 1 (SPRY1); Toll-like receptor (TLR); tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 3 (TIMP3). 
Parameters ALL (n?=?101). 
Clinical characteristics of ALL patients. 
Parameters AML (n?=?87). 
Clinical characteristics of AML patients. 
Parameters CML (n?=?140). 
Clinical characteristics of CML patients. 
Gene symbol Gene name No. of SNPs in 3?UTR Gene symbol Gene name No. of SNPs in 3?UTR. 
Leukemia-associated genes with polymorphisms in 3?UTR (minor allele frequency in caucasians?>?0.05). 
Gene symbol SNP ID Predicted effect on miRNA binding miRanda PITA Partocles PolymiRTS. 
Candidate SNPs in miRNA target sequences. 
Predicted impact of the variant allele on miRNA binding by different algorithms: ? binding enhanced, ? binding weakened, miRNAs expressed in bone marrow, white blood cells or leukemias and lymphomas are in bold, miRNAs predicted by more than one algorithm are in italics. 
SNP Genotype Controls (n?=?471) ALL (n?=?101) AML (n?=?87) CML (n?=?140) n (%) n (%) Adjusted a OR (95% CI) p value n (%) Adjusted b OR (95% CI) p value n (%) Adjusted b OR (95% CI) p value Genetic model (Corrected) Genetic model (Corrected) Genetic model (Corrected). 
Distribution of genotypes of 10 selected miRSNPs in cases and controls and their association with leukemia risk. 
For each SNP the best genetic model is presented. 
OR, odds ratio; CI, 95% confidence interval. OR adjusted for asex and bsex and age. Statistically significant results are in bold. Genotype frequencies in italics deviate from the Hardy–Weinberg equilibrium. Benjamiani-Hochberg false discovery rate control was used to correct for multiple comparisons. 
Leukemia Number of risk genotypes carried Controls (n?=?468) n(%) Patients n (%) Adjusted OR (95% CI) p value. 
Cumulative effect of risk genotypes. 
OR, odds ratio; CI, 95% confidence interval. Statistically significant results are in bold. 
aRisk genotypes defined as ETV6 _rs1573613 CC, PML _rs9479 GG, TLX1 _rs2742038 TT, ATM _rs227091 CC and CT, and IRF8 _rs10514611 TT. 
bRisk alleles defined as ARHGAP26 _rs187729 CC and IRF8 _rs10514611 TT. 
cOR adjusted for sex. 
dOR adjusted for sex and age. 
(mol%) None HP — PA LA ALA DHA. 
Relative fatty acid composition of phospholipids in AGS cells. 
Name Company Target (s) Therapeutic Indication Clinical Stage. 
siRNAs and aptamers in clinical trials. 
Aptamer composition Target Cargos/targeted delivery Therapeutic Indication. 
Aptamers as delivery tools. 
Bone WT Mig-6 ?/? Control Surgery Control Surgery. 
Tibia and femur trabecular bone micro-CT data a. 
aBMD: Bone mineral density; BV/TV: Bone volume fraction (ratio of the segmented bone volume to the total volume of the region of interest); Mig-6 ?/? : Inactivated mitogen-inducible gene 6; WT: Wild type. Animals that were X-rayed were also used for micro-CT analysis. Data are expressed as mean?±?SE. b P ?<?0.05 between control and surgery. c P ?<?0.05 between genotypes for control knees. d P ?<?0.01 between genotypes for surgically treated knees. e P ?<?0.01 between control and surgery. f P ?<?0.001 between genotypes for surgically treated knees. g P ?<?0.001 between control and surgery. h P ?<?0.05 between genotypes for surgically treated knees. i P ?<?0.01 between genotypes for control knees. 
Patients (total number) Gender (male/female) Age (Years) Disease duration (years) RF (+/?) ESR (mm/1 hour) CRP a (mg/l) Number of ARA-criteria (RA) Concomitant medication ( n ). 
Clinical characteristics of the patients at the time of synovectomy/sampling. 
For the parameters age, disease duration, ESR, CRP, and number of ARA criteria (RA), means?±?standard error of the mean are given; for the remaining parameters, numbers are provided. ARA, American Rheumatism Association (now American College of Rheumatology); n.a., not applicable; n.d., not determined; NSAID, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug; RA, rheumatoid arthritis; RF, rheumatoid factor; ESR, erythrocyte sedimentation rate; CRP, C-reactive protein. 
aNormal range, <5 mg /l. 
bDisease duration in joint trauma patients. 
Study group S Control Osteoarthritis Rheumatoid arthritis Total Microarray platform a. 
Number of clinical samples and transcriptome datasets. 
aFrom Affymetrix, Santa Clara, CA, USA. 
Study group S ‘Jena_all’ ‘Jena’ ‘Berlin’ ‘Leipzig’ ‘Total’. 
Optimized number of pruned rules ( r opt ( C , S )) a and assessment of training results. 
CG, control group; n.a., not applicable; OA, osteoarthritis; RA, rheumatoid arthritis. aSee Additional file 3 . 
Training set from study group ‘Jena’ ‘Jena’ ‘Berlin’ ‘Berlin’ ‘Leipzig’ ‘Leipzig’. 
Assessment of test results. 
CG, control group; n.a., not applicable; OA, osteoarthritis; RA, rheumatoid arthritis. 
Gene symbol Probe set name Expression level ‘Jena’ ‘Berlin’ ‘Leipzig’ ‘Total’ rule rank rule rank rule rank rule rank. 
Overlap between the three independent study groups. 
The genes belonging to at least one of the pruned rule sets of the three independent study groups are highlighted in bold, genes/rules detected by two different probe sets are indicated by numbers in parentheses. 
Relation Type Cell type Number of references. 
Interactions between the premises/genes of the pruned rule sets generated from the ‘Jena’, ‘Berlin’, and ‘Leipzig’ data sets (total of 57 rules), as found by Pathway Studio and exemplified for the conclusion ‘RA’. 
For more details, see Additional file 8 . Pathway Studio from Elsevier, Munich, Germany. 
Variables Cases (N) score of SOX2 expression p   ? + ++ +++ . 
statistics after incorporating of the G1 into G2. p value represents the probability from Fisher's exact test for SOX2 expression status between variable subgroups. *, p <0.05. 
Agent Company Target MTD Half-life References. 
Summary of MET-targeted agents, target receptors, maximal tolerated dose, and half-life for HGF and MET inhibitors. 
Abbreviations: MTD, maximum tolerated dose; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; FLT, fms-related tyrosine kinase; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor; FGFR, fibroblast growth factor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; TIE-2, tyrosine kinase with immunoglobulin-like and EGF-like domains; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; ALK, anaplastic lymphoma kinase. 
Agent Disease Design Results Adverse events Biomarkers Reference. 
Results of key Phase II/III trials with HGF-MET inhibitors. 
Abbreviations: ORR, overall response rate; PFS, progression free survival; OS, overall survival; SD, stable disease; PR, partial response; CR, complete response; ALK, anaplastic lymphoma kinase; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; AST, aspartate aminotransferase; ALT, alanine aminotransferase; RT-PCR, reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction; MiT, microphthalmia transcription factor-associated tumors; IHC, immunohistochemistry; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; FISH, fluorescence in situ hybridization; EML4, echinoderm microtubule-associated protein-like 4. 
Tumor type Setting Drug n RR PFS Biomarker-selected PFS OS Biomarker-selected OS. 
Selected MET-inhibitor clinical trials with biomarker-selected results if available. 
Notes:. 
intermittent dosing cohort. 
continuous dosing cohort. 
Abbreviations: RR, relative risk; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; NR, not reported; EGFR, epidermal growth-factor receptor; CNG, copy-number gain; KRAS, Kirsten rat sarcoma; NS, no significant; ECX, epirubicin, cisplatin, Xeloda; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; ORR, overall response rate; m, months. 
Group VEGF (pg/ml) MMP-9 (ng/ml). 
Serum VEGF and MMP-9 levels in IDC and breast fibroadenoma patients and healthy adults. 
VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; MMP-9, matrix metalloproteinase-9; IDC, infiltrative ductal carcinoma. 
Characteristics Cases (n) VEGF (pg/ml) P-value MMP-9 (ng/ml) P-value. 
Association between serum MMP-9 and VEGF levels with clinicopathological characteristics of IDC patients. 
MMP-9, matrix metalloproteinase-9; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; IDC, infiltrative ductal carcinoma; UICC, Union for International Cancer Control. 
WKY SHR  Sham Sham + Ex MCAo MCAo + Ex Sham Sham + Ex MCAo MCAo + Ex. 
Mann-Whitney analysis of mNSS score and motor dysfunction in WKY and SHR rats with sham or MCAo surgery. mNSS score, balance beam scores and hindlimb stride width were assessed in WKY and SHR rats after forced treadmill exercise for 4 weeks. 
All data were represented by median value and range; ** p < 0.01 between Sham and MCAo (Mann-Whitney two tailed test); ## p < 0.01 and # p < 0.05 between MCAo and MCAo + Ex (Mann-Whitney two tailed test); a p < 0.05 between WKY-MCAo and SHR-MCAo (Mann-Whitney two tailed test); b p < 0.05 between WKY-MCAo + Ex and SHR-MCAo + Ex (Mann-Whitney two tailed test). 
Gene Primer Sequence(5?–3?) Tm (°C) Product Length (bp) GenBank Accession No. 
Oligonucleotide primers used for RT-PCR in this study. 
Accession number Protein Function pI/ MW (kDa) Peptides match/% Variation. 
Proteins identified by MALDI - TOF analysis. 
Gene N. MNA mutated FRR a Fraction of samples mutated (MNA | CRC b ) Link to oncogenesis. 
Genes recurrently mutated in MNA. 
aFalse recurrence rate (FRR) <0.05 are in bold. 
bMutSig significant ( P <0.01). 
Method Application. 
Methods used for free DNA analysis. 
Pathological / psychological state Qualitative and quantitative free DNA changes References. 
Qualitative and quantitative changes of free DNA in different pathological states. 
refers to the reference numbers. 
(a) Original discovery patient cohort (?=?44) (b) Independent validation patient cohort ( n ?=?31) (c) Combined chemorefractory patient cohort ( n ?=?54). 
CAP, capecitabine; EGFR?=?epidermal growth factor receptor; IRI, irinotecan; OXA, oxaliplatin. 
Original discovery patient cohort ( a ). Independent validation patient cohort ( b ). Combined chemorefractory patient cohort ( c ). 
NEC Genes Function NEC Cell lines Tissue of origin. 
(NCI-60 epithelial consensus (NEC) genes and cell lines. See Fig. 4 ). 
AJ, adherens junction; TJ, tight junction; NEC, NCI-60 epithelial consensus. 
Gene Alternate name Correlation (r) Function in epithelia. 
Gene Alternate name Correlation (r). 
NEC, NCI-60 epithelial consensus. 
Gene Alternate name Correlation (r). 
NEC, NCI-60 epithelial consensus. 
Tissue Gene set Mesench/Epithelial % mesenchymal Figure. 
(a) Tight junction plus cadherin family genes. 
(b) Epithelial and non-epithelial or mesenchmal genes from Tables 2 and 4 , respectively. 
(c) One intermediate cell line not counted. 
(d) Two intermediate cell line not counted. 
Term Definition a. 
Glossary. 
a Further technical references are given in Stevens et al. , [ 33 ]. 
  JIA-associated genes with correlated expression data that lie within the minimal essential network (MEN) Dapple P -value. 
Genes of greatest potential functional relevance determined by network analysis. 
Genes present within the MEN which also show altered gene expression in either rheumatoid-negative (RF-ve) polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) compared with controls, oligoarticular JIA compared with controls, or between oligoarticular compared with RF-ve polyarticular JIA are listed. Presence in the MEN indicates functional priority and the Disease association protein-protein link evaluator (Dapple) P -value assesses the statistical significance of network connectivity compared to what would be expected by chance. 
Amounts per day per animal Dose I Dose II. 
Characterization of the flavonoid profile administered to young rats for a period of 3 weeks. The quantification of levels of both anthocyanins and flavanols oligomers showed that Dose I delivered a total of 8.71 mg of flavonoids per animal per day, consisting of 5.37 mg of anthocyanins and 3.34 mg of flavanols; whilst Dose II delivered a total 17.42 mg of flavonoids per animal per day, consisting of 10.75 mg of anthocyanins and 6.67 mg of flavanols. 
Genes Average ?Ct 2 ^ -? Ct Fold Expression  +DOX -DOX +DOX -DOX +DOX/? DOX. 
The formula used to calculate the relative gene expression level (2 ^ -? Ct):. 
? Ct = Ct (GOI) – avg. (Ct (HKG)), where GOI is each gene of interest, and HKG are the housekeeping genes. 
Oxidative Stress Genes Average ?Ct 2 ^ -? Ct Fold Expression  +DOX ?DOX +DOX ?DOX +DOX/? DOX. 
genes confirmed by northern analysis to be downregulated when Mirk depleted (18). 
Tumor Type ALK Alteration ALK Mutation Frequency References. 
ALK Fusion Variant EML-ALK Translocation Nomenclature Fusion Protein Characteristics (cell growth inhibition studies were done in Ba/F3 cells expressing each EML4-ALK variant) Frequency in NSCLC. 
Mechanism of Crizotinib Resistance Comment(s) References. 
“pm” denotes a point mutation. 
Molecular Components Main Cellular Signaling Main Role and Function References. 
List of the Main Molecular Components of Cellular Signaling Pathways Involved in the Antitumor Effect of ANP. 
Enzyme Substrate K m (? m ) V max (?mol·min?1·mg?1) Reference. 
Kinetic parameters for the phosphorylation of IP6 and IP5 by the human inositol hexakisphosphate kinases. All measurements were made with the GST-tagged protein. 
Enzyme Substrate K m (? m ) V max (?mol·min?1·mg?1) Reference. 
Kinetic parameters for the phosphorylation of IP6 and 5PP-IP5 by the human inositol hexakisphosphate and diphosphoinositol-pentakisphosphate kinases. KD indicates that only the kinase domain of the protein was used in the assay. NR, not reported. 
Enzyme Substrate K M (? m ) k cat (s?1) k cat/ K M ( m ?1·s?1 × 10?3) Reference. 
Kinetic parameters for the cleavage of pyrophosphate bonds. The data were taken from the references cited but converted into uniform units. 
Enzyme Partner Function. 
The interactions of the diphosphoinositol polyphosphate metabolizing enzymes. For references to these interactions, see text. 
Recurrent genetic abnormality Common genes implicated Prognosis Additional comment References. 
Recurrent genetic abnormalities in B-ALL, associated affected genes, and prognosis. 
Treatment Viable cells (% of control) Apoptosis (% of cells). 
Effects of atorvastatin, celecoxib and tipifarnib alone or in combination on the growth and apoptosis of Panc-1 cells. 
Panc-1 cells were seeded at a density of 2×104 cells/ml of medium and incubated for 24 h. The cells were then treated with atorvastatin, celecoxib or tipifarnib for 96 h. DMSO was used as the vehicle for each drug and the final concentration of DMSO for each incubation was 0.2%. The number of viable cells was counted by using the trypan blue exclusion assay. Apoptotic cells were determined by morphological assessment. Each value represents the mean ± SE from multiple samples in a single experiment. Statistical analysis using ANOVA with the Tukey-Kramer multiple comparison test showed that the number of viable cells was significantly lower in the atorvastatin + celecoxib + tipifarnib group than in the control or any other treatment groups (p<0.001), and that the percent apoptotic cells was significantly higher in the atorvastatin + celecoxib + tipifarnib group than in the control or any other treatment group (p<0.001). 
SK-BR-3 cells  MDA-MB-231 cells       Cell cycle stage (%) Control Leptin-treated P-value Control Leptin-treated P-value. 
Changes of cell population distribution across cell cycle stages after 24 h of treatment with 1,600 ng/ml leptin. 
Values represent the mean ± standard error of three independent experiments. P-values were determined by Student’s t-test. Each experiment had two replicates, i.e., six data points for control and treatment. 
P no. Age a /gender G S Tobacco useb p16 p53 RPMI M199 Tissue. 
Demographic data, p16 and p53 statuses, and blood and tissue culture results of the patients. 
package/year. 
P, patient; M, male; F, female; G, grade; L, low grade; H, high grade; S, stage; del, deletion; amp, amplification; fra, fragility; chbr, chromosome break; chtb, chromatin break; hsr, homogen staining region; t, translocation; inv, inversion; mar, marker; ace, acentric; ter, terminal; izo, izochromosome. 
Chrom. no. Structural abnormalities Numerical abnormalities   Location (ratio) Low grade High grade    Low grade High grade n Ratio n Ratio. 
Comparison of structural and numerical abnormalities for each chromosome in low and high-grade bladder cancers. 
Chrom. no., chromosome number; n, number of cells with aberration; -, choromosomal abnormality was not detected. 
Group, SKI-II (?mol/l) + DDP (mg/l) Inhibition rate (%) IC50 RF. 
Reversing effect of SKI-II on SGC7901/DDP cells. 
Data are presented as the mean ± SD; n=6. SKI-II, 4-[4-(4-chloro-phenyl)-thiazol-2-ylamino]-phenol; DDP, cis-diamminedichloroplatinum (II); RF, reversion fold. 
Groups, SKI-II (?mol/l) + DDP (mg/l) P-gp MRP1 p-JNK p-ERK. 
Expression of P-gp, MRP-1, p-ERK and p-JNK in the immunocytochemistry assay in vitro . 
P<0.05 vs. control group,. 
P<0.05 vs. DDP 2.5 group and. 
P<0.05 vs. SKI-II 1.25 group. 
Data are presented as the mean ± SD; n=3. P-gp, P-glycoprotein; MRP1, multidrug resistance (MDR)-associated protein-1; SKI-II, 4-[4-(4-chloro-phenyl)-thiazol-2-ylamino]-phenol; DDP, cis-diamminedichloroplatinum (II); p-ERK, phosphorylated extracellular-signal-regulated kinase; p-JNK, phosphorylated c-Jun N-terminal kinase. 
Protein expression rate (%)   Group P-gp MRP1 p-ERK p-JNK. 
Expression of P-gp, MRP-1, p-ERK and p-JNK in immunocytochemistry assay in vivo . 
P<0.05 vs. control,. 
P<0.05 vs. DDP group and. 
P<0.05 vs. SKI-II group. 
Data are presented as the mean ± SD; n=4. P-gp, P-glycoprotein; MRP1, multidrug resistance (MDR)-associated protein-1; SKI-II, 4-[4-(4-chloro-phenyl)-thiazol-2-ylamino]-phenol; DDP, cis-diamminedichloroplatinum (II); p-ERK, phosphorylated extracellular-signal-regulated kinase; p-JNK, phosphorylated c-Jun N-terminal kinase. 
OD   Group P-gp MRP1 p-JNK p-ERK. 
OD value of P-gp, MRP1, p-JNK and p-ERK in all the groups in vivo in the western blot assay. 
P<0.05 vs. control,. 
P<0.05 vs. DDP 2.5 group and. 
P<0.05 vs. SKI-II 1.25 group. 
Data are presented as the mean ± SD; n=3. OD, optical density; P-gp, P-glycoprotein; MRP1, multidrug resistance (MDR)-associated protein-1; SKI-II, 4-[4-(4-chloro-phenyl)-thiazol-2-ylamino]-phenol; DDP, cis-diamminedichloroplatinum (II); p-ERK, phosphorylated extracellular-signal-regulated kinase; p-JNK, phosphorylated c-Jun N-terminal kinase. 
OD   Group P-gp MRP1 p-ERK p-JNK. 
OD value of P-gp, MRP1, p-JNK and p-ERK in all the groups in vitro in the western blot assay. 
P<0.05 vs. control,. 
P<0.05 vs. DDP group and. 
P<0.05 vs. SKI-II group. 
Data are presented as the mean ± SD; n=4. OD, optical density; P-gp, P-glycoprotein; MRP1, multidrug resistance (MDR)-associated protein-1; SKI-II, 4-[4-(4-chloro-phenyl)-thiazol-2-ylamino]-phenol; DDP, cis-diamminedichloroplatinum (II); p-ERK, phosphorylated extracellular-signal-regulated kinase; p-JNK, phosphorylated c-Jun N-terminal kinase. 
Gene ID Primer name Primer sequence. 
Sham CRF  Normal salt Normal salt High salt. 
Data from 3 independent experiments are expressed as mean ± SD (n?=?6 in each group);. 
P <0.05 versus rats fed with normal salt in the sham group;. 
P< 0.05 versus CRF group fed with normal salt diet. 
HW, heart weight, recorded for perfused hearts after removal of the atria and major blood vessels; HW/BW, heart weight/body weight; SBP, systolic blood pressure; UPE, urinary protein excretion. 
Gene name ID Heart disease. 
Characteristics EGFL7, N (%) r P value  No expression Weak expression Strong expression    (n?=?3) (n?=?17) (n?=?59)  . 
Note : r is Spearman’s rank correlation coefficient; two-tailed significances,. 
* P <0.05. 
TargetID SYMBOL Description Chr. Location S MI LG HG Inv. 
Genes are listed in order of Wilcoxon P value and FDR P value. Gene symbol and name per HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC), chromosomal location per Ensembl. 
The age of 2 patients was not available. All tumors were urothelial (transitional cell) carcinoma. 12 tumors were annotated as Grade II and histology slides were unavailable. 
Virus (stain) Country Year * Status Phase Protocol Result References. 
Oncolytic herpes simplex viruses in completed and ongoing clinical trials for malignant glioma . 
Year approved or initiated. 
According to The Journal of Gene Medicine Clinical Trial site ( http://www.abedia.com/wiley/index.html ). 
Author Year Markers Used. 
Studies that evaluated BRAF mutation in preoperative FNAC of thyroid nodules. 
Marker Average SN Average SP Average PV + Average PV - Average AC. 
Several markers used in the preoperative evaluation of FNA from thyroid nodules. From Rodrigues et al. [71]. 
SN, sensibility; SP, specificity; PV +, predictive positive value; PV -, predictive negative value; AC, accuracy. 
Probe Sequence (5’-3’) Length. 
EMSA probes. 
Probe Sequence (5’-3’) Product size. 
Primers for ChIP. 
Trial Phase Population Patients ORR (%) PFS (months) OS (months) Key findings. 
Summary of results from BRIM1, BRIM2, and BRIM3. 
Abbreviations: ORR, overall response rate; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; BRIM, BRAF Inhibitor in Melanoma. 
Adverse event BRIM2 BRIM3. 
Adverse events of any grade reported in at least 5% of patients treated with vemurafenib. 
Abbreviations: SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; BRIM, BRAF Inhibitor in Melanoma. 
BRAF-directed therapy Additional target Comments Disease NCT#. 
Active trials with BRAF inhibitors referenced in the manuscript. 
Abbreviations: Cdk, cyclin dependent kinase; CTLA4, cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4; IL-2, interleukin-2; MEK, mitogen-activated and extracellular signal-regulated kinase kinase; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PI3K, phosphatidylinositide-3-kinases; PD-L1, programmed death-ligand 1; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Class Score Edge width Parameters 1. 
Parameters used to calculate the Class scores: interaction described as experimental (not predicted) (+4); interaction described in more than one paper (PubMed ID >1) and at least one paper not describing high-throughput (HT) experiments (+4); interaction described in more than one paper (PubMed ID >1) (+3); interaction described in only one paper (PubMed ID ?=?1) (+1); interacting nodes described in the same cellular component (CC) (+1). For novel interactions not described in any paper (PubMed ID ?=?0), even if the interacting nodes are described in the same CC, it will be assigned Class score E. 
Mean and standard deviation of serum levels of all the five trace elements and intergroup comparison with statistical values in the three groups. 
Correlation of mean serum levels of all the trace elements with duration of habits in Group I. 
Correlation of mean serum levels of all the trace elements with duration of habits in Group II. 
Category Term P - value Count up % up Count down % down group. 
Functional categorization of genes from the PSNE signature. 
The top five Gene Ontology terms within the “Molecular function” and the “Biological process” subcategories and associated p-values are listed. The number and percentage of up- and down-regulated genes in each subcategory are indicated. A group number was attributed to each subcategory in order to spot the genes belonging to each subcategory in Additional file 2 : Table S1. 
KEGG pathway P - value Genes. 
KEGG functional annotation of genes from the PSNE signature. 
The top five over-represented molecular pathways of the PSNE signature using KEGG pathway analysis. 
Ingenuity canonical pathways P - value Genes. 
IPA annotation of genes from the PSNE signature. 
The top five over-represented molecular pathways of the PSNE signature using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis. 
Autoimmune disease miRNA Expression localization and regulatory role Documented and postulated effect Reference. 
miRNAs in autoimmune disease. 
“?” represents upregulated. 
“?” represents downregulated. 
“P” represents potential diagnostic biomarker. 
miRNA Deregulation in MM (versus normal control unless specified) Targets/function/clinical relevance Association with clinical parameters. 
Selected miRNA deregulations in MM. 
SAC protein Samples Expression levels References. 
Expression levels of core spindle assembly checkpoint components in oral squamous cell carcinoma. 
PMD: potentially malignant disorders; OSCCIS: in situ OSCC; OSCCWT: invasive OSCC without metastasis; OSCCW: invasive OSCC with metastasis; cervical LN: lymph nodes; OLNM: nonmalignant oral lesions. 
No. of patients 56 No. of samples 56 (100%). 
Clinic-pathologic sample characteristics. 
Synthetic diet content (%) Control DMH treated FO + CO (1?:?1) + EDTA FO + CO (1?:?1) + DMH FO + CO + (2.5?:?1) + EDTA FO + CO (2.5?:?1) + DMH. 
Composition of the diet. 
Groups Net MFI of PPAR ? Initiation phase Postinitiation phase. 
Effect of fish oil and corn oil on PPAR ? expression in experimentally induced colon cancer. 
The results are expressed as Mean ± S.D. for n = 8. 
*** P < 0.001?with respect to control, ### P < 0.001?with respect to DMH, and ††† P < 0.001?with respect to FO?:?CO (1?:?1) + DMH. 
Groups Initiation phase (% of ? -catenin positive cells) Postinitiation phase (% of ? -catenin positive cells) Membranous Cytoplasmic Nuclear Membranous Cytoplasmic Nuclear. 
Effect of fish oil and corn oil on expression and nuclear localization of ? -catenin in the colon cancer. 
The results are expressed as Mean ± S.D. for n = 8. 
*** P < 0.001?with respect to control, ### P < 0.001?with respect to DMH, and † P < 0.05?with respect to FO?:?CO (1?:?1) + DMH. 
  Total Low-risk High-risk Recurrence. 
Clinical features of human endometrial cancer. 
Reference Methodology Malignancy and target screened Population Mutations identified Biological correlates Clinical correlates. 
Summary of the largest studies of Ras pathway mutations in ALL . 
MicroRNA Target genes Function Cell lines In vivo models Citation. 
Upregulated apoptosis-associated miRNAs in lung cancer. 
N/D: not determined; N/T: not tested. 
MicroRNA Target genes Function Cell lines In vivo models Citation. 
Downregulated apoptosis-associated miRNAs in lung cancer. 
N/D: not determined; N/T: not tested. 
Drug MicroRNA Target genes Function Cell Lines In vivo models Citation. 
Drug-associated miRNAs in lung cancer. 
N/D: Not determined, N/T: Not tested. 
Treatment IC50 in ? M (mean ± SEM) HCT-116 MCF-7 MDA-MB-231 EAC. 
Preliminary cytotoxicity assessment in various cell lines. 
Values are reported as mean ± SEM of three readings in triplicate; ND: not determined. 
HCT-116, MCF-7, and MDA-MB-231 by SRB assay (exposure: 48?h). 
EAC by Trypan blue exclusion assay (exposure: 4?h). 
Apoptotic indices (mean ± SEM) Groups AO/EB staining Hoechst 33342 staining. 
Effect on the apoptotic indices by AO/EB and Hoechst 33342 staining. 
Values are reported as mean ± SEM of three readings in triplicate. 
a P < 0.01 when compared to the control group. 
Groups ACF incidence (%) Polyps (adenomas) Number of ACFs/cm2? (mean ± SEM) Small (0.1–1?mm) Medium (2–4?mm) Large (5–8?mm) Total count. 
Effect on ACF incidence, number of ACFs, and size of polyps (adenomas) in DMH-induced colon cancer in rats. 
Values are reported as mean ± SEM of three readings in triplicate. 
a P < 0.01 when compared to the control group. 
Percentage (%)   Groups G1 S G2/M. 
Cell cycle distribution of P4 generation HUVECs following KDNC1-siRNA treatment for 72 h (n=3). 
Data are presented as the mean ± standard deviation. 
P<0.05 compared with NT-siRNA. 
KNDC1, kinase noncatalytic C-lobe domain containing 1; HUVECs, human umbilical vein endothelial cells; P4, passage 4; NT-siRNA, non-targeting control pool; siRNA, small interfering RNA. 
Tool Basis and advantages Disadvantages. 
RhoGTPase or GEF Type of regulation NF?B component regulated by RhoGTPase signalling Cell type evaluated. 
Dysregulated genes of stress response pathway in Cr6+ exposed cells. 
Dysregulated genes of apoptosis pathway in Cr6+ exposed cells. 
Dysregulated genes of cell cycle pathway in Cr6+ exposed cells. 
Dysregulated genes of DNA repair, metabolism pathway in Cr6+ exposed cells. 
Dysregulated genes of oncogene pathway in Cr6+ exposed cells. 
Dysregulation genes of energy metabolism pathway in Cr6+ exposed cells. 
Dysregulated genes of biosynthesis pathway in Cr6+ exposed cells. 
Dysregulated genes of immune system pathway in Cr6+ exposed cells. 
Tissues Number Score 4 Score 3 Score 2 Score 0-1  . 
Expression of C/EBP? protein in the chronic cervicitis tissues and cervical carcinoma tissues. 
Tissues Number C/EBP? protein expression       Score 4 Score 3 Score 2 Score 0-1  . 
Expression level of C/EBP? protein in cervical squamous carcinoma of different grades of pathology. 
Solution Saline Serum Hyaluronate 0.5% Statistics. 
Location (n) Location (%). 
Major SAEs Incidence a Procedural Incidence b. 
Parameter NEC (20) [n with samples] Non-NEC (24) [n with samples] P value. 
IL-1? (Mean ± SE) IL-6 (Mean ± SE) TNF? (Mean ± SE) NLRP3 (Mean ± SE). 
UCI UCA CDI CDA Healthy controls. 
Mild (n=24) Moderate to severe (n=11) p value n % n %. 
CS: corticosteroids; IS: immunosuppressors; BIO: biologics; Res: resistance; Dep: dependence; CI: contraindications; CRP: C-reactive protein; n.a: not applicable. 
All Patients - ITT Anti-TNF- naive Anti-TNF- experienced PBO N=246 ADA N=248 PBO N=145 ADA N=150 PBO N=101 ADA N=98. 
As-Observed NRI Achievers Non- achievers P -Value Achievers Non- achievers P -Value. 
Median PUCAI score High dose MP Low dose MP p-value. 
IFX+AZA IFX AZAa n=57 n=58 n=53. 
5-ASA Steroids Immunosuppressants Biologicals. 
Polyps/Year H.P. S.P. M.P. 
Diagnostic test FIT ?100ng/ml UK criteria SCORE criteria NORCCAP criteria. 
Colonoscopy findings FIT positive (N=59) FIT negative (N=513) Sensitivity (95% CI) Specificity (95% CI) PPV (95% CI) NPV (95% CI). 
Predictor Outcome Unstandardized Standardized p-value b SE b. 
Sphincterotomy (n=8) Fistulotomy (n=8) Rectal prolapse (n=6) Healthy subjects (n=10). 
Table 1 IBS Asymptomatic Non-IBS Missing. 
Type of physician IBS-C IBS-D Experts GEs GPs Experts GEs GPs. 
Serum fibrosis scores alone In combination with LSM Best cutoff sensitivity specificity LR+ LR- sensitivity specificity LR+ LR-. 
Patient Question Mean Score. 
Bowel Preparation Poor/Fair Good/Excellent P value. 
Patients (n) Treatment Success Stricture Recurrence Loss of Stent Success after Stent Loss. 
PDGP group NKPS group P value. 
Types of Portal Hypertension Etiology. 
T-Cell- Phenotype Liver. 
a Data are presented as %. 
Cell Type TLR- Expression. 
a Abbreviation: TLR, Toll Like Receptor. 
TCGA tumor samples TCGA normal samples. 
TCGA samples. 
Substrate Localization/Biological Function Substrate-digesting MMPs Role in development. 
Structural elements of the ECM crucial in the development of early and/or advanced age-related macular degeneration: their characteristics, biological function, and digesting matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs). 
BM – basement membrane; ICL – internal collagenous layer; EL – elastic layer; OCL – outer collagenous layer. 
Familial. 
rs# Chr Position Case MAF Control MAF Allele Test p-value (adjusted † ) Odds Ratio (OR) 95% OR HW Test p-value Published study unadjusted p-value ‡. 
Note: Fifteen reported and four newly-identified CRC-susceptibility SNPs were genotyped in 705 cases and compared to 1802 healthy control in Taiwan View Biobank. Allele and genotype frequencies were compared using Chi-square tests. 
*SNP showed significant differences in allele frequencies between cases and controls (unadjusted p-value<0.05). 
Permutation-based p-value adjustments (bootstrap n?=?1,000) was applied. 
Jia WH et al. Nature Genet 45 ?191–196. 
rs# Chr Position No of adjacentnon-tumors with heterozygousgenotype No of tumors with Allele1 homozygous genotype No of tumors with Allele2 homozygous genotype Total No of tumors with LOH The percent of tumors with LOH The percent ofMajor-GenotypeShift Fisher Exact Test unadjusted p-value. 
Note: Fifteen reported and four newly identified CRC-susceptibility SNPs were genotyped in tumor and adjacent non-tumor tissues in 705 CRC cases. Only cases with heterozygous genotypes, which provide di-allelic information, were used in the following analysis. Differences in retention of specific alleles were compared using Fisher exact tests. 
The asterisk indicates significant p-value. 
Rank   FDR FDR    (MHT) (GSEA). 
Highlighted miRNAs have been confirmed by deep sequencing analysis. 
Direction of deregulation. 
FDR (GSEA). 
Highlighted pathways used by IntegraMiR to construct Type III loops. 
Characteristic N (%) BANCR P value. 
Gene name Accession # Sequences. 
Group ALB (g/dL) ALT (unit/L) AST (unit/L) ALP (unit/L) Glu (g/dL) TG (mg/dL) BUN (mg/dL). 
Standard blood biochemistry parameters were analyzed in 7-week-old WT C57BL/6 and STG90 mice (n?=?9 mice per genotype and gender). ALB, albumin; ALT, alanine transaminase; AST, aspartate aminotransferase; ALP, alkaline phosphatase; Glu, glucose; TG, triglycerides; CK, creatine phosphokinase; BUN, blood urea nitrogen. 
Gene Name Forward (5?- 3?) Reverse (5?- 3?) Accession No. 
Summary of common gene expression between two or more primary gastrointestinal primary cancer sites. 
Functional classification of genes common between three or more primary gastrointestinal malignancies. 
Tumor induction by stochastic activation of oncogenic H-RAS through heat shock. 
Parameter Total samples Percentage miR-124 expression High (n%) Low (n%) P. 
Name Sequence (5?-3?). 
Primer name 5?-3? nucleotide sequence. 
Oligonucleotide primers used in this study. 
Sr.No microRNA MMP Type and target molecule Cancer type Phenotype investigated Pathway Reference. 
Summary of microRNA/MMP linked interactions in cancer: Individual microRNAs and targeting MMPs directly or indirectly via other proteins leading up to cancer progression and metastasis in different cancer entities are outlined. Also included the possible pathways implicated in the mediation of observed phenotype. 
Cell line Src ? (%) Stat3 ? (%) GJIC ? 50% confluent 100 + 3 days. 
Src , Stat3 and GJIC in lung cancer lines. 
? Stat3-705 and Src 418 levels were measured by Western blotting. Numbers represent relative values obtained by quantitation analysis, with the average of the values for Src -transduced, SK-LuCi6- Src cells taken as 100%. Averages of at least three experiments ± SEM are shown. For Stat3, data from cells grown to 50% confluence or 3 days after confluence are presented, with the average of the values for Src -transduced, SK-LuCi6- Src cells grown to 50% confluence taken as 100%. The transcriptional activity values obtained paralleled the Stat3-705 phosphorylation levels indicated [ 23 ]. Rat F111: Fisher Rat fibroblasts [ 48 ]; T51B: Rat liver epithelial line [ 36 ]; E10: mouse lung epithelial type II line [ 37 ]; ? GJIC was assessed at 3 days after confluence. 
Drug Target Indication Status. 
STAT3 inhibitors tested in clinical trials for solid tumors. 
Transcription factor Region in BRCA1 (aa) Assays References. 
Transcription factors that bind to BRCA1. 
Abbreviations, AP: affinity purification; Co-IP: co-immunoprecipitation; GAL4: GAL4 reporter gene assay; GST: GST pull-down; M2H: mammalian two hybrid; N/D: not determined; Y2H: yeast two hybrid. 
Inhibitor Name Mechanism of Action Selectivity Cancer Type Reference. 
Currently Available STAT3 Inhibitors. 
  CLN2 CLN3 CLN4. 
Patient clinical information. 
Participant code Total reads sequenced Total bases sequenced Coverage Number of germline variants Percent dbSNP Transition/transversion ratio. 
Whole genome sequencing. 
Sample Chr Gene name Position Coding event Sequence change Substitution. 
SNVs and indels in relevance to cancer. 
Sample Chr Gene name SNV location CNV variant type Change associated with variant Start End Correlation. 
Correlation of genes with SNVs and amplifications and deletions. 
Putative bone mineral density genes identified in genome-wide association studies and meta-analyses. 
Genes/loci in bold are those with evidence of cross study replication. 
Within-study replication means the study includes a follow-up replication component. 
Between-study replication means the gene/loci showed significance in different studies (not necessarily totally independent because some large meta-analyses such as GEFOS-2 (Estrada et al. (12)) include the samples from other individual GWASs. 
LS, lumbar spine; FN, femoral neck; OF, osteoporotic fracture; HF, hip fracture. 
Putative osteoporotic fracture genes identified in genome-wide association studies and meta-analyses. 
Any type of fracture: consisting of low-trauma fractures at any skeletal site (except fingers, toes and skull). 
NV Fracture, Nonvertebral fracture; OF, Osteoporotic fracture; GWAS, genome-wide association study. 
year targets and subjects substrate surfaces. 
Native membranes and live cells are placed on chemically modified mica surfaces. 
Native membranes are suspended over nanowells. In the other cases, native membranes are placed and SLBs are formed on bare mica surfaces. Streptavidin 2D crystals are formed on biotin-containing SLBs. 
technique sample information resolution range “high-resolution” refs. 
software name webpage access applications. 
Genotype of skin # Mice # Tumor Classification Multiple tumors. 
A majority of tumors forming in the mice were fixed and classified by morphology after sectioning and staining with hematoxylin and eosin. The number of mice in cohort and the number of mice presenting with one or more tumors are given in second and third columns. Tumors undergoing histopathologic analysis and classified are given in fourth column, as are the numbers (and percentages) of mice presenting with multiple, simultaneous tumor formations (last column). SCC?=?squamous cell carcinoma, BCC?=?basal cell carcinoma, Carc?=?carcinoma, wd?=?well differentiated, md?=?moderately differentiated, pd?=?poorly differentiated, vpd?=?very poorly differentiated-undifferentiated. 
Antibody Company Clone Dilution. 
Parameters Total (n?=?709) (%) Luminal A (n?=?297) (%) Luminal B (n?=?168) (%) HER-2 (n?=?70) (%) TNBC (n?=?174) (%) P -value. 
TNBC, triple negative breast cancer. 
Parameters Total (n?=?709) (%) Luminal A (n?=?297) (%) Luminal B (n?=?168) (%) HER-2 (n?=?70) (%) TNBC (n?=?174) (%) P -value. 
TNBC, triple negative breast cancer. 
Parameters PHGDH in tumor PSAT1 in tumor PSPH in tumor PSPH in stroma  Negative n?=?452 (%) Positive n?=?257 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?526 (%) Positive n?=?183 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?611 (%) Positive n?=?98 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?625 (%) Positive n?=?84 (%) P -value *. 
*p-value was corrected by the Bonferroni method. 
Parameters SHMT1 in tumor SHMT1 in stroma GLDC in tumor GLDC in stroma  Negative n?=?598 (%) Positive n?=?111 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?310 (%) Positive n?=?399 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?370 (%) Positive n?=?339 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?621 (%) Positive n?=?88 (%) P -value *. 
*p-value was corrected by the Bonferroni method. 
Parameters Glut-1 in tumor CAIX in tumor MCT4 in tumor  Negative n ?=? 499 (%) Positive n?=?210 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?499 (%) Positive n?=?210 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?529 (%) Positive n?=?180 (%) P -value *. 
*p-value was corrected by the Bonferroni method. 
Parameters Glut-1 in stroma CAIX in stroma MCT4 in stroma  Negative n?=?693 (%) Positive n?=?16 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?595 (%) Positive n?=?114 (%) P -value * Negative n?=?409 (%) Positive n?=?300 (%) P -value *. 
*p-value was corrected by the Bonferroni method. 
Parameters Number of patients/recurrence/death Disease-free survival Overall survival   Mean survival (95% CI) months P -value Mean survival (95% CI) months P -value. 
Included parameters Disease-free survival Overall survival  Hazard ratio 95% CI P -value Hazard ratio 95% CI P -value. 
Database Version/date Graph type Address. 
Mustard lung network Simulated Barabasi Albert model, (scale free) Simulated Erdos-Renyi model. 
Gene Genbank Accession # Target sequence. 
Target sequences used to design probe sets for multiplexed gene expression analysis (NanoString nCounterTM). 
Compound ID IC50 (?mol/L) *. 
*Cell proliferation assay was done according to the method mentioned in the Materials and methods section. The IC50 values represent the mean±SEM of quadruplicate determinations. 
Domain Codon Position wtMEK pMEK1 pMEK2 pMEK3 pMEK4 pMEK5. 
pMEK plasmid nucleotide changes to D-site lysines and catalytic site serines. 
Mutations at positions 3 and 6 in the D-site were introduced to disrupt MEK-ERK interaction and corresponding phosphorylation of ERK. Mutations at positions 243 and 247 mimic MEK phosphorylation and, hence, activation. The codons are shown with encoded amino acids in parentheses. wtMEK = wild type MEK; amino acid substitutions are noted with asterisks. 
Plasmid constructs Resulting amino acid mutations Primer sequence 5? ? 3?. 
Primer sequences for site-directed mutagenesis. 
Paired synthetic primers encoding the engineered SNPs (bold) were used to introduce mutations into the MEK -encoding sequence through mutagenic primer-directed replication of both plasmid strands. 
Variables Groups  CTR BRD CTR Los BRD Los. 
RMP: Resting membrane potential; APA: Action potential amplitude; APD: Action potential duration. The results are expressed as mean ± SEM; n?=?6 (CTR), n?=?5 (BRD), n?=?4 (CTR Los), n?=?5 (BRD Los). Statistical significance: * P<0.05 vs. CTR, #P<0.05 vs. CTR Los, †P<0.05 vs. BRD Los. 
Variables Groups  CTR BRD CTR Los BRD Los. 
RMP: Resting membrane potential. APA: Action potential amplitude; APD: Action potential duration. The results are expressed as mean ± SEM; n?=?6 (CTR), n?=?5 (BRD), n?=?4 (CTR Los), n?=?5 (BRD Los). No statistical differences were found among groups. 
  Total JMJD2A P -value Correlation coefficient     0 (?) 1 (+) 2 (++) 3 (+++)         n?=?11 n?=?56 n?=?53 n?=?35    . 
Association between JMJD2A expression and disease parameters in 155 cases of breast cancer. 
1TNM stage is a classification of malignant tumors used by the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO). T describes the size of primary tumor, N describes nearby lymph nodes that are involved, and M describes distant metastasis. * P <0.05, ** P <0.01. 
  Total JMJD2A P -value Correlation coefficient     0 (?) 1 (+) 2 (++) 3 (+++)         n?=?11 n?=?56 n?=?53 n?=?35    . 
Association between JMJD2A expression and clinicopathological parameters in 155 cases of breast cancer. 
* P <0.05. ER, estrogen receptor; PR, progesterone receptor; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2; ARHI, Aplasia Ras homolog member I. 
Primary antibodies Specificity Source Clone Company Dilution. 
Small RGCs (100–400 pixels) Large RGCs (400–1000 pixels). 
Fluorogold+ PI+ RGCs were classified as small and large depending on their diameter in pixels. Cells with values between 100 and 400 pixels were arbitrarily considered “small” and cells with values between 400 and 1000 were consider “large”. More than 7000 cells per group were counted as described in the Methods and all retinal areas were averaged for each group. 
Current standard of care. 
Surgical aids. 
Molecularly targeted therapy. 
Immunotherapy. 
Gene therapy. 
List of miRNAs profiling studies in SLE patients. 
CENP-M incubation with: Binding:. 
List of potential binding interactions of CENP-M tested with purified proteins and complexes. 
DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.02978.008. 
Scenario 1: homogeneous, non-overlapping subpopulations after stimulation  m distribution ODE const. variability # par.  BIC (104) rank ?BIC decision. 
For both scenarios (homogeneous subpopulations and heterogeneous subpopulations) four different model hypothesis (H1: no subpopulations; H2: different levels of activatability, ; H3: different basal activation rates, ; and H4: different deactivation rates, ) were tested using three models each, differing in the distribution assumption (normal vs. log-normal) and the ODE constrained properties (subpopulation mean vs. subpopulation median). The resulting 12 ODE-MMs were fitted to the experimental data using multi-start local optimisation (accuracy: 10 digits). The plausibility of models has been evaluated using the Bayesian information criterion (BIC) and models were rejected if [85] . For both scenarios, ODE-MM unraveled the true underlying population structure (different values in the subpopulations) with high significance. 
m distribution ODE const. variability # par. ? BIC (104) rank ?BIC decision. 
For each biological hypothesis (H1: no subpopulations; H2: different levels of total Erk, ; H3: different levels of total TrkA, ) three models, differing in the distribution assumption (normal vs. log-normal) and the ODE constrained properties (subpopulation mean vs. subpopulation median), have been specified and fitted to the experimental data using multi-start local optimisation (accuracy: 10 digits). For the model selection using the Bayesian information criterion (BIC) we found that H1 and H2 could be rejected according to [85] as . The subpopulations seemed to follow a log-normal distribution. The two models, and , which only differ in the ODE constrained property were acceptable. 
AIF expression level Feature n +?+++ ???/+ *. 
*+++ : >50% cells stained and brown in tissue; ++: 20–50% cells stained and snuff color in tissue; +: mild to moderate staining of 5–20% cells in tissue; ? /+ : <5% of cells stained and faint in tissue; ?: negative, non-stained cells in tissue;. 
P value between Normal and Tumor group is less than 0.001. 
**Others contain 4 papillary RCC, 1 renal oncocytoma and 1 chromophobe RCC. 
Gene Fold-change of up- or downregulation. 
Differentially-expressed genes involved in the NF-?B signaling pathway of the NB4 cells treated with 15SV at 48h post-incubation. 
Differentially-expressed genes. A total of 9 genes manifested upregulation, including the I?B family genes, BCL3, I?B?, caspase 8 and IFN?; 47 manifested downregulation, including the IKK family genes, the nuclear factor-?B (NF-?B) family genes, pro-inflammatory factors such as IL-1, IL-6, IL-8 and TNF, cellular adhesion molecules ICAM/LFA and the toll-like receptor (TLR) pathway, which mediated immune response-associated genes such as the TLR family, MYD88 and IRAK1/2. 15SV, 15 ?M simvastatin. 
Cancer types First author/s, year (ref.). 
Studies on AEG-1/MTDH in a variety of cancer types. 
AEG-1/MTDH, astrocyte elevated gene-1/Metadherin; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; CRC, colorectal cancer; ESCC, esophageal squamous cell carcinoma; GCB, gallbladder carcinoma; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; PC, prostate cancer. 
Gene Forward Primer Reverse Primer Accession Number GenBank. 
Experimental groups  Variables Control (n?=?14) MI (n?=?28) MI+Laser (n?=?30) p value. 
BW, body weight; FAC, fractional area change; LV, left ventricle; H2O, pulmonary water content; LVDA, left ventricular diastolic area; LVSA, left ventricular systolic area; E, E wave; A, A wave; E/A ratio, relation between velocity of E and A waves. One-way ANOVA was applied in comparisons. Values are means ± SEM. *p<0.0001 vs . MI and MI+Laser; # p<0.0001 vs . MI; ?p?=?0.02 vs. MI and MI+Laser. 
Strain designation Relevant characteristics a /Genotype Source/Reference. 
CmR: Chloramphenicol resistance; KanR: Kanamycin resistance; NalR: Nalidixic acid resistance; StrepR: Streptomycin resistance; TetR: Tetracycline resistance ( tetRA ). 
American Type Culture Collection, Manassas, VA. 
Plasmid designation Relevant characteristicsa/Genotype Source/Reference. 
Target Sequence c Reference. 
restriction endonuclease cleavage sites are underlined. 
Cellular models Animal models. 
In Vitro and In Vivo Models for Analysis of Intrinsic Resistance to Anticancer Biological Agents. 
Genetic manipulation to model genotypes of acquired resistance In vitro/in vivo selection of resistant models. 
In Vitro and In Vivo Models for Analysis of Acquired Resistance to Anticancer Biological Agents. 
Chemical methods Physical methods Biological methods (transduction). 
Transfection Methods. 
Gene targeting technologies: adenoassociated virus (AAV)- mediated homologous recombination. 
Type (chromosome location) Tumors (estimated penetrance) Gene; most frequently mutated codons. 
Multiple endocrine neoplasia syndromes and their characteristic tumors and associated genetic abnormalities. 
Autosomal-dominant inheritance of the MEN syndromes has been established. del, deletion; ins, insertion; PPoma, pancreatic polypeptide–secreting tumor; VIPoma, vasoactive intestinal polypeptide–secreting tumor; MTC, Medullary Thyroid Cancer. Adapted from Thakker RV: Clinical Practice Guidelines for Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1 (MEN1). J Clin Endocrinol Metab 97: 2990–3011, ©2012. The Endocrine Society ( Thakker et al., 2012 ). 
Insufficient numbers reported to provide prevalence information. 
Mutation a DNA sequence change b Exon Codon Predicted effect c Frequency (%) d. 
MEN1 germline mutations occurring in over 1.5% of affected families. 
Mutation number as referred to in Fig. 3. 
Mutations are numbered in relation to the MEN1 cDNA reference sequence (GenBank accession number NM_130799.1), whereby nucleotide +1 corresponds to the A of the ATG-translation initiation codon. 
fs – frameshift mutation; ns – nonsense mutation; sp – splice site mutation; if – in-frame mutation. 
Frequencies based on 1133 reported MEN1 independent germline mutations. (From Lemos M and Thakker RV: Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1 (MEN1): Analysis of 1336 Mutations Reported in the First Decade Following Identification of the Gene. Hum Mutat 29: 22–32, 2008, with permission) ( Lemos and Thakker, 2008 ). 
Tumors Family  1 2 3 4 5. 
Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 – associated tumors in five unrelated families with a 4-bp deletion at codons 210 and 211. 
+, Presence; ?, Absence of tumors. 
Adapted from Thakker RV: Multiple endocrine neoplasia—syndromes of the twentieth century. J Clin Endocrinol Metab 83: 2617–2620, ©1998. The Endocrine Society ( Thakker, 1998 ). 
Polymorphism a DNA sequence change b Exon Codon change Allele frequency c. 
Polymorphisms of the MEN1 gene. 
n/a – Data not available. (From Lemos M and Thakker RV: Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1 (MEN1): Analysis of 1336 Mutations Reported in the First Decade Following Identification of the Gene. Hum Mutat 29: 22–32, 2008, with permission). ( Lemos and Thakker, 2008 ). 
Polymorphism letter as referred to in Fig. 3 . 
Polymorphisms are numbered in relation to the MEN1 cDNA reference sequence (GenBank accession number NM_130799.1), whereby nucleotide +1 corresponds to the A of the ATG-translation initiation codon. 
Frequency presented in first literature report. 
Tumor Age to begin (yr) Biochemical test (annually) Imaging test (every 3 years). 
Summary of biochemical and radiological screening guidelines in individuals at high risk of developing MEN1. 
CT, computer tomography; MRI, magnetic resonance imaging; EUS, endoscopic ultrasound. 
Reproduced from Thakker RV: Clinical Practice Guidelines for Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1 (MEN1). J Clin Endocrinol Metab 97: 2990–3011, ©2012. The Endocrine Society ( Thakker et al., 2012 ). 
Function a Interacting partner. 
Functions of menin indicated by direct interactions with proteins and other molecules. 
Functions reported include involvement in cell cycle withdrawal, decrease of cell motility, cell differentiation, apoptosis and DNA repair. (Adapted from Lemos M and Thakker RV: Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1 (MEN1): Analysis of 1336 Mutations Reported in the First Decade Following Identification of the Gene. Human Mutation 29: 22–32, 2008, with permission) ( Lemos and Thakker, 2008 ). 
Parameter N. fowleri N. gruberi. 
Comparison of the N. fowleri with the N. gruberi genome. 
Spot no Accession Protein description Species Mol. weight Theoretical pI Regulation. 
Proteins that were differentially expressed in highly and weakly pathogenic N. fowleri, as identified via 2D gel electrophoresis in combination with nano-LC MS/MS. 
The molecular weight and theoretical pI values of the identified proteins were calculated according to the Compute pI/Mw tool from the SIB Bioinformatics Resource Portal ( http://web.expasy.org/compute_pi/ ). The results of visual quantification of the protein concentrations found in highly pathogenic compared to weakly pathogenic trophozoites are indicated in the last column (Regulation). 
Study Origin Age (years) Sex Symptom Ultrasonography Management Type. 
Previous cases of adenomyomatosis of the gallbladder in children. 
Treatment Percentage cell viability. 
Effect of treatments on cell viability in differentiated SH-SY5Y cells. 
Values are expressed as mean ± SEM of three tests in triplicate. Statistical analysis was done by using one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey's multiple comparison test. ? P < 0.05 compared to control group. 
Treatment Percentage cell viability. 
Effect of treatments on cell viability in differentiated SH-SY5Y cells in the presence of glutamate (20?mM). 
Values are expressed as mean ± SEM of three tests in triplicate. Statistical analysis was done by using one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey's multiple comparison test. ? P < 0.05 compared to control group. ## P < 0.01 and ### P < 0.001 compared to glutamate alone. 
Treatment Apoptotic cells (% of total). 
Percentage of apoptotic cells in differentiated SH-SY5Y cells after treatment. 
Values are expressed as mean ± SEM of three tests in triplicate. Statistical analysis was done by using one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey's multiple comparison test. ?? P < 0.01 compared to control group. ## P < 0.01 compared to glutamate group. 
Treatment Apoptotic cells (% of total). 
Percentage of apoptotic cells in differentiated SH-SY5Y cells after treatment. 
Values are expressed as mean ± SEM of three tests in triplicate. Statistical analysis was done by using one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey's multiple comparison test. ?? P < 0.01 compared to control group. # P < 0.05 compared to glutamate group. 
Treatment Neurite length ( ? m). 
Effect of treatments on length of neurites. 
Values are expressed as mean ± SEM of three tests in triplicate. Statistical analysis was done by using one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey's multiple comparison test. ??? P < 0.001 compared to control group, # P < 0.05 compared to glutamate group, and ## P < 0.01 compared to glutamate group. 
Name Sequence (5’-3’). 
Oligonucleotide sequences. 
Log phase PDS phase Comparison Up Down Up Down. 
Genes exhibiting 1.5-fold differential expression at p<0.01 are included. 
All genes significantly affected (1.5-fold, p<0.01) by the rph1 ? knockout Up in log (60) Down in log (11) Up in PDS (83) Down in PDS (61) Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value. 
The groups of genes that were significantly affected in the rph1 ? knockout (row 2 in Table 1 ) were analyzed for their response to the rph1-H235A mutation. Expression of each group of genes was tested against the rest of the genome with a Wilcoxon rank sum test. The mean fold change is shown, with p-values<0.02 highlighted in bold, and with arrows denoting up- and downregulation. Top: all genes that were significantly affected by the rph1 ? knockout were included. Bottom: only those genes not significantly affected (on their own) by the rph1-H235A mutation were included. 
Down in set2 ? (a) Up in set2 ? (b) Log phase Fold p-value Fold p-value. 
The group of 290 genes significantly downregulated in set2 ? [18] . 
The group of 492 genes significantly upregulated in set2 ? [18] . 
Expression of these groups of genes was tested against the rest of the genome with a Wilcoxon rank sum test. The mean fold change is shown, with p-values<0.05 highlighted in bold, and with arrows denoting up- and downregulation. 
Rpd3(L) Rpd3(L) Rpd3(L) Rpd3(L)  Rpd3(S) Rpd3(S) Rpd3(S) Rpd3(S)    Down in eaf3 ? (27) Down in rco1 ? (106) Down in rpd3 ? (105) Down in sin3 ? (122) Down in dep1 ? (121) Down in pho23 ? (111) Log phase Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value. 
Shown are the groups of genes downregulated 2-fold or more in the indicated deletion strains [17] . The number of genes in these groups is noted in parenthesis. Expression of these groups of genes was tested against the rest of the genome with a Wilcoxon rank sum test. The mean fold change is shown, with p-values<0.05 highlighted in bold, and with arrows denoting up- and downregulation. 
Rpd3(L) Rpd3(L) Rpd3(L) Rpd3(L)  Rpd3(S) Rpd3(S) Rpd3(S) Rpd3(S)    Up in eaf3 ? (41) Up in rco1 ? (116) Up in rpd3 ? (110) Up in sin3 ? (130) Up in dep1 ? (141) Up in pho23 ? (99) Log phase Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value Fold p-value. 
Shown are the groups of genes upregulated 2-fold or more in the indicated deletion strains [17] . The number of genes in these groups is noted in parenthesis. Expression of these groups of genes was tested against the rest of the genome with a Wilcoxon rank sum test. The mean fold change is shown, with p-values<0.05 highlighted in bold, and with arrows denoting up- and downregulation. 
Promoter binding (a) ORF binding (b) Log phase Fold p-value Fold p-value. 
The group of 595 genes whose promoters are enriched for Rpd3 binding at 2.5-fold or more [48] . 
The group of 292 genes whose coding regions are enriched for Rpd3 binding at 1.5-fold or more [48] . 
Expression of these groups of genes was tested against the rest of the genome with a Wilcoxon rank sum test. The mean fold change is shown, with p-values<0.05 highlighted in bold, and with arrows denoting up- and downregulation. 
Subtelomeric genes (a) Log phase Fold p-value. 
The group of 221 genes located within 20 kb of a chromosomal end. Expression of this group of genes was tested against the rest of the genome with a Wilcoxon rank sum test. The mean fold change is shown, with p-values<0.05 highlighted in bold, and with arrows denoting up- and downregulation. 
Activated during sporulation (a) Repressed during sporulation (b) Log phase Fold p-value Fold p-value. 
The group of 341 genes that are upregulated 5-fold or more during sporulation [54] . 
The group of 297 genes that are downregulated 5-fold or more during sporulation [54] . 
Expression of these groups of genes was tested against the rest of the genome with a Wilcoxon rank sum test. The mean fold change is shown, with p-values<0.05 highlighted in bold, and with arrows denoting up- and downregulation. 
G?? interaction sites on different Kir3 subunits . 
IP, Immunoprecipitation; NMR, Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy . 
G? interaction sites on different Kir3 subunits . 
IP, Immunoprecipitation; NMR, Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy . 
Cell lines Organs IC50 (µM)   HLC-080 Sorafenib. 
Group Dose (mmol/kg) No. of animals(n) Body Weight (g) Tumor weight (g) IR (%)   Begin/End Begin End  . 
*** P<0.001, compared with control. 
Compound EC50 (µM)  HT-29. 
CRC Cells MTT Assay IC50 (nM) Clonogenic Assay IC50 (nM) P53 Mutations Oncogenes Expressed. 
Target expression TR BSSP4 VEGF. 
The number of HCC patients stratified by TR / BSSP4 / VEGF RNA expression levels. 
The expression levels (T/N) of TR, BSSP4 and VEGF were determined by QRT-PCR in HCC mRNA level (52 cases). 
  MST1RASSF5 MST1RASFF5 (SeMet) MST2. 
  MST1 MST1RASSF5 MST2. 
ASA, solvent-accessible surface area (2); A np, interface nonpolar area (2); G binding, free-energy changes for alanine mutation (kcalmol1); ND, not detected. 
Target gene Sequence. 
Primer sequences for qRT-PCR. 
Author; year Tumor cell line Control group Methods NTPDase5 expression mt-PCPH expression. 
NTPDase5 profile expression in tumor cell lines. 
Legend: U87vII: U87 glioblastoma cells transduced to express the epidermal growth factor receptor vIII; WB: Western blot. 
Author; year Tissue study Methods Sampling size Control group NTPDase5 expression mt-PCPH expression. 
NTPDase5/mt-PCPH profile expression in clinical samples. 
Legend: HPB: hyperplasia prostate benign; PIN: prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia; IHC: immunohistochemistry; WB: Western blot. 
Molecule Distribution (tissue/cell) Functions Reference. 
ATF family members and their functions in immune responses. 
MCP-1: monocyte chemotactic protein-1, HMGB1: high mobility group box-1 protein, CCL4: macrophage inflammatory protein-1 beta, SFA: saturated fact acid, TLR4: toll-like receptor 4, CF: Cystic fibrosis, UPR: unfolded protein response, GR: glucocorticoid receptor. 
Natural products which inhibit ATF-2 signaling pathway. 
Plant Action target on ATF-2 Reference. 
Traditional herbs which inhibit the ATF-2 signaling pathway. 
MicroRNAs Related to Adipogenesis. 
MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; MSC, mesenchymal stem cell; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; T2D, type 2 diabetes; PTN, pleiotrophin; ORP, oxysterol-binding protein-related protein; PDK, phosphoinositide-dependent kinase; cAMP, cyclic adenosine monophosphate; PKA, protein kinase A; CREB, cAMP response element-binding; WNT, wingless and INT-1; TCF, T-cell-specific transcription factor; TGF-?, transforming growth factor ?; TGFBR2, TGF-? receptor 2; hASC, human adipose tissue-derived stem cell; HMGA2, high mobility group AT-hook2; PPAR, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor; hMADS, human multipotent adipose-derived stem; C/EBP, CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein; EID, EP300 interacting inhibitor of differentiation 1; KLF, Kruppel-like factor; Runx2, runt-related transcription factor 2; BMSC, bone marrow stromal cell; Smad1, Sma and Mad related protein 1; DLK1, delta-like homologue 1; O/E, overexpression. 
Year Oncomine Name # of Carcinomas Prostate Cancer vs. Normal Prostate. 
NS = Not Significant. 
Year Oncomine Name Specimen Gleason Score YY1 Expression. 
Parameters/Rat groups LCT LCGP OCT OCGP. 
ND: Not Determined. 
compared to LCT. 
compared to OCT (LCT-lean control, LCGP-lean CGP42112A-treated, OCT-obese control, OCGP-obese CGP42112A-treated), ns-not significant-compared to OCT. 
Library name Library type Number of matings/transformants. 
Libraries screened in the yeast two-hybrid. 
The genomic libraries were a generous gift from David Stillman, Unversity of Utah, and James et al . (2006 ), and cDNA libraries were prepared for this study using Clontech's Make Your Own “Mate & Plate” Library System. The mRNA from yeast grown to either stationary phase or exponential phase was isolated (RNeasy Mini Kit; Qiagen). Y2H Gold cells (Clontech) containing pJG598 were mated with yeast containing cDNA libraries (JGY1074 or JGY1098) or transformed with genomic libraries (pJG427, pJG428, and pJG429). Cells were plated on SD-Leu-Trp-His-Ade or SGal-Leu-Trp-His-Ade to select for yeast two-hybrid protein–protein interactions. 
Gene Human homologue Gene name description Localization Number of hits Prey library used Carbon source Construct (total number of amino acids [aa]) Growth strength Glucose metabolism. 
Psk1 binding partners identified by the yeast two-hybrid. 
Y2H Gold cells (Clontech) containing pJG598 (?N692Psk1 fused to the GAL4 BD) were mated with cDNA libraries produced with Clonetech's Make Your Own “Mate & Plate” Library System (JGY1074 or JGY1098) or transformed with genomic libraries (pJG427, pJG428, and pJG429; James et al ., 1996 ). Cells were plated on SD-Leu-Trp-His-Ade or SGal-Leu-Trp-His-Ade to select for yeast two-hybrid protein–protein interactions. Plasmids were purified from colonies that arose, sequenced, and verified as true positives by transforming back into naive Y2H Gold cells containing the bait (pJG598) or empty bait plasmid (pJG425) and then restreaking on yeast two-hybrid selective media. Columns indicate the gene symbol, human homologue (where applicable, and database retrieved from 1MIT Isobase, 2NCBI HomoloGene, 3NCBI Blast), gene name description, cellular localization (from the Saccharomyces Genome Database and FunSpec), number of times the protein was retrieved from the screen, the prey library used in the screen (Genomic [Gen] or cDNA library), the carbon source used (either galactose [G] or dextrose [D]), the amino acids present in the prey construct, with the total known amino acids for the protein given in parentheses, and the strength of growth, which is an indication of the interaction strength (S, strong; M, medium; W, weak). For localization, C corresponds to cytoplasm, M to mitochondrion, N to nucleus, ER to endoplasmic reticulum, and V to vacuole. 
Gene Human homologue Name description Localization In Psk1 only Psk1/EV ratio In ?N692 only ?N692/EV ratio. 
Psk1 binding partners identified by copurification, followed by quantitative mass spectrometry. 
HIS-tagged full-length (pJG858) or ?N692Psk1 (pJG960), as well as full-length FLAG (pJG1217) and Myc-tagged Psk1 (pJG1181), were purified in triplicate and associated proteins analyzed by quantitative mass spectrometry. Most of the reported proteins were only present in the Psk1 samples, not the empty vector control, and were identified in at least two of three independent replicates. For abundant proteins found in both samples, the cutoff was set at ?3.4 times the protein score in the Psk1 sample. Columns indicate the gene symbol, human homologue (database retrieved from 1MIT Isobase, 2NCBI HomoloGene, or 3NCBI Blast), gene name description, cellular localization (from the Saccharomyces Genome Database and FunSpec), number of times the protein was retrieved from the full-length Psk1 sample but not the control, ratio of protein in the full-length HIS-, Myc-, or FLAG-tagged Psk1 compared with control, number of times retrieved from the HIS-tagged ?N692Psk1 sample but not the control, and the ratio of protein in the ?N692Psk1 sample compared with control. Proteins retrieved from each purification are either unmarked (HIS), or marked with # (Myc) or † (FLAG). EV, empty vector. For localization: C, cytoplasm; M, mitochondrion; N, nucleus; ER, endoplasmic reticulum; PM, plasma membrane; W, cell wall; V, vacuole; B, Bud. Several ribosomal proteins were also identified in both full-length and ?N692Psk1 and not in the EV; however, they are excluded from the list due to their high abundance in the cell, which makes them likely false positives (RPL10, RPL15A, RPL15B, RPL1A, RPL1B, RPL29, RPL7A, RPL7B, RPP0, RPS17A, RPS17B, RPS18A, RPS18B, RPS19A, RPS19B, RPS24A, RPS3, and RPS7A). 
Yeast gene Human homologue Associated disease. 
Diseases associated with PAS kinase binding partners reveal a trend toward cardiac/lipid-related disease. 
Each of the human homologues identified for the yeast Psk1 interactome was screened for association with human diseases using the Human Protein Reference Database. The columns indicate the original yeast gene retrieved in the Psk1 interactome study, the gene name of its human homologue, and the name of the associated disease. All associations retrieved are shown. 
Strains, plasmids, and primers. 
Drug Target Pathway. 
MAPK/AKT inhibitors and their targets. 
Type Source. 
Gene Product Length (bp) Sequence Probe No. *. 
* Roche Universal ProbeLibrary (UPL) Probe Number . 
The annealing temperature of all primer sets is 60°C. 
Drug Company Target Indication. 
Anti-tumor drugs targeted against cellular tyrosine kinase receptors. 
RECEPTOR Locus Protein size Kinase activity Ligands. 
ErbB family members and their ligands. 
Ligands Dimers. 
PDGFR family members and their ligands. Different PDGF combinations. 
RECEPTOR Locus Structure Kinase activity Ligands. 
Insulin receptor family members and its ligands. 
Substrate Ref. 
Known SOCS3-dependently ubiquitylated and degraded proteins. 
Drug Receptor 1 Receptor 2 Ligand Effect Ref. 
Inhibition effects of trastuzumab and pertuzumab on homo- and heterodimerisation of HER3 and HER2 receptors in the presence/absence of HER3 ligands. 
Protein Name Method: Non-Enzymatic Method: Enzymatic Native Isopeptide Bond 1 Destabilizing Conditions Stable to Reducing Agents X-ray or NMR. 
List of the mono-ubiquitinated proteins produced in different studies for biochemical or structural investigation. In the columns, from left to right: name of the protein; reference to the bibliography with classification as non-enzymatic or enzymatic approach; type of connection between Ub and the linked protein; buffer conditions that could be critical for the extension of the method to unstable proteins; stability to treatment with reducing agents; availability of structural information obtained from the mono-ubiquitinated sample, either using X-ray crystallography or NMR. When explicitly indicated by the Protein Data Base (PDB) code, the structural coordinates are available. 
1 The number in parenthesis refers to the numbering of the chemical formula shown in Figure 2 . 
Regulation of expression a Cell specific expression b Gene Function. 
Genes expressed in response to interferon tau, progesterone, and prostaglandins in ovine uteri. 
Regulation of expression. P4, induced by progesterone (P4); and P4/IFNT, induced by progesterone (P4) and further stimulated by interferon tau (IFNT); P4/IFNT/PG, induced by progesterone (P4) and further stimulated by interferon tau (IFNT) and prostagland (PG). 
Genes expressed by uterine luminal (LE), superficial glandular (sGE) and glandular (GE) epithelia, as well as stromal cells (SC). 
Putative gene symbols Forward primer sequence (5?-3?) Reverse primer sequence (5?-3?) Amplicon size (bp). 
Primers used for the quantitative real-time PCR analysis. 
NCBI BLAST gene name Accession number 1 Species E-value 2. 
Identities of differentially expressed cDNA clones from the SSH forward library. 
Accession numbers are from the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) nonredundant nucleotide database. 
Expected (E) value is a parameter when searching a sequence of particular size in a database ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/BLAST/tutorial/Altschul-1.html ). It is used to test the hypothesis of a random match to the bases in the database, the closer the E-value to zero, the lower the possibility of mistake in a gene identity. 
NCBI BLAST gene name Accession number 1 Species E-value 2. 
Identities of differentially expressed cDNA clones from the SSH reverse library. 
Accession numbers are from the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) nonredundant nucleotide database. 
Expected (E) value is a parameter when searching a sequence of particular size in a database ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/BLAST/utorial/Altschul-1.html ). It is used to test the hypothesis of a random match to the bases in the database, the closer the E-value to zero, the lower the possibility of mistake in a gene identity. 
Amino acid Contnet µg/mg. 
All the result were tested by a HITACHI automatic amino acid analyzer. 
Residue No. Methylated sugars Type of linkage Molar ratio. 
The result were tested on DB-5 GC-MS column. 
All the sugar residues were primarily identified by their MS spectrum and further confirmed by their relative retention time to 2,3,4,6-Me4-Glc. 
Glycosyl residue H-1/C-1 H-2/C-2 H-3/C-3 H-4/C-4 H-5/C-5 H-6a,H-6b/C-6. 
Measured in 500/125 MHz, ? in ppm. 
Values of 13C chemical shift were record with reference to TMS as internal standard. 
Gene Forward Reverse. 
Primer pair sequences used for the real-time PCR analysis of gene expression. 
PCR, polymerase chain reaction; PCNA, proliferating cell nuclear antigen; ?-SMA, ?-smooth muscle actin; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor. 
Agent or drug (dosage) CSCs enriched Alone Combination with other drugs Mechanism of action Reference. 
Preclinical studies of metformin targeting metabolism of ovarian cancer cells and/or ovarian CSCs. 
CSC, cancer stem cell; ROS, reactive oxygen species; AMPK, adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; ALDH, aldehyde dehydrogenase; PEITC, phenethyl isothiocyanate; TIC, tumor initiating cell. Modified and adapted with permission from reference [ 15 ]. 
Protein n Spearman r P. 
Correlation of tumor suppressor gene encoded proteins with LINE-1 methylation (pre- and post-decitabine). 
FHIT, fragile histidine triad; FUS1, fused in sarcoma-1; LINE-1, long interspersed nuclear element-1; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; WWOX, WW domain-containing oxidoreductase. 
Protein n Score pre-decitabine Score post-decitabine P Number with increase in score Number with no change in score Number with decrease in score. 
Median tumor suppressor gene encoded protein scores post- versus pre-decitabine for patients with pre-decitabine scores (?150), and number of patients with an increase, no change or decrease in scores with decitabine. 
FHIT, fragile histidine triad; FUS1, fused in sarcoma-1; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; WWOX, WW domain-containing oxidoreductase. 
Protein n Spearman r P. 
Change in tumor suppressor gene encoded protein score versus percentage change in LINE-1 methylation with decitabine. 
FHIT, fragile histidine triad; FUS1, fused in sarcoma-1; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; WWOX, WW domain-containing oxidoreductase. 
Protein Source Dilution. 
Antibodies used for immunohistochemistry. 
FHIT, fragile histidine triad; FUS1, fused in sarcoma-1; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; WWOX, WW domain-containing oxidoreductase. 
Marker Original function Tissue Reference. 
Frequently used protein markers for epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). 
1Membraneous depletion, but cytoplasmic accumulation/nuclear translocation. 
NET, neuroendocrine tumor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; TTF-1, thyroid transcription factor-1; ZEB1, Zinc finger E-box-binding homeobox 1. 
Organ/entity Target Approach Mechanism Effect Ref. 
Therapeutic approaches targeting EMT in benign and malignant processes. 
STAT3, Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; TGF-?, transforming growth factor ?; ALK3, activin-like kinase 3; BMP-7, bone morphogenetic protein 7, FGFR4, fibroblast growth factor receptor 4; Src, sarcoma kinase; MEK, mitogen-associated protein kinase kinase; ERK, extracellular signal-related kinase; siRNA, small interfering RNA; ILK, integrin-linked kinase; AKT, protein kinase B; HAT, histone acetyltransferase; HDAC, histone deacetylase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; RTK, receptor tyrosine kinase; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; LYN, Lck/Yes-related novel protein tyrosine kinase; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; uPA, urokinase plasminogen activator; ZEB1, Zinc finger E-box-binding homeobox 1; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase. 
Histological type Translocation EWS-rearrangements. 
Fusion partners of EWSR1 -rearrangements in different soft tissue tumors. Overlapping rearrangements in different histopathological entities are in bold. Adapted from [ 44 , 45 ]. 
Clinically favorable CUP Clinically unfavorable CUP. 
Classification of cancers of unknown primary origin. 
    Breast cancer cohort     GSE6532 (Loi) NKI TCGA Variable Ref for HR?=?1 Hazard ratio CI P value Hazard ratio CI P value Hazard ratio CI P value. 
Prognostic power of the TSTSS in three independent ER+?breast cancer datasets. 
Multivariate analysis was performed using the Cox proportional hazards model. Nineteen out of the 26 genes of the TSTSS were found in the GSE6532 (Loi) and NKI cohorts, and 24 out of 26 genes were found in the TCGA cohort. The TSTSS was analyzed as a binary variable where high indicates higher than median expression. The hazard ratio refers to distant metastasis-free survival for GSE6532 and NKI, and overall survival for TCGA. The metaPCNA index is a surrogate for proliferation and low indicates lower than median expression. Parameters for the TSTSS are highlighted in bold. *Low is ?61 yrs (GSE6532); ?45 yrs (NKI); ?60 yrs (TCGA). HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; TSTSS, TGF-?/Smad3 tumor suppressor signature; na, not available. 
Time Components Regression equation Correlation coefficient, r p - value x y. 
Relationships between epinephrine concentration and selected genes at rest (Ts), at maximal exercise intensity (Te), and during 15 min of recovery (Tr). 
Patients at increased risk of HCC Without cirrhosis Cirrhosis. 
At-risk group for HCC. 
? Model of action Target Phases Trials ( n .) State of trials. 
Targeting signaling in the treatment of HCC and phases of trials. 
HGF = hepatocyte growth factor; FGF = fibroblast growth factor; MAB = monoclonal antibody; PDGF = platelet-derived growth factor; PDGF(R) = platelet-derived growth factor receptor; VEGF = vascular endothelial growth factor; and VEGF(R) = vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Characteristic With DTC (n?=?12) Without DTC (n?=?101) p. 
Acromegaly DTC n, sex, age Diagnosis (yrs) FU (months) Pituitary adenoma N Sur RT Diagnosis (yrs) FU (months) IGF-1 µg/L (ULN) TNM BRAF V600E AHR score Status. 
Legend: FU: follow-up, N Sur: neurosurgery; RT: radiotherapy, DTC: differentiated thyroid carcinoma, PTC: papillary thyroid carcinoma, FTC: follicular thyroid carcinoma;. 
*: DTC diagnosed during episode of hypopituitarism; ULN: upper limit of normality for sex and age; ADF: alive, disease-free. T1a: nodes with largest diameter ?10 mm; (m) multifocal; mut: BRAF V600E mutation; wt: wild-type; n.a.: not applicable. 
Reference Patients n M/F (%) Prevalence of goiter (%) Prevalence of DTC (%) (n PTC/n FTC) M/F with DTC DTC follow-up (months). 
Legend: PTC: papillary thyroid carcinoma, FTC: follicular thyroid carcinoma; M: Male; F: Female. 
Immunoreactivity Control Ethanol t -Test. 
Effects of Chronic Prenatal Ethanol Exposure on Notch and Wnt Pathway Protein Expression in Cerebellum. 
Immunoreactivity was measured in P30 cerebellar tissue by duplex ELISA with results normalized to large ribosomal protein measured in the same wells. Results correspond to mean net fluorescence light units (± S.E.M.) in 50 ng protein. Data were generated from 12 rats per group, with each sample contributed from a different litter. Inter-group comparisons were made with Student T-tests. 
Gene Forward Reverse. 
Primer pairs for SYBR Green analysis. 
Gene Assay ID Gene ID. 
Primers and probes for Taqman analysis. 
Gene symbol Fold change p value Function Activity Role in cancer. 
List of age-dependent differentially expressed genes. 
T transport, K kinase, G growth, D death. 
Gene Other cancer Drug target Outcome prediction To be defined. 
Proposed applicable uses of differentially expressed genes. 
Polar contact information from docking calculations between ligands and protein. 
EGCG, epigallocatechin gallate. 
Allele frequencies, %   Number of patients (%) rs3091244 rs7553007 rs1205 rs3093077. 
Number of Patients (%) Number of patients with CRP -286 mutation (%) p * Number of patients with p53 mutation (%) p *. 
*Fisher’s exact test, two-tailed. 
Number of Patients (%) Number of patients with CRP -286 mutation (%) p * Number of patients with K-ras mutation (%) p *. 
*Fisher’s exact test, two-tailed. 
Number ofPatients (%) Number of patientswith CRP -286mutation (%) p * Number of patientswith p53 mutation(%) p *. 
*Fisher’s exact test, two-tailed. 
Numberof Patients (%) Number of patientswith CRP -286 mutation (%) p * Number ofpatients with PC mutation(%) p *. 
*Fisher’s exact test, two-tailed. 
Number ofPatients (%) Number of patientswith CRP -286mutation (%) p * Number ofpatients with APC mutation(%) p *. 
*Fisher’s exact test, two-tailed. 
Commonly used EMT markers in cancer. TGF-?: transforming growth factor ?; ?SMA: alfa smooth muscle actin; MMP: matrix metalloproteinase; NF-?B: nuclear factor kappa B; Sox10: SRY (sex determining region Y) box 10; SMAD: contraction of Sma and Mad (Mothers against decapentaplegic); PI3K: phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; AKT: protein kinase B. 
Target IC50 (nM)  B-Raf B-RafV600E C-Raf Mek1 Mek2. 
FDA-approved Raf and Mek inhibitors. 
Vemurafenib, dabrafenib and trametinib have been approved by the FDA as single agent therapy for the treatment of unresectable metastatic melanomas harboring the B-RafV600E mutation; dabrafenib and trametinib have also been approved by the FDA as combination therapy for the same disease. n.a., not applicable. 
Deregulated MiRNA Direction of Expression in Brain Metastases Primary Tumor Putative Target. 
MiRNAs deregulated in brain metastases compared to the primary tumor. Deregulated miRNAs identified in metastatic brain tumor cells compared to their matched primary tumors. NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; VEGF, Vascular endothelial growth factor; PTB1b, protein tyrosine phosphatase-1B; HIF-1?: Hypoxia-inducible factor 1-?. 
Causes of Fibrosis Specific Therapies for Underlying Etiology. 
Causes of fibrosis and specific therapies for underlying etiology. 
Viral Factors Hepatitis B Hepatitis C. 
Vial factors associated with viral hepatitis related fibrosis and cirrhosis. 
Outcomes Hepatitis B Hepatitis C. 
Beneficial results of successful antiviral therapy in viral hepatitis. 
Parameters Effect Maternal obesity Offspring age (years) Reference. 
Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring of pregnancies with maternal obesity. 
ePPW, excessive prepregnancy weight; eGWG, excessive gestational weight gain; BMI, body mass index; IL-6, interleukin 6; CRP; c-reactive protein; HDL: high-density lipoprotein; ApoA1: apolipoprotein A-I; HOMA-IR: homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance. 
Class Cell lines or biological samples (location) Assessment/modification Identified gene targets Dose (range) References. 
Epigenetic alterations induced by inorganic arsenic (iAs) or iAs metabolites . 
?, increased; ?, decreased;. 
, functionally validated at the expression level; –, not functionally validated at the expression level; Global refers to global methylation patterns; Genome-wide refers to high throughput gene-specific assays; DMGs, differentially methylated genes. 
Epigenetic modification Cell lines or biological samples (location) Assessment/modification Identified gene targets Dose (range) References. 
Epigenetic alterations induced by mercury . 
?, increased; ?, decreased; *, functionally validated at the expression level; –, not functionally validated at the expression level; Global refers to global methylation patterns; Genome-wide refers to high throughput gene-specific assays; DMGs, differentially methylated genes. 
Class Cell lines or biological samples (location) Assessment/modification Identified gene targets Dose (range) References. 
Epigenetic alterations induced by lead . 
?, increased; ?, decreased;. 
, functionally validated at the expression level; –, not functionally validated at the expression level; Global refers to global methylation patterns; Genome-wide refers to high throughput gene-specific assays; DMGs, differentially methylated genes. 
Epigenetic modification Cell lines or biological samples (location) Assessment/modification Identified gene targets Dose (range) References. 
Epigenetic alterations induced by cadmium . 
?, increased; ?, decreased;. 
, functionally validated at the expression level; –, not functionally validated at the expression level; Global refers to global methylation patterns; Genome-wide refers to high throughput gene-specific assays; DMGs, differentially methylated genes. 
Class Cell lines or biological samples (location) Assessment/modification Identified gene targets Dose (range) References. 
Epigenetic alterations induced by chromium . 
?, increased; ?, decreased;. 
, functionally validated at the expression level; –, not functionally validated at the expression level; Global refers to global methylation patterns; Genome-wide refers to high throughput gene-specific assays; DMGs, differentially methylated genes. 
. 
Molecular function and interacting proteins of Miro GTPase from various eukaryotes. 
Primer sequences (5?-3?) Annealing temperatures (°C) Product sizes (bp) PCR cycles. 
Summary of primers used for MSP, bisulfite sequencing, and RT-PCR. 
Fragment Size (bp) CpG dinucleotide CpG islanda Unique/repetitive Chromosome map. 
Summary of the two major differentially methylated DNA fragments identified by MS/AP-PCR. 
aThe presence of CpG island was determined based on the following criteria: minimum length, 200?bp; CG content, >50%; Obs/Exp, >0.6. 
bThat is different from sequence-1 by the insertion of 6?bp. 
? MSP only MSP and RT-PCR RT-PCR only Total. 
Series of clinical specimens analyzed by MSP and/or RT-PCR. 
? ? Methylation status P value M ( n = 3a) M/U ( n = 24b) U ( n = 14c). 
Relationship between TTC40 methylation status and its expression. 
M: full methylation, M/U: partial methylation, and U: unmethylation. 
a: 3 NPC xenografts, b: 23 tumor biopsies + 1 nontumor, c: 9 tumor biopsies + 5 nontumors; d: 18 tumor biopsies + 5 nontumors; e: 3 NPC xenografts + 14 tumor biopsies + 1 nontumor. P value based on Fisher's test. 
Protein Enzyme Class Function Mechanism PDB Structure. 
Representative human proteins containing catalytic Zn2+-cysteine complexes. 
Protein Enzyme Class Function Mechanism PDB Structure. 
Representative human proteins containing regulatory Zn2+-cysteine complexes. 
Cancer cell lines Cancer tissues ANO1 OE 11q13 amplification ANOl OE-induced Reference  Proliferation Migration. 
ANO1 expression in various cancer cell lines. 
Blank areas in columns except cancer tissues indicate unknown. OE, overexpression; ESCC, esophageal squamous cell cancer; GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor; HNSCC, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. 
  POD4 POD6 POD12. 
Summary of genes with >2-fold differential expression in K.p. - or P.a. -infected wounds vs. uninfected wounds. 
*Based on???2 fold change of probe intensity with an adjusted p -value???0.05. 
^Overlapping I/U-DEGs are included. 
Name p -value Ratio. 
Top five canonical pathway enrichments of 25 molecules from the network on POD6 unique to P.a. -infected wounds. 
Upstream regulator Log ratio Activation z-score p-value of overlap Target molecules in dataset. 
Topmost five upstream regulators predicted for the 55 Upr I/U-DEGs unique to P.a. -infected wounds on POD6 in the categories Cytokine, G-protein-coupled receptor, Growth factor, Ligand-dependent nuclear receptor, and Transmembrane receptor. 
Name Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Primers sequences used in qPCR. 
miR Cancer type Targets. 
miRNAs explored as potential cancer therapeutic agents. 
miR Cancer type (effect of expression on treatment) Treatments investigated. 
miRNAs in combination with traditional cancer therapies. 
Translocations Gene deregulated Frequency. 
Recurrent translocations involved in multiple myeloma. 
Gene Frequency (%). 
Genes affected by recurrent mutations in multiple myeloma. 
Pathway Mutated genes. 
Pathways commonly affected by mutations. 
GEP signature Methods. 
GEP-based prognostic signatures. 
Affected gene Type of mutation Normal function Postulated role in disease evolution Study. 
Driver mutations that may be responsible for clonal evolution in MM. 
VEGF = Vascular endothelial growth factor, PCL = Plasma cell leukaemia, and HR SMM = High risk smouldering multiple myeloma. 
Study MPC subpopulation and phenotype. 
Subtypes of MPC and their phenotypes described in the key publications. 
LCR = Light chain restricted. 
Study Gene Differential expression Function. 
Summary of differential gene expression between CD 138? and CD 138+ subsets. The list of genes is not exhaustive but includes selected genes of importance described in the studies. 
Drug/molecule Mechanism of action Phase/used in combination with other agents. 
Summary of agents in development which may be selectively toxic to MPC. 
SCT = Stem cell transplant. 
GC effects GILZ effects. 
Comparison of GILZ and GC in vitro effects on specific cell lineages . 
The effects of GCs and GILZ on each cell lineage and related mechanisms are shown. Underlined text indicates the GILZ and GC effects are divergent. Abbreviation: AP, adipocytes; OB, osteoblasts; MSC, mesenchymal stem cells. 
Diseases GC effects GILZ effects Techniques. 
Comparison of GILZ and GC in vivo effects on animal models of diseases . 
The effects of GCs and GILZ on each disease model and related mechanisms are shown. Underlined text indicates the GILZ and GC effects are divergent. The technique by which GILZ function was examined is also listed. MPO, myeloperoxidase; SCI, spinal cord injury; EAE, experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis; CIA, collagen-induced arthritis; AIA, antigen-induced arthritis; SPRET/Ei, a wild-derived inbred murine strain; SSC, spermatogonia stem cells; DTH, delayed-type hypersensitivity. 
Gene name b Change type AA impact c Unique identifier d SNP id e SIFT score f Polyphen g Accession # h Cell lines in which variants occur. 
Variants called as homozygous by Annovar ( http://www.openbioinformatics.org/annovar/ ). Variants absent in both the 1000 Genomes catalog of human genetic variation ( http://www.1000genomes.org/ ) and the ESP5400 ( http://evs.gs.washington.edu/EVS/ ). 
Official gene names as defined by the HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee ( http://www.genenames.org/ ). 
Amino acid impact. 116_117del indicates a deletion affecting amino acids 116 and 117. G13981fs indicates a change from an amino acid to a frameshift. R80X indicates a change from an amino acid to a stop. K7RD indicates a change in amino acids. 
Denotes the chromosome number, start location, and the nucleotide change. _* indicates that there has been either an addition (+) or a deletion (?) of nucleotides. 
Single nucleotide polymorphisms identifiers as defined at dbSNP ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/SNP/ ). 
Percent presense of the variant in the 1000 Genomes catalog of human genetic variation ( http://www.1000genomes.org/ ). 
S orting I ntolerant F rom T olerent ( http://sift.bii.a-star.edu.sg/index.html ). 
Prediction of functional effects of human nsSNPs, or PolyPhen-2 ( http://genetics.bwh.harvard.edu/pph2/ ). 
Reference sequence accession number from the National Center for Biotechnology Information, NCBI ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ ). 
Variant identification and effect   Gene name b Functional category c AA impact d Unique identifier d dbSNP ID e NCI-60/ESP5400 frequency f. 
Genes selected from the boxed fractions from Figure 3A . Cancer-driver genes are as described previosly [58] . 
Official gene names as defined by the HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee ( http://www.genenames.org/ ). 
DDR is DNA damage response, and SLC is solute carrier. 
Amino acid impact. Example, R116Q indicates a change from R (Arg, arginine) to Q (Gln, glutamine). 
Denotes the chromosome number, start location, and the nucleotide change. _* indicates that either an addition (+) or a deletion (?) of nucleotides. 
Single nucleotide polymorphisms identifiers as defined at dbSNP ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/SNP/ ). 
Frequency calculated as described in Materials and Methods. 
Drug  Cells with variant(s) Cells without variant(s)     Mechanism Developmental  Have drug No drug Have drug No drug  Gene name NSC ID b Name of action c status Response response response response response MCC d. 
Input compounds ( Figure 4A and Table S3 ) and amino acid changing variants compared by Matthew's correlation coefficient. 
National Service Center identifier. 
Drug mechanism of action abbreviations: A7 is alkylating at N-7 position of guanine; Apo is apoptotic, Db is DNA binder; DNMT is DNA methylttransferase inhibitor; Ds is DNA synthesis inhibitor; PKC is protein kinase C inhibitor; STK is serine threonine kinase; T1 is topoisomerase 1 inhibitor; T2 is topoisomerase 2 inhibitor; and YK is tyrosine kinase inhibitor. 
Matthew's correlation coefficient. 
Rank Region a Start (nt) End (nt) Average coverage. 
nt coordinates are in accordance with accession number NC_009333. 
Cell type # of Peaks called Peaks in promoter Peaks with similar LBSs   Peaks Transcripts Gene Symbols Peaks. 
Supplemental Figure S5 gives a flow chart representation of LANA ChIP peak analysis. 
BCBL-1 cells TIVE-LTC cells  Gene name Average Coverage a Similar LBS Gene name Average Coverage Similar LBS. 
Similar LBS indicates motifs that align with LBS1/2 allowing up to 4 mismatches. 
Transcription Factor LANA peak # a TF peak # Transcripts Affected Gene Symbol Affected    number % of total number % of total. 
ENCODE GM12878 ChIP-Seq data were mapped to the hg19 promoter regions, and compared to LANA occupancy observed by ChIPseq in BCBL-1 cells. 
Molecular pathways targeted in cervical cancer. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HDAC, histone deacetylase; Her2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; HSP, heat shock protein; mTOR, mammalian target or rapamycin; PARP, poly-ADP ribose polymerase; Wee1, nuclear kinase belonging to serine/threonine family of protein kinases. 
*Clinical trial reference number for HSP inhibitor in cervical cancer. 
EGFR inhibition in the treatment of cervical cancer. 
AE, adverse events; CR, complete response; ECOG, European College of Obstetrics and Gynecology; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; GI, gastrointestinal; GOG, Gynecologic Oncology Group; Gr, grade; NR, not reported; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression free survival; PO, per oral; PR, partial response; PS, performance status; RR, response rate. 
*Intent to treat analysis in the 19 subjects enrolled on study. 
Study Patients Treatment Stratification Participating regions Primary endpoint. 
Trial design MetGastric RILOMET-1. 
Inhibition Inhibition   Inhibitor Name GSK-3? GSK-3? Structure Ref/Clinical Trials. 
Clinical Trials. 
Phase I/II: LY2090314 works in combination with different chemotherapies in treating participants with metastatic pancreatic cancer ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01632306 Recruiting. 
Phase I: LY2090314 in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin in patients with advanced/metastatic cancer ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01287520 Completed. 
Phase 2 study of intravenous LY2090314 in participants with acute leukemia ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01214603 Completed. 
Patient number Sex Ethnicity Age at diagnosis (years) Subtype Number of prior systemic therapies Metastatic spread Mutations (expected consequence) Copy number variations Rearrangements Experimental therapy (target) Therapy matching target RECIST (%) Time to progression (months). 
Abbreviations: mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; HDAC, histone deacetylase; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Detection of SIAH2 negative positive p-value. 
64 tumor samples were positive for SIAH2, while 28 other cases exhibited no expression. A difference between squamous cell carcinomas (SCC) and adenocarcinomas (ADC) reached statistical significance, with SCC being more frequently positive for SIAH2 (P=0.001). 
RefSeq Gene Symbol Known or Proposed Function. 
Urine samples VGF gene QMSP positive VGF gene QMSP negative P value . 
UCC: Urothelial Cell Carcinoma. 
Cancer Overall Survival SCNA Methy mRNA miRNA Protein Core set. 
Overview of TCGA samples and high-throughput characterization platform information by cancer type. 
For each cancer type, the first row shows the platforms and the second row shows the sample counts. SNP_6: Affymetrix Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 6.0; 27k: Illumina Infinium Human DNA Methylation 27K, 450k: Illumina Infinium Human DNA Methylation 450K; AgilentG4502A: Agilent 244K Custom Gene Expression G4502A; HiseqV2: Illumina HiSeq 2000 RNA Sequencing V2; H-miRNA_8x15K: Agilent 8×15K Human miRNA-specific microarray platform; GA+Hiseq: Illumina Genome Analyzer/HiSeq 2000 miRNA sequencing platform; RPPA: MD Anderson Reverse Phase Protein Array. 
The data type was not included in that cancer type. 
Kinase Binding (% of Control) Full name Group. 
List of kinases that demonstrated 40% or more of competitive inhibition in the KinomeScan assay. For details go to http://www.discoverx.com/technologies-platforms/competitive-binding-technology/kinomescan-technology-platform . 
INHIBITOR Target/Pathway Conc (µM) in vivo VEGF IL-1? IL-6 IL-8 CHOP GRP78 Cell death. 
This table summarizes all of the measured interactions mentioned in this study. 
Definitions: N/A, not applicable, ? no statistically significant effect, ? down regulation, ? up regulation, ND, not determined. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of the 95 patients with LG-URCa and a summary of p-p70S6K and p-4E-BP1 expression (mean H-score), categorized by clinicopathological parameters. 
Results of univariate and multivariate analyses of clinicopathological variables and the expression levels of p-p70S6K and p-4E-BP1 in relation to recurrence-free survival in 95 patients with LG-URCa. 
Cancer Vaccine Immune Potentiating Platform Priming & Boosting or Others Strategies for Immune Potentiating Evidences of Immunogenicity Level of Evidence Reference. 
Examples of NSCLC Vaccines Formulations with the Therapeutic Maneuvers Explored for Immune Potentiating. 
Vaccine Level of Evidence Therapeutic Context Effect on PFS Effect on SV Ongoing Phase III Trial Reference. 
Cancer Vaccines Currently in Advanced Proof of Efficacy Phase III Clinical Trials in NSCLC. 
NSC27366 (Reference) ZINC69391 (Parental) 1A-116 (Analog). 
IC50 values of the different compounds on F3II cells. 
Genomic Location Type of Alteration Candidate Cancer Related Genes Platform Acute Leukemia Subtype Frequency References. 
Some recurrent regions of genetic abnormalities in paediatric and adult ALL. 
percentages include also cases with sequence mutations. 
Genomic Location Type of Alteration Candidate Cancer Related Genes Platform Acute Leukemia Subtype Frequency References. 
Some recurrent regions of genetic abnormalities in acute myeloid leukemia. 
Accession Gene symbol EC log2-fold EC est fold EC p -value Coc log2-fold Coc est fold Coc p -value Interaction log2 effect size Interaction effect size Interaction p -value Fraction. 
A selection of significantly changed proteins ( p < 0.05; fold change > 1.5) for cocaine main effect, environmental enrichment main effect and cocaine X enrichment interaction . 
A complete list of proteins can be found in Supplementary Materials. 
MSigDB collection Proteins Enrichment score NES p -value. 
A selection of cocaine-regulated protein sets from the GSEA analysis . 
A complete list of proteins can be found in Supplementary Materials. 
MSigDB collection Proteins Enrichment score NES p -value. 
A selection of environmental enrichment-regulated protein sets from the GSEA analysis . 
A complete list of proteins can be found in Supplementary Materials. 
Name Sequence. 
Primers used in this study. 
Gene Accession Length Identity Chrosome CpG island TO TSS. 
Details of the differentially methylated sequences. 
  Methylation Unmethylation Total number   *SP(+) # SP(-) SP(+) SP(-). 
Methylation status and protein expression of RASSF2 in the target tissue. 
*SP(+): RASSF2 protein expression (+); #SP(-): RASSF2 protein expression (-). 
Mouse models of gastric cancer by chemical treatment or/and infections of helicobacter and viruses. 
MNU = N-methyl-N-nitro-N-nitrosoguanidine; CEA = carcinoembryonic antigen; HPV = human papillomavirus; SCJ = squamocolumnar junction; Ca = cancer; LN = lymph node. 
Pathologic development in the stomach examplified by various genetic models of gastric hyperplasia or tumoriogenesis in mice. 
TFF1 = Trefoil factor 1; NHE = Na+/H+ exchanger; TGF = transforming growth factor; TSP = thrombospondin; AhR = aryl hydrocarbon receptor; Klf4 = Kruppel-like factor 4; MHC = major histocompatibility complex; CA = carbonic anhydrase; CEA = carcinoembryonic antigen; Fkh6 = forkhead homolog 6; Shh = Sonic hedgehog; NF-?B2 = nuclear factor-kappa B2; ND = not detectable; Y = yes; N = no. 
Mouse models of precancerous changes. 
TGF = transforming growth factor; Shh = Sonic hedgehog; SPEM = spasmolytic polypeptide-expressing metaplasia. 
Promoters for establishing gene expression in the stomach. 
TFF1 = Trefoil factor 1; SPEM = spasmolytic polypeptide-expressing metaplasia; IFN = interferon. 
Parameter Description Dimensional value Ref. 
Units are indicated in parenthesis ( ) in the third column. 
?=?dimensionless value. 
*tw?=?estimated in this work. 
Var Description Dimensional value Ref. 
tw?=?estimated in this work. 
Gene Polymorphism Reference Population GC subtype Total sample size OR, 95% CI a. 
Genetic polymorphisms in the Toll-like receptor signalling pathway that have been studied in relation to gastric cancer ( 170 ) . 
GC, gastric cancer; OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence intervals; NS, not specified . 
aOR and 95% CI correspond to allele or genotype analysis, depending on available information in the article . 
bThe control group included individuals with high risk gastritis (pangastritis, corpus-predominant gastritis with or without the presence of gastric atrophy, and intestinal metaplasia in either antrum or corpus) . 
cCompared to gastric atrophy controls . 
dThe study population is from Poland . 
eThe study population is from the United States. No significant association was found with cardia GC . 
fSubjects from Germany, Lithuania and Latvia . 
gSubjects from France, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Greece, Germany, Sweden, Denmark and Norway . 
hEffect size for intestinal-type GC, diffuse type: OR: 0.99, 95% CI: 0.78–1.26 . 
Reference Journal Population Precancerous lesion Cases Controls Total Polymorphism OR (95% CI) a. 
Genetic polymorphisms in the Toll-like receptor signalling pathway that have been studied in relation to gastric precancerous lesions . 
CG, chronic gastritis; AG, atrophic gastritis; IM, intestinal metaplasia; OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence intervals . 
aOR and 95% CI correspond to allele or genotype analysis, depending on available information in the article . 
bOnly individuals with corpus-predominant chronic gastritis were included in the meta-analysis (individual presenting antrum-predominant gastritis were excluded) . 
cAnalyses including only H. pylori seropositive individuals . 
dOnly patients with chronic gastritis were included in the meta-analysis (patients presenting duodenal ulcer were excluded) . 
eCases were GC patients’ relatives with gastric atrophy and infected with H. pylori from a Scotland population . 
Reference Journal Population Gastric lesion Study sample size Polymorphism OR (95% CI) a. 
Genetic polymorphisms in the NOD-like receptor signalling pathway that have been studied in relation to gastric precancerous lesions and gastric cancer . 
GC, gastric cancer; IM, intestinal metaplasia; AG, atrophic gastritis; GC, chronic gastritis; OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence intervals . 
aOR and 95% CI correspond to allele or genotype analysis, depending on available information in the article . 
bOnly in H. pylori -infected individuals . 
cSignificant only in non-cardia H. pylori CagA negative individuals . 
dResults obtained through a Fisher’s exact probability test (two-tailed P -values) conducted in the current review using the information provided in the original article . 
Number Title Target sample size Study type Country. 
Diabetic retinopathy: clinical trials [ 9 ]. 
? Inhibitor (company) commercial name Clinical trial. 
Aurora kinase inhibitors in clinical trials. 
Biological entity Physical entity Data source Amount. 
Data in Yeast data repository and sources. 
GO ID GO term. 
GO terms used for filtering proteins. 
Name of primers Primer sequence Primer sequence expected product Reference. 
T-SGA (26) T-AGA (25) PT-SGA (20) PT-AGA (22). 
Data are expressed as mean ± SEM. * A p value of less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. 
Birth Weight (SDS) Birth Length (SDS) Placental Weight (g). 
* A p value of less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. 
Birth Weight (SDS) Birth Length (SDS) Placental Weight (g). 
* A p value of less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. [AUC] ?=? area under curve). 
ID Age Site Histology OS (m). 
ID: sample code number; OS (m): overall survival (months); GB: glioblastoma mutiforme; OL: oligodendroglioma; FA: fibrillary astrocytoma; PA: pilocytic astrocytoma; Fr: frontal lobe; Te: temporal lobe; Pa: parietal lobe; Suprat: supratentorial; Cereb: cerebellum; OD: dead from other disease. 
Protein name a Accession number b Uniprot name c Gene name d Mascot protein score e Total Ion score f Protein coverage % g Peptides numberh Experimental MW (kD)/IP i. 
: protein name;. 
: UniProt accession number;. 
: UniProt identification name;. 
: Gene name;. 
: Mascot/protein score;. 
: Total Ion Score. 
: % Protein coverage and h: Peptides number are the percent fraction of the total protein length and number of peptides identified by MS spectrometry analysis, respectively. 
: MW (kD)/IP, experimental molecular weight and isoelectric point. 
Whole cohort size Incident case (recruited <2 years after diagnosis) Cases genotyped for the SNP Number of cases with a single melanoma Cases with complete data on adjusting covariates Number with Breslow ?>?0.75 mm Cases with complete follow-up Center Age Sex Site Breslow. 
Cases eligible for analysis in the 11 cohorts that comprise the meta-analysis of the association of the rs2249844 SNP (A>G) with outcome. 
Cases in each column also meet the criteria of all conditions to the left of it. 
Center Cases Minor allele frequency 1 No. of deaths HR (95% CI) 2 p -Value HR (95% CI) 3 p -Value. 
Association of the rs2249844 SNP (A>G) with overall survival (truncated at 8 years of follow-up) in each of the eight melanoma cohorts. 
Cox proportional hazard models were fitted assuming an additive effect. 
Frequency in CEU population in HapMap?=?0.36. 
Cases adjusted for age, sex, site of primary and a single primary melanoma recruited no more than 2 years after diagnosis. 
Cases additionally adjusted for Breslow thickness data?>?0.75 mm. 
Meta-analysis results assume a random effects model. 
PARP1 gene expression (per log2 expression unit)  n OR (95% CI) p -Value. 
The association of PARP1 gene expression taken from formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue samples with ulceration. 
A significant association of greater ulceration with greater PARP1 expression is seen for these data in both primary tumors and metastatic tumors. Analyses are adjusted for age, sex and Breslow thickness. 
PARP1 gene expression (per log2 expression unit)  n HR (95% CI) p -Value. 
The association of PARP1 gene expression taken from formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue samples with overall survival. 
A significant association of poorer outcome with greater PARP1 expression is seen for these data in both primary tumors and metastatic tumors. Analyses are adjusted for age, sex and Breslow thickness. 
Right primer Left primer Gene Name. 
Primers used for quantitative RT-PCR. 
Potassium channel expression in cancer. 
Expression of various potassium channels that have been implicated in cancer. Red boxes indicate that overexpression is reported (in most cases) and that the channel enhances tumorigenic processes, for example by driving proliferation, cell migration, or metastasis ( Bielanska et al., 2009 ; Williams et al., 2013 ; Pardo and Stühmer, 2014 ). Green boxes indicate that the channel expression is inversely correlated with tumor malignancy and clinical aggressiveness, such as KCNA5 in glioma ( Preussat et al., 2003 ) and lymphoma ( Bielanska et al., 2009 ), and KCNQ1 in colorectal cancer ( Than et al., 2013 ). The blue box indicates the presence of recurring somatic mutations in the KCNJ5 gene detected in adrenal adenomas ( Choi et al., 2011 ). GI, gastrointestinal. 
PDAC cell lines S100A8 fold increase S100A9 fold increase Reference (SUIT2)   Mean?±?SD Mean?±?SD  . 
S100A8 and S100A9 mRNA relative quantification in PDAC cell lines. 
The PDAC metastatic SUIT2 cell line was used as reference (S100A8 CT?=?36.46?±?0.34 cycles; S100A9 CT?=?32.01?±?0.53 cycles; mean?±?SD from three independent experiments, each made in duplicate). 
  BxPC3 MiaPaCa2 Hek293   Fold increase Fold increase Reference. 
EMT genes mRNA relative quantification in the studied pancreatic cancer cell lines. 
  VEGF (pg/ml) MMP-9 (pg/ml) EGF (pg/ml) FGF-2 (pg/ml). 
The expression of VEGF, MMP-9, EGF and FGF-2 as detected by LUMINEX. 
Data presented as mean ± s.d. of triplicate samples. 
VEGF Vascular endothelial growth factor; MMP-9 Matrix metalloproteinases; EGF Epidermal growth factor; FGF-2 Fibroblast growth factor-2. 
Data Type Attribute Transformation High State in Sample Low State in Sample. 
StepMiner [34] , which fits patterns of one-step transitions by evaluating every possible placement of the transition (or step) and choosing the one that gives the best fit, was used to derive thresholds that divide the data into low and high states. 
Data Set Data Types Analyzed HIHI HILO LOLO LOHI. 
Number of different Boolean implications between variables of different data types in the TCGA GBM and OV data sets. The different data types considered were mutation, copy number, DNA methylation and gene expression. Since chromosomes tended to be altered in large blocks, the copy number data were also organized by chromosomal segments. GISTIC2.0 [36] identifies focal peaks of amplification or deletion as well as broad regions of alteration. The segments derived by GISTIC2.0 are referred to as broad CNAs. 
Type of Implication Trial No. Total Overlap. 
Comparison between relationships found by Boolean implications and the relationships found by t test between randomly selected sets of variables of size 200 in the TCGA OV data set. 
Type of Implication Trial No. Total Overlap. 
Comparison between relationships found by Boolean implications and the relationships found by correlation between randomly selected sets of variables of size 200 in the TCGA OV data set. 
Type of Implication Trial No. Total Overlap. 
Comparison between relationships found by Boolean implications and the relationships found by Fisher's exact test between randomly selected sets of variables of size 200 in the TCGA OV data set. 
Data Set Data Types Analyzed Number of Genes with Implications Disease-Relevant Gene Sets Found. 
Number of genes with relevant Boolean implications between copy number alteration, DNA methylation and expression. List of Disease-Relevant Gene Sets found by GSEA of MSigDB gene sets (FDR q-value 0.05). 
Data Types being Compared Genes found by Boolean Implications Alternate Method Overlap with Alternate Method. 
Overlap between the genes found by Boolean implications and the top-ranked genes found by an alternate method in the TCGA OV data set. 
Subset Superset Possible Biological Significance. 
Mapping the HIHI implications in the GBM data set to known signalling pathways. 
Spot no Protein Accession No. Protein MW (Da) PI Protein score ACV effect Fold change. 
HMG Chromosomal Protein Family and Its Nomenclature*. 
* Http://www.informatics.jax.org/mgihome/nomen/hmg_family.shtml . 
†Names of canonical HMG proteins are matched old names in serial respectively. 
Type CCL Pathway name Genes p-value q-value. 
The common pathways associated to up-regulated genes. 
Type CCL Pathway name Genes p-value q-value. 
The common pathways associated to down-regulated genes. 
Some of the listed pathways are associated to up-regulated genes in BC (*) and in melanoma (#). 
Gene expression Pathway name Genes p-value q-value. 
The rest of common pathways associated to up or down-regulated genes in both cancer cell lines. 
Variables Sham Control Atorvastatin Metformin Combined. 
Effects of metformin and atorvastatin on laboratory parameters. 
Denote: *P?<?0.05 sham group versus other group, #P?<?0.05 control group versus atorvastatin and combined groups, &P?<?0.05 combined group versus atorvastatin and metformin groups. 
A375 Hs294T FO-1 Wm1366 CHL-1. 
*?=? mutation results in stop codon. (+/?) ?=? heterozygous. (?/?) ?=? homozygous mutated. 
Growth Inhibition Apoptosis Cell line IC50 (nM) 95% CI (nM) IC50 (nM) 95% CI (nM). 
A panel of human melanoma cell lines (A375, Hs294t, FO-1, Wm1366, CHL-1) and three normal human melanocyte cell lines (HEM-l, HEMn-MP, HEMn-DP) were treated with a range of KPT-185 concentrations (0–10.24 µM). After 72 hr of treatment, growth inhibition was evaluated using an MTS assay, and apoptosis was evaluated via Annexin V/PI staining and flow cytometric analysis. The 5 melanoma lines and the 3 melanocyte lines had significantly different sensitivity (p?=?0.0253) to KPT-185 treatment. 
Case Sex/Age Previous medical history Histologically proven sites of involve-ment Treatment Outcome (months) Cytogenetics aCGH platform PHF14 seq GEP Affy 2.0 RNAseq WB       Sample/status Karyotype b     . 
, previously published cases [10] , [11] , [13] . 
, karyotypes were described according to recommendations of ISCN (2013) [84] c, karyotype according to Di Noto et al .(2001) [22] . 
abbreviations: ITP, idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura; POG, Pediatric Oncology Group; MAB, Monoclonal Antibodies; Tx, transplantation; S, spleen; L, liver; BM, bone marrow; Pe, peritoneum; allo, allogeneic; CT, chemotherapy; FU, follow-up; D, diagnosis; P, progression; WB, Western blotting. 
Gene Symbol Chromosome Position Name Location * Type molecules. 
*PM, plasma membrane; C, cytoplasm; N, nucleus; ES, extracellular space. 
Candidate RCC biomarkers – type Candidate RCC biomarkers – name High-throughput method used Reference. 
Chosen RCC prognostic and predictive biomarkers, which have been discovered as a result of high-throughput genomic research conducted up to date . 
VEGFR-3 , vascular endothelial growth factor-3; IL-8 , interleukin-8; HIF-1 ?, hypoxia-inducible factor 1? subunit; VHL , von Hippel-Lindau; OPN ?=? SPP1 secreted phosphoprotein 1; TRAIL , tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis inducing ligand; MET , mammalian target of rapamycin; CXCR7 , chemokine (C-X-C motif) receptor 7; PD-0332991 , palbociclib, inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6; miR, micro RNA; HIC1 , hypermethylated in cancer 1 . 
aBiomarkers are attributed either to the “predictive” or “prognostic” candidates on the basis of the information obtained from the current literature (if a biomarker is more often cited in PubMed as “predictive” – it is attributed to the “predictive” group) . 
Exon Exon size(bp) 5'splice donor Intron size(bp) 3'splice acceptor Intron. 
Exon-intron junctions of the NAP-1 gene. 
Uppercase and lowercase letters indicate exon and intron sequences respectively. Conserved splice donor and acceptor dinucleotide sequences are indicated in bold. 
case number & specimen IA case number & specimen IA. 
Expression in other normal, tumor biopsies and cell lines by differential RT-PCR. 
case number N(IA) T(IA) T(IA) / N(IA) case number N(IA) T(IA) T(IA) / N(IA). 
Expression difference between NPC and NP biopsies by differential RT-PCR in 40 cases. 
IA : Integral absorption of PCR products; N(IA): IA(N)/ IA (GAPDH); T(IA) :IA(T)/ IA (GAPDH); T(IA) / N(IA) < 0.5: expression decreased; T(IA) / N(IA) > 2: expression increased; 0.5< T(IA) / N(IA) < 2: no expression difference. 
  Control DI0 HFD. 
Composition of diets. 
Control: normal rat chow. 
DI0: rat chow?+?sucrose. 
HFD: rat chow?+?sucrose?+?cooking fat. 
Analyses were done commercially (Microchem, Cape Town). 
  Non-diet controls (NDC) Diet-induced obese rats (DIO) HF diet rats (HFD). 
Effects of diets on body weight and blood parameters. 
Number in brackets indicates number of animals. Animals were fasted overnight. 
*p?<?0.05 vs NDC. 
**p?<?0.001 vs NDC. 
†p?<?0.001 vs DI0. 
  CF AO CO HR PSP TW Number of hearts producing AO during reperfusion (ml/min) (ml/min) (ml/min) (beats/min) (mmHg) (mmHg). 
Effects of diets and preconditioning on myocardial function before and after ischaema. 
Abbreviations: CF Coronary flow, AO Aortic output, CO Cardiac output, HR heart rate, PSP peak systolic pressure, TW total work. 
NPC non-preconditioned, IPC ischaemic preconditioning, BPC beta-preconditioning. 
Five-six hearts were studied in each series. Values obtained before ischaemia were grouped together. 
*p?<?0.05 vs Before; **p?<?0.01 vs Before; ***p?<?0.001 vs Before; †p?<?0.05 vs NPC. 
RBP miRNA Type of cancer mRNA target and effect Reference. 
RBP miRNA Type of cancer mRNA target and effect Reference. 
RBP miRNA Type of cancer Mode of action Reference. 
Characteristic No. of subjects (%). 
Clinical characteristics of the study population. 
* Regular use defined as two or more tablets per week for 1 or more months. 
† Non-user: women who indicated that they did not use two or more aspirin tablets per week for 1 or more months (minimum level). 
‡ Short-term user: women who indicated that they used two or more aspirin tablets per week for less than 2 years. 
§ Long-term user: women who indicated that they used two or more aspirin tablets per week for 2 or more years. 
|| Hormone replacement therapy defined as estrogen therapy and/or oral contraceptive for 1 or more years. 
¶ Non-user: women who indicated that they did not have hormone replacement therapy for 1 or more years (minimum level). 
# Aged <50: women who indicated that they did had hormone replacement therapy for 1 or more years before age 50 years. 
** Aged ?50 years: women who indicated that they did have hormone replacement therapy for 1 or more years after the age of 50 years. 
†† Body mass index: height (cm) and weight (kg) were self-reported, and body mass index was calculated (kg/m2) from these variables. 
‡‡ Cigarette smoking was defined as one or more cigarettes per day for one or more years. 
§§ Nonsmoker: women who indicated that they did not smoke one or more cigarettes per day for 1 or more years (minimum level). 
|||| Short-term smoker: women who indicated that they smoked one or more cigarettes per day for less than 20 years. 
¶¶ Long-term smoker: women who indicated that they smoked one or more cigarettes per day for 20 or more years. 
## Proximal colon: cecum. 
*** Serrated lesion: any serrated polyp including hyperplastic and sessile serrated adenoma. 
††† Distal colon: sigmoid. 
Effectors Mechanisms of FoxP3-induction. 
Effectors of postnatal feeding regulating FoxP3 + Treg differentiation. 
Pigments, mg/g of Fresh Biomass of Cells M.W. Cell Culture Medium SW CFn CFreg. 
Naphthoquinone pigment production in sea urchin cultivated cells. Data are presented as the mean ± standard error from two independent experiments (ESI MS). SW—seawater; CFn—coelomic fluid obtained from intact sea urchins; CFreg—coelomic fluid obtained from injured sea urchins. 
Gene Mutation Forward primer sequence (5? to 3?) Reverse primer sequence (5? to 3?). 
Primers used for polymerase chain reaction in this study. 
Characteristic Value. 
Clinical characteristics of hepatocellular carcinoma patients. 
Author (ref) Population No. of patients Codon 12 Codon 13 Codon 61 Frequency (%). 
Reported point mutations in codons 12, 13, and 61 of KRAS in hepatocellular carcinomas. 
NA, not available. 
Group M:F Age (range) n. 
Thyroid study patient demographics. 
Thyroid samples were grouped according to pathological diagnoses: Benign (B) and papillary thyroid cancer (PTC). Average age (and range), male: female ratio (M:F), and group size (n) are shown. 
Group M:F Age (range) n. 
Patient demographics of thyroid nodules analyzed. 
PTC?=?Papillary thyroid cancer; B?=?Benign; M:F?=?male: female ratio; n?=?group size. 
Group TGF-?1 2 -? C T range TGF-?2 2 -? C T range. 
Range of group specific 2 -?C T values for TGF- ?1 and TGF- ?2 in thyroid nodules. 
PTC?=?Papillary thyroid cancer; B?=?Benign; TGF?=?Transforming growth factor. 
Target Loci E006AA-Par E006AA-hT Alleles Match Allele 1 Allele 2 Alleles Allele 1 Allele 2 Alleles. 
DNA profile analysis of E006AA-Par and E006AA-hT cell lines for intra-species identification. 
Network Gene sets Number of hubs Number of non-hubs Odds ratio p-value. 
KSIN: kinase-substrate interaction network (468 hubs versus 1,872 non-hubs). PPIN: protein-protein interaction network (2,602 hubs versus 10,041 non-hubs). 3DPPIN: three-dimensional structural PPIN (591 hubs versus 2,018 non-hubs). ADRPs: adverse drug reaction-associated proteins. The p-value was calculated using Fisher's exact test. 
P53 mutation N=273 (%) P53 wild-type N=418 (%) Total N=691 (%) p-value. 
Abbreviations: CRC-colorectal, GI-gastrointestinal, GYN-gynecological, ECOG-Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group, LDH-lactate dehydrogenase, RMH-Royal Marsden Hospital. 
Exon Location * Codon Location * Cancer type Exon 5 (%) Exon 6 (%) Exon 7 (%) Exon 8 (%) Others (%) Hot-spot (%) DNA-binding, excluding hotspot (%) Others (%). 
Tumors can have more than 1 mutation in different exon and codon locations. Abbreviations: GI-gastrointestinal, GYN-gynecological. 
No. of other aberrations P53 mutation N=273 (%) P53 wild-type N=418 (%) P-value. 
P53 mutation (N=273) P53 wild-type (N=418) P  Tested Positive % Tested Positive % . 
: PTEN loss by immunohistochemistry or mutation. 
§: Mutation or amplification. 
Snail Expression  n Positive (%) Negative (%) P Value. 
Cell type Seeding density Incidence of tested mice brought solid tumor. 
Snail Expression  n Positive (%) Negative (%) P Value. 
Disease Protein context Model system Reduced activity? References. 
Overview of measurements of the proteolytic activity of the proteasome in neurodegenerative disease models . 
Filamentous htt but not inclusions isolated from HD94 mice was shown to inhibit the 26S proteasome in vitro without affecting 20S proteasome function . 
Decreased proteasome activity observed only at early time points; no difference compared with wild type at late disease stages . 
Decreased chymotryptic activity, but no decreased tryptic- and caspase-like activity . 
Disease Protein context Model system Readout Reduced function? References. 
Overview of measurements of the functionality of the ubiquitin/proteasome system in neurodegenerative disease models . 
Transient UPS impairment . 
UPS impairment by mutant AR is ligand-dependent . 
UPS impairment by mutant AR occurs only in absence of ligand; ligand treatment restored UPS functionality . 
Reduced UPS activity observed only at late stages in cells which display advanced ALS pathology (e.g., enlarged vacuoles) . 
SNP Correlation Comparison model and P value. 
miRNA-related SNPs in hepatocellular carcinoma. 
IC50 (?M) (95% Confidence Interval)   TpoR JAK2 WT TpoR JAK2 V617F TpoR W515L Bcr-abl JAK2 TW JAK2 V617F. 
The 50% inhibitory concentrations with their corresponding 95% confidence intervals in parenthesis of the JAK2 and PI3K inhibitors. 
IAPV (NC_009025) Primers Product Size (bp) Genome Position Reference. 
Immune Gene GeneBank Accession # Primers Product Size (bp) Reference. 
Gene encoding Cellular process Specific function References. 
Summary of genes known to be up-regulated by KGF, which have putative roles in tissue protection and regeneration. 
KGF: keratinocyte growth factor; ATP: adenosine triphosphatase; MMP: matrix metalloproteinase protein. 
Immortalizing agent Cell line Characteristic features Transplantation experiments Reference. 
Immortalization of neuronal cells using various agents. 
Immortalizing agent Cell line Cell line derived from Properties of the cell line Reference. 
SV40 large T antigen immortalized neuronal cell lines. 
This transgenic mouse carry TH-SV40Tag-tsA58 fusion gene. The TH-SV40Tag-tsA58 vector was formed by fusing TH promoter region to the temperature-sensitive mutant form of SV40Tag for tissue specific expression of SV40 Tag. The cells isolated from this transgenic mouse express both TH and SV40 Tag at permissive temperature (33°C) and at non-permissive temperature (37°C); although in the latter the expression of SV40 Tag is less. There was no increase of TH expression at non-permissive temperature, which is contradictory to the expectation. The author also verified that TH expression requires some other factor(s), by co-culturing SN4741 cells with primary mesencephalic cells. 
Cell line Traplantation model Duration of post-transplantation experiments Chracteristic features in vivo Drug induced rotation Reference. 
Transplantation studies with immortalized cell lines. 
Cell type/tissue Site of transplantation Outcome TH expression Remarks Reference. 
Transplantation studies in PD patients with cells/tissues. 
ND, not described. 
Primer Primer sequence (5?-3?) Expected product size (bp). 
F?=?forward, R?=?reverse. 
Mutations with reference to the human sequences are in bold and italic. 
Kd (mM). 
Tm (°C). 
*values determined at 295 nm. 
Sr. no. Interacting protein (reference). 
Abbreviations: anti-NGF 30, anti-nerve growth factor 30 antibody heavy-chain; AP-1, activator protein 1; APE1, apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease 1; BER, base excision repair; CREB, cAMP response element-binding; FEN1, Flap endonuclease 1; GADD?, growth arrest and DNA damage alpha; GAPDH, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase; HDAC1, histone deacetylase 1; HIF-1?, hypoxia inducible factor 1? hn-RNA-H1, heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein-H1; HSP70, human heat shock protein 70; NF-?B, nuclear factor kappa B; Nm23-H1, non-metastatic protein-23 homolog-1; NPM1, nucleophosmin; PARP1, poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase 1; PCNA, proliferating cell nuclear antigen; PKM2, pyruvate kinase 3 isoform 2; Ref-1, redox effector factor-1; SIRT1, SIRTUIN1; STAT3, signal transducer activator of transcription 3; Tmod3, tropomodulin 3; XRCC1, X-ray cross complementation protein 1. 
Tissue Study Higher in HER2+ Lower in HER2+. 
MiRNAs associated with HER2-overexpressing breast tumors. 
Predicted downregulation based on promoter hypermethylation. 
miRNA Regulation by HER2 Validated Target Genes with a Potential Role In cancer. 
MiRNAs that are regulated by HER2 and mediate HER2 signaling. 
miRNA Validated Targets in HER2 Complex. 
MiRNAs that regulate HER2 receptor complex. 
miRNA Effect on Anti-HER2 Therapy Response. 
MiRNAs that modulate cancer response to anti-HER2 therapy. 
  Fibronectin Laminin Gelatin. 
Composition of Six Different Extracellular Matrix Substrates for Testing Cardiomyocyte Differentiation. 
Values in the table are percentages. 
Characteristics (Total N?=?120) (%). 
The characteristics of the 120 patients used in this study are summarized. 
WD: Well differentiated; MD: Moderately differentiated; PD: Poorly differentiated. 
  Normal tissue Overexpression in cancer. 
Expression of PAKs in human normal and cancerous tissues. 
Gene name Primer sequence. 
Oligonucleotide sequences of the primer used in RT-PCR analyses. 
F, forward; R, reverse. 
Compound 1 (target 1) Compound 2 (target 2) Effect of combination vs. single treatment Mechanism of synergy Refs. 
Preclinical studies evaluating vertical targeting of PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway. 
4EBP, eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E binding protein 1; Akt, v-Akt murine thymoma viral oncogene; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase; S6K1, ribosomal protein S6 kinase 1. 
Compound 1 (target 1) Compound 2 (target 2) Effect of combination vs. single treatment Mechanism of synergy Refs. 
Preclinical studies evaluating vertical targeting of RAS/MEK/ERK pathway. 
Bcl-2, B-cell lymphoma-2; CHOP, CAAT/enhancer-binding protein (C/EBP) homologous protein; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; FDG, fluorodeoxyglucose; GLUT-1, glucose transporter; HIF-1?, hypoxia-inducible factor 1-?; Hxk II, hexokinase II; Ksr, kinase suppressor of RAS; MEK, mitogen-activated protein/extracellular signal-regulated kinase; PARP, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; Rb, retinoblastoma; Sp1, specificity protein 1. 
Compound 1 (target 1) Compound 2 (target 2) Effect of combination vs. single treatment Mechanism of synergy Refs. 
Preclinical studies co-targeting RAS/MEK/ERK and PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathways. 
4EBP1, eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E binding protein 1; Akt, v-Akt murine thymoma viral oncogene; Bcl-2, B-cell lymphoma-2; cIAP-2, cellular inhibitor of apoptosis protein-2; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; bFGF, basic fibroblast growth factor; GSK3?/?, glycogen synthase kinase-3 ?/?; HIF-1?, hypoxia-inducible factor-1-?; MEK, mitogen-activated protein/extracellular signal-regulated kinase; MMP2, matrix metallopeptidase 2; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PARP, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase; S6K, ribosomal protein S6 kinase; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Compound 1 (target 1) Compound 2 (target 2) Effect of combination vs. single treatments Mechanism of synergy Refs. 
Pre-clinical studies combining RTKs targeting and other pro-apoptotic strategies. 
Akt, v-akt murine thymoma viral oncogene homolog; Bcl, B-cell lymphoma; cFLIP, cellular FLICE-inhibitory protein; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; ErbB, v-erb-b2 avian erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene homolog; FGFR, fibroblast growth factor receptor; IGF-1R, insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor; LN, lymph node; MEK, mitogen-activated protein/extracellular signal-regulated kinase; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PPP, cyclolignan picropodophyllin; RTKs, receptor tyrosine kinases; TRAIL, TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand; Stat, Signal transducers and activators of transcription; VEGF, vascular-endothelial growth factor; VEGFR, VEGF receptor. 
Compound 1 (target 1) Compound 2 (target 2) Effect of combination vs. single treatments Mechanism of synergy Refs. 
Pre-clinical studies associating TRAIL and signaling pathway inhibition. 
Ad, adenoviral; AIF, apoptosis inducing factor; Akt, v-Akt murine thymoma viral oncogene; Bcl, B-cell lymphoma; cFLIP, cellular FLICE-inhibitory protein; cIAP, cellular inhibitor of apoptosis protein; CMV, cytomegalovirus; h, human; GSK, glycogen synthase kinase; HDAC, histone deacetylase; IKK?, IkB kinase; (iz)-TRAIL, isoleucine zipper; mAb, monoclonal antibody; MEK, mitogen-activated protein/extracellular signal-regulated kinase; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; rh, recombinant human; NFATc2, calcineurin/nuclear factor of activated T cells c2; PARP, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase; ROS, reactive oxygen species; SBHA, suberoyl bis-hydroxamic acid; Smac/DIABLO, second mitochondria-derived activator of caspases/direct IAP-binding protein with low pI; TRAIL, TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand; TRAIL-R, TRAIL receptor; XIAP, X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis. 
Compound 1 (target 1) Compound 2 (target 2) Effect of combination vs. single treatments Mechanism of synergy Refs. 
Pre-clinical studies co-targeting anti-apoptotic proteins and the MAPK pathway. 
Bcl, B-cell lymphoma; MEK, mitogen-activated protein/extracellular signal-regulated kinase; PARP, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; Smac/DIABLO, second mitochondria-derived activator of caspase/direct inhibitor of apoptosis-binding protein with low pI. 
Compound 1 (target 1) Compound 2 (target 2) Effect of combination vs. single treatments Mechanism of synergy Refs. 
Pre-clinical studies co-targeting proteasome, HDAC, anti-apoptotic molecules and/or survival pathways. 
Bcl, B-cell lymphoma; HDAC, histone deacetylase; IAP, inhibitor of apoptosis; MEK, mitogen-activated protein/extracellular signal-regulated kinase; PARP, poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase; PPAR, peroxisome proliferator activated receptor; Smac/DIABLO, second mitochondria-derived activator of caspase/direct inhibitor of apoptosis-binding protein with low pI; Stat, signal transducers and activators of transcription; tBid, truncated Bid. 
Compound 1 Compound 2 Phase Clinical effect of dual treatment Toxicity Refs. 
Clinical studies using combinatorial targeted therapy. 
bid, twice daily; CR, complete response; DLTs, dose-limiting toxicities; mo, months; i.v., intravenously; MTD, maximum tolerated dose; PFS, progression free survival; PR, partial response; qam, every morning; qd, once a day; qpm, every evening; SD, stable disease; OS, overall survival. 
Means-Powell JA, et al , J Clin Oncol 30: 15, abs. 8519, 2012. 
Agent (brand name) Year of approval Specificity Class Mechanisms of action. 
Food and drug administration-approved agents for the treatment of malignant melanoma. 
mAb, monoclonal antibody; IFN, interferon; IL, interleukin. 
Drug/intervention Drug type Sequence of drug administration Stage/cancer type Identifier. 
USA-registered phase III clinical trials of antibody therapies for melanoma. a. 
Source, www.clinicaltrials.gov . 
IFN?2b, interferon ?2b. 
Drug/intervention Drug type Stage/cancer type Identifier. 
European- and UK-registered phase III clinical trials of antibody therapies for melanoma. a. 
Source, https://www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu ; http://public.ukcrn.org.uk/search/ . 
  HR Lower 0.95 Upper 0.95 P value (Wald). 
Univariate and multivariate analyses of overall survival in NSCLC. 
AD adenocarcinoma, F female, HR hazard ratio, LCC large cell carcinoma, M male, SCC squamous cell carcinoma. 
Pathways blocked Inhibitor Target Treatment recipient. 
Compounds, chemicals and peptides used to inhibit EV uptake. 
Target Treatment recipient. 
Antibodies used to block EV uptake. 
  Group Relative telomere length ratio (mean±S.D.). 
Abbreviations: D -gal, D -galactose; Zfp637, zinc finger protein 637. 
* P <0.05. 
Compare with group 1. 
Compare with group 6. 
Compare with group 8. 
Compare with group 12. 
Compare with group 14. 
Gene names Sequences. 
Gene Nucleotide sequence Gene expression Protein expression Protein structure. 
List of ATG genes and proteins identified in Lepidoptera. 
Single nucleotide polymorphism ID Gene Race Information Predicted binding site for Disease Cases Controls Endpoint Best result P -value Assay Ref. 
List of micro-RNA binding sites evaluated in epidemiologic studies. 
Notes: The results are reported for the less common (underlined) allele, using the most common allele as reference. The table resumes the best associations reported in the cited study. 
Abbreviations: ID, identification number; Ref, reference; AS, Asian; T, timeline; miR, microRNA; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; OS, overall survival; RR, relative risk; IHC, immunohistochemistry; SCLC, small cell lung cancer; BC, breast cancer; AO, age of onset; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; OR: odds ratio; NS, statistically nonsignificant; LC, lung cancer; MST, median survival time; mRNA, messenger RNA; CAU, Caucasian; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; TTR, time to recurrence; HIS, Hispanic; HR, hazard ratio; CRC, colorectal cancer; OC, ovarian cancer; HNC, head and neck cancer; WB, western blot; AA, African American; PFS, progression-free survival; ND, not detected; BlC, bladder cancer; ROR, risk of recurrence; GC, gastric cancer; ESCC, esophageal cancer; PC, prostate cancer ; vs, versus; fam, familiar; In, insertion; Del, deletion; w/t, without. 
Variable Number of cases expression of miR-493 P-value   High expression Median expression Low * expression . 
* Figure 1B expression value (?Ct(N)- ?Ct(T)) >1 indicates that miR-493 levels is high in tumors. Expression value <?1 indicates that miR-493 levels is low in tumors. Expression value <1 and >?1 is median level. NSCLC: nonsmall-cell lung cancer;SCC: squamous cell carcinoma; T: tumor tissue; N: normal tissue. 
Description Total cluster numbers Induced genes related repressed genes related. 
Essential oils Proliferation rate (%). 
The proliferation rates (%) are represented as the mean ± SD (%) compared with the corresponding control (0.1% DMSO) at 48 h ( n?=? 3). * indicates the top 5 potent essential oils. # belongs to the same species but was collected in different geographic areas in Taiwan. 
Hinokitiol 48 h 72 h Conc. (µM) 0 5 10 0 5 10. 
The number of viable cells was determined through trypan blue staining, and the proliferation rates (%) are represented as the mean ± SD (%) compared with the corresponding control (0.1% DMSO) at the indicated times ( n?=? 3). 
Biomarker Treatment Genomic aberration Prevalence in NSCLC patients Reference. 
Clinically relevant biomarkers in NSCLC . 
Structures and main food sources of major flavonoid aglycones and their glycosides. 
Cytotoxicity of flavonoids on human cancer cell lines derived from various organ sites (mean IC50±SE, ?M ( n )). Cell lines used for assays are presented in Table 3. 
Human cancer cell lines used for cytotoxicity assays of flavonoids. 
AECA-mediated cell survival (?80%) *  Overall ( n ?=?305) Yes ( n ?=?117) No ( n ?=?188) P -value. 
Participant characteristics at baseline by anti-endothelial cell antibody-mediated cell survival group . 
*Proportion of surviving endothelial cells after 48?h incubation with anti-endothelial cell antibody (AECA) as described in the section “ Subjects and Methods .” H/O – history of; LDL – low density lipoprotein, IQR – interquartile range, BMI – body mass index, eGFR – estimated glomerular filtration rate, BP – blood pressure, HbA 1c – glycosylated hemoglobin . 
Parameter Hazard ratio Lower 95% CI Upper 95% CI P-value. 
Cox regression models of risk factors associated with primary endpoint . 
GFRLT – glomerular filtration rate <60?ml/min/1.73?m 2 . 
Treatment AECA cell surv. ?80% AECA cell surv. >80% Total   N No. of prim endpoint % N No. of prim endpoint % N No. of prim endpoint %. 
Association between anti-endothelial cell antibody-mediated cell survival group and primary endpoint by treatment and baseline albuminuria group . 
a P ?=?0.08 compared to primary (prim) endpoint occurrence (subtotal) in lower albuminuria subgroup . 
Tumor Glutathione S -transferase Gamma-glutamyl transferase  Activity or expression vs. normal tissue Reference Expression in tumor tissue Reference. 
Activity and expression levels of glutathione- S -transferase and gamma-glutamyl transferase in tumor tissues. 
Genes ?????? Forward primers ???????? Reverse primers Product length (Base pair). 
Primer sets used for Q-PCR analysis. 
Subtype Luminal A Luminal B Basal-like HER2 enriched. 
RB pathway alterations by breast cancer subtype. 
Note: Adapted by permission from Macmillan Publishers Ltd: Nature. Cancer Genome Atlas Network. Comprehensive molecular portraits of human breast tumours. Nature . 2012;490(7418):61–70, copyright © (2012). 21. 
Abbreviations: ER, estrogen receptor; TNBC, triple-negative breast cancer; RB, retinoblastoma. 
Study DeMichele et al 42 Slamon et al 43 Finn et al 46. 
Clinical studies of Palbociclib in breast cancer. 
Notes:. 
This study was also presented at IMPAKT 2012 44 and SABCS 2012, 45 as discussed in the text. For simplicity, data presented in the table represent the updated presentation at AACR 2014; 46. 
one patient (1/6) with TNBC had stable disease, (5/6) had progression of disease;. 
demographic data obtained from SABCS 2012 45 presentation; however, the updated report at AACR represents the same patient population. Palbociclib (Pfizer, Inc., New York, NY, USA). 
Abbreviations: AACR, American Association for Cancer Research; ASCO, American Society of Clinical Oncology; ER, estrogen receptor; NR, not reported in abstract; PFS, progression-free survival; PR, partial response; SABCS, San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium; SD, stable disease; TNBC, triple-negative breast cancer. 
Clinicopathologic features of thyroid carcinomas with rare BRAF mutations. 
*Nomenclatures are assigned according to the system of the Human Genome Variation Society ( www.hgvs.org/mutnomen ); †These are novel complex mutations that have not been reported in thyroid cancer. PTC, papillary thyroid carcinoma; FTC, follicular thyroid carcinoma; EFV, encapsulated follicular variant; LN meta, lymph node metastasis. 
Clinicopathologic features of rare BRAF mutations of thyroid tumors previously reported in the literature. 
*The tumor was mixed ATC/PTC type. FV, follicular variant; PTC, papillary thyroid carcinoma; FTC, follicular thyroid carcinoma; EFV, encapsulated follicular variant; LN meta, lymph node metastasis; ATC, anaplastic thyroid carcinoma; NA, not available; FA, follicular adenoma. 
Protein/Receptor Tissue Substrate. 
Localization of albumin-binding proteins and receptors . 
Kinase inhibition rate at 1??M (%). 
Drug Indication Mechanism of action. 
Bevacizumab, aflibercept, and regorafenib are antiangiogenic drugs currently approved for mCRC treatment. These drugs have proved successful for the clinical treatment of various types of cancer and their mechanism of action results different affecting a variable range of cell types and signaling within tumor microenvironment. 
Study Phase Setting Patients (num.) Aflibercept schedule Efficacy Safety (grade 3/4 toxicities). 
Aflibercept in mCRC has been clinically developed in several phases I-II clinical trials and in a final phase III randomized trial. This table briefly summarizes results of efficacy, activity, and safety in published/presented clinical trials with aflibercept in mCRC. 
bev.: bevacizumab; DCR: disease control rate; mCRC: metastatic colorectal cancer; mFOLFOX6: modified FOLFOX6; num.: number; ORR: objective response rate; OS: overall survival; PBO: placebo; PFS: progression-free survival; q2wk: every 2 weeks; Ran: randomized; SAEs: severe adverse events; SD: stable disease; TVE: thromboembolic venous events; vs: versus. 
Pt# Diagnosis Mutation Methods used for molecular analysis. 
Patient * # Age at Dx Pathology/fusion type Best Reponse to IGF1R inhibitor Best Response to IGF1R+mTOR inhibitor Mutation Time of tumor sample. 
* Patient numbers according to Table 1 . 
Abbreviations: CR- Complete remission, PR- Partial remission,N/A-Not applicable. 
Total RNA HY WT Total reads 57217312 21677780 18972520. 
Total RNA: mixture of total RNA consisted of RNA from HY and RNA from WT. 
Gene_id Description q-value Log2(HY_RPKM/WT_RPKM). 
Bold letters indicate metabolic pathways in which the genes are involved. 
fswt fs188 fs164 fs120. 
Population doubling times (hours) of cells grown on plastic, collagen or fibronectin are means of 3–6 independent experiments ± SEM. 
* p<0.05,. 
**p<0.01,. 
***p<0.001 values represent differences between fswt/fs188 cells versus fs164/fs120 cells (two way ANOVA followed by Bonferroni post-test). 
fswt fs188 fs164 fs120. 
Number of colonies in agar are means of three independent experiments ± SEM. 
*p<0.05 represents significantly more colonies formed by fs164 or fs120cells compared to fswt or fs188 cells (ANOVA followed by Tukey-Kramer post-test). 
S. No. Phenotype cDNA change Substitution Reference. 
LPAR6 Hydropathy Segment Position ?G score. 
Structure RMSD (Å) Binding energy (Kcal/mol) Interacting Residues. 
Peptide Tissue Contractility/Relaxation Heart rate Vasoactivity Doses Adrenergic Stimulation References. 
Synopsis of the cardiac effects of CgA and its derived peptides . 
DRUGS ACTIONS TARGET CELLS REFERENCE. 
Novel agents for MBD. 
Tumor-associated antigens evaluated as diagnostic markera. 
aAn updated list of the most recent studies (2011-present). 
Tumor-associated antigens evaluated as prognostic markera. 
aAn updated list of the most recent studies (2010-present). 
Frequency of diverse mutations in the NCI60 cell lines. In this study, 15 mutational genotypes with an occurrence in ?3 cell lines (left column) were selected for CLEA analysis to associate mutations with compound response (GI50). c-MYC-AMP, KRAS-Amp, AKT2-Amp and EGFR-Amp represent gene amplifications. 
In vitro and in vivo experimental evidence demonstrating the roles of sirtuin in cancer. 
Organ Malignancy Association with chronic inflammation. 
Gastrointestinal tumors that have been associated with chronic inflammation. 
Abbreviations: GERD, gastroesophageal reflux disease; H. pylori , Helicobacter pylori ; HBV, hepatitis B virus; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; HCV, hepatitis C virus; MALT, mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue; NAFLD, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; PBC, primary biliary cirrhosis; PSC, primary sclerosing cholangitis. 
Inclusion and exclusion criteria. 
Patient's demographics. 
Summary of the number of cycles of chemotherapy and cetuximab. 
Primers used for generating NGX6 promoter constructs. 
Life-threatening Consequences of conventional curative treatments (radical prostatectomy or radiation therapy) Alternative therapeutic options. 
The therapeutic stakes of prostate cancer . 
Reference Cell lines Inhibitors Decreased proliferation Decreased migration Decreased adhesion Apoptosis Decreased tumoral xenograft growth. 
Representative studies that evaluated the biological effects of Src inhibitors on basic cellular events associated with prostate cancer progression . 
Tumor molecular characteristics. 
Molecular markers and projected survival. 
Source Gene Topology in K+ Buffer a Base Pair Sequence. 
M ?=? Mixed Parallel/Anti-Parallel; P ?=? Parallel; A ?=? Anti-Parallel. 
Ligand Ligand Conc. [µM] (Ligand:G4) ?Tm [°C] a   F21T FT2G8 c-Kit1 c-Kit2 C-myc K-ras STAT3 BCL2 Duplex. 
KMR-04-12 ( 11 , Figure 3 ) was included as a positive quadruplex-binding control molecule, and the MPB-Py-Py fragment 12 ( Figure 3 ) was evaluated to represent the isolated C8-substituent of the PBD C8-Conjugate 5 ( Figure 1 ). 
ESDS±0.5°C. 
Concentration of DNA was 1 µM in these experiments; in all other cases it was 200 nM. Differences in ? T m values for duplex DNA at the highest ligand concentration of 50 µM (50?1, ligand:G4) are thought to be due to solubility or aggregation issues at these artificially high concentrations of ligand and DNA. 
Lymph node metastasis Yes No. 
Profile of single stromal PGCCs and lymph node metastasis in ovarian tumors. 
Group n The percentage of tumor with single PGCC in the stroma ? 2 P. 
The differences of the percentage of tumor with single PGCC in the stroma. 
Group n SKP-2 Cyclin E Stathmin. 
The differences of stathmin, cyclin E and SKP-2 expression in primary ovarian tumor and their corresponding metastatic tumor. 
Group n SKP-2 Cyclin E Stathmin. 
The differences of stathmin, cyclin E and SKP-2 expression in primary ovarian tumor without metastasis and borderline serous cystadenoma. 
Characteristics CDK11p58  Low High n x 2 p. 
Relationship between CDK11 p58 expression and clinicopathological features in breast cancer patients. 
Statistically significant p < 0.05 are indicated in bold. ER, estrogen receptor; PR, progesterone receptor; HER-2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2. 
Variant Number of Patients BMI Patient BMI (SDS) Prevalence of Variant in Publically Available Databases Heterozygous Family Members (BMI) Homozygous Family Members (BMI) Wild-type Family Members (BMI) Patient Neuro-behavioural Phenotype dbSNP ID NHLBI Exomes MAF (%). 
Variants in SH2B1 Identified in Severely Obese Individuals and the Prevalence of These Variants in the Publically Available Databases. 
dbSNP , SNP database dbSNP138; MAF, minor-allele frequency; NHLBI, NIH Heart, Lung, Blood Institute; exomes, http://evs.gs.washington.edu/EVS/ ; N/A, not available. 
Males. 
Histology miRNAs Expression level Function miRNA target Reference. 
Deregulated miRNAs in soft tissue sarcomas. 
DDLS: dedifferentiated liposarcoma; MLS: myxoid liposarcoma; PLS: pleomorphic liposarcoma; LMS: leiomyosarcoma; ARMS: alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma; AS: angiosarcoma; MPNST: malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor; UPS: undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma; N/D: no data. 
Histology Promising circulating miRNAs Study design Samples Sample size Methods Number of miRNAs examined Normalization References. 
Studies on circulating miRNAs in the serum of patients with soft tissue sarcomas. 
RMS: rhabdomyosarcoma; MPNST: malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor; NF1: neurofibromatosis type 1. 
Cell type Fc? Rs expressed Conditions for expression References. 
Expression of Fc?Rs on murine CNS cells . 
This table shows the expression patterns of Fc?Rs on different murine CNS cell types. The conditions in which up or down regulation of specific Fc?Rs has been observed have been recorded . 
Cell type FcRs expressed Conditions for expression References. 
Expression of Fc?Rs on human CNS cells . 
This table shows the expression patterns of Fc?Rs on different human CNS cell types. The conditions in which up or down regulation of specific Fc?Rs has been observed have been recorded. There are a limited number of studies examining Fc?R expression for most human CNS cell types . 
Author, Reference, Year Histological Types (%) Stage Patients ( n ) Methods of c-Kit/c-KitR Evaluation Type of c-KitR Pattern Percentage of c-Kit/c-KitR Expression Intensity of c-Kit/c-KitR Expression. 
Principal studies evaluating c-Kit/c-KitR expression in renal cancer patients. 
MoAb, monoclonal antibody; PoAb, polyclonal antibody; n.d., not determined; RT-PCR, reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction. 
Author, Reference, Year Histological Types Stage Patients ( n ) Methods of MC Identification Methods of MVD Identification Correlation between MC Count & MVD p Value. 
Studies correlating mast cell (MC) count with microvascular density (MVD) in renal cancer patients. 
MoAb, monoclonal antibody. 
Author, Reference, Year Histological Types Stage Patients ( n ) Methods of MVD Identification Clinical Parameters Correlation p Value. 
Studies correlating microvascular density (MVD) with prognosis in renal cancer patients. 
MoAb, monoclonal antibody; DFS, disease free survival; OS, overall survival. 
Angiogenic factors TCM TCM+ AEA %. 
ANGIOGENIC FACTORS SECRETED BY MDA-MB-231 BREAST CANCER CELLS FOLLOWING ANANDAMIDE TREATMENT. 
Data are presented as mean ± SD of three experiments. % = percentage of inhibition vs TCM.,. 
P <0.05,. 
P < 0.01,. 
P < 0.001; Student’s T test. 
Cell cycle dysregulation RTKs Mitogenicsignaling pathways. 
GENETIC ALTERATION IN GLIOMA. 
IDH1 and IDH2 MUTATION. 
Loss of function Gain of function. 
IDH1 MUTATION. 
RTKs PTEN pathway Angiogenesis IDH1. 
BIOLOGICAL TARGET THERAPY. 
PDCD4 expression Twist1 expression Characteristic Total 0–4 6–12 P-value 0–4 6–12 P-value. 
Pathology rating criteria: 1) immunohistochemistry positive expression rate: 0 points <20%, 1 points 20–40%, 2 points 40–60%, 3 points 60–80%, 4 points >80%; 2) protein color intensity: 0, no; 1 point, weak; 2 points, medium; 3 points, high. Rate for the protein expression of tissues with 2 sections. Scores were 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 9 and 12. 0–4, low expression; 6–12, high expression. 
Twist1 expression  Variable Total 0–4 6–12 P-value. 
Pathology rating criteria: 1) immunohistochemistry positive expression rate: 0 points <20%, 1 points 20–40%, 2 points 40–60%, 3 points 60–80%, 4 points >80%; 2) protein color intensity: 0, no; 1 point, weak; 2 points, medium; 3 points, high. Rate for the protein expression of tissues with 2 sections. Scores were 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 9 and 12. 0–4, low expression; 6–12, high expression. 
Strain Growth rate (mm/d) a Conidiation (×106/ml) b Disease Index c DON (ppm) d. 
Daily extension in colony radius on PDA plates. 
Conidiation in CMC cultures incubated at 25°C for 5 days. 
Diseased spikelets per wheat head at 14 dpi. 
DON production in infected wheat kernels harvested from inoculated wheat heads 14 dpi. 
* Mean and standard deviation were calculated from four independent replicates. Data were analyzed with the protected Fisher’s Least Significant Difference (LSD) test. Different letters were used to mark statistically significant difference (P?=?0.05). 
Gene Gene Function Abnormality in Resistance Cell Type Impact on mTOR Network Ref. 
Impact of the mutated genes on mTOR network. 
Protein description Number of peptide to spectrum matches / (unique peptides) Percentage of protein coverage Function in relation to cancer and MDR. 
Unique proteins identified in drug-resistant microparticles, which are correlated with cancer and/or multidrug resistance. 
Proteins identified from MPs derived from drug-resistant breast cancer cells, which are reported in the literature to directly or indirectly contribute to cancer and/or MDR. The list is generated with the total unique peptide count and the protein coverage to determine the percentage of the residues in each protein sequence. 
GO_id Pathway Number of proteins p p-value fdr p-value Bonferroni. 
Pathway analysis of proteins unique to resistant breast cancer–derived microparticles. 
Top 5 pathways were generated with the help of KEGG pathway analysis. Proteins related to regulation of actin cytoskeleton, focal adhesion, ECM–receptor interaction and others were predicted to play a significant role in transferring p-gp and cause of drug resistance in cells. 
Cell line Source References. 
Human RPE cell lines (according to Mannermaa [ 31 ], modified). 
Antioxidants Mechanisms References. 
Antioxidants used in the treatment of DR and their mechanisms of action. 
GO term Annotation P-value sP. 
sP is number of genes in each category. 
Strain Genotype Reference. 
Characteristics Discovery cohort Replication cohort Combined cohort  Cases Controls Cases Controls Cases Controls  Non-HF HF  Non-HF HF  Non-HF HF . 
*HF, hepatic fibrosis; SD, standard deviation; BMI, body mass index; WBC, white blood cell; HBV, hepatitis B virus; AFP, alpha-fetal protein; T-Bil, total bilirubin; ALB, albumin; ALT, alanine transaminase. 
Length of left liver lobe, a longitudinal section at left parasternal line. Length of right liver lobe, anterior axillary view and maximum oblique diameter between front and back sections with inspiration. 
Thickness of spleen from hilum to opposite section. Length of spleen in left oblique view with maximum length in a section through the splenic hilus. 
Grade Diagnosis criteria. 
SNPs Discovery study Replicative study Combined study  Cases Controls OR P Cases Controls OR P Cases Controls OR P  (%) (%) (95% CI)  (%) (%) (95% CI)  (%) (%) (95% CI) . 
Adjusted for age, gender, smoking and drinking. 
P <1.163×10?3 means significant value by Bonferroni correction based on the total number of markers genotyped. 
rs391957 AA OR 95% CI P int * rs391957 AG OR 95% CI P int * rs391957 GG OR 95% CI P int * rs10118570 Cases Controls   Cases Controls   Cases Controls  . 
* P int, P value for the interaction. 
P int<0.0167 means significant value by Bonferroni correction based on the total number of studies. 
Code Structure Dock score Ref. 
Two dimensional structures of curcumin analogs and its Gscore. 
System Donor Acceptor % occupied distance (Å). 
Conclusion of H-bonds between compounds and tyrosine kinase of HER2. 
System ‹?E vdw› ‹?E ele› ‹?G pb› ‹?G np› ‹?G solv› ‹?G MMPBSA› Nonpolar/hydrophobic Polar/electrostatic. 
Individual terms of MM-PBSA binding energy (kcal mol -1 ), entropy term excluded. 
‹?Evdw› and ‹?Eele› - van der Waals and electrostatic contributions to binding energy. 
‹?Gpb› and ‹?Gnp› - electrostatic and nonpolar contributions to the solvation free energy. 
‹?GMMPBSA› - final calculated MM-PBSA binding energy. 
Nonpolar contribution?=??Evdw?+??Gnp; polar contribution?=??Eele?+??Gpb. 
IPI accession Protein name Peptide sequence Control Gossypol-treated. 
Gossypol-induced changes of phosphoproteins in HOC1a cells. 
+Identified phosphorylated proteins. ++More than 2-fold difference with respect to control. 
Toxins Caco-2 HT29-MTX IC50 [nM] 95% CI IC50 [nM] 95% CI. 
IC50 values of OA group toxins in Caco-2 and HT29-MTX cells calculated from the neutral red uptake assay. IC50 values and 95% CI were calculated from three independent experiments performed in triplicate. 
Downregulated miRNA Sequence Fold change. 
Downregulated miRNAs in LSCC tissues. 
?When the two arms of precursor were added to produce mature miRNA separately, according to cloning experiments. 
Upregulated miRNA Sequence Fold change. 
Upregulated miRNAs in LSCC tissues. 
?When the two arms of precursor were added to produce mature miRNA separately, according to cloning experiments. 
Characteristic Number of cases miR-375 low level miR-375 high level Values. 
Relationship between miR-375 expression and tumor clinicopathologic features. 
Oxidant Description. 
Brief description of some reactive oxygen species (ROS). 
Physical/chemical/clinical properties Heavy metals Arsenic (As) Lead (Pb) Cadmium (Cd) Mercury (Hg). 
The physical, chemical, and clinical properties of heavy metals included in the review. 
Enzyme Substrates Function. 
Protein thiol-disulfide oxidoreductases with their substrates and functions. 
Protein thiol-disulfide oxidoreductases. 
aCofactor for ribonucleotide reductase. 
bOxidizing. 
Anomalies Genetic marker Body fluid Sensitivity Specificity Method References. 
Summary of genetic markers found in body fluids from CRC patients . 
Study/identifier * /title Phase; patients enrolled; status Primary endpoint Disease Dose regimen. 
Clinical trials with Pacritinib. 
Note:. 
Identifier refers to ClinicalTrials.gov registry number. 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; CML, chronic myeloid leukemia; CMML, chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; MDS, myelodysplastic syndromes; MF, myelofibrosis; PMF, primary MF; HL, Hodgkin’s lymphoma; MCL, mantle cell lymphoma; FL, follicular lymphoma; SLL, small lymphocytic lymphoma; MZL, marginal zone lymphoma; CIMF, chronic idiopathic MF; PET-MF, post-essential thrombocythaemia MF; PPV-MF, post-polycythemia vera MF; CT/FDG-PET, Computed Tomography/Fluorodeoxyglucose-Positron Emission Tomography. 
Raf-1, Erk, Bcl-2 and Caspase-3 protein expression (absorbance ratio to ?-actin) in the tumor tissue of glioma model rats at 1 week after stem cell. 
Effect of neural stem cell transplantation on Raf-1 expression in tumor tissue of glioma model rats. 
Effect of neural stem cell transplantation on Erk expression in tumor tissue of glioma model rats. 
Effect of neural stem cell transplantation on Bcl-2 expression in tumor tissue of glioma model rats. 
Effect of neural stem cell transplantation on Caspase-3 expression in tumor tissue of glioma model rats. 
Sequences of primers used for quantitative real-time PCR. 
Penetrance Latency (months) ES_Line Scanned Positive % Median Min Max. 
Propagation Method Primary tumor Passage 1 Passage 2. 
Chr:Position Transcript ID Gene Name NucleotideChange Amino AcidChange MutationFrequency COSMICcancer genecensus. 
Iron compounds Administration route Species Induced cancer References. 
Models of iron-induced carcinogenesis using wild-type animals . 
The models shown above demonstrate the carcinogenicity of iron compounds in rodents. 
Target organ(s) Pathogenesis Cancer Major genetic alterations References. 
Human carcinogenesis associated with iron overload . 
Amp, amplification; HD, homozygous deletion. 
Iron Thiol compounds. 
Antagonizing roles of iron and thiols . 
species cell line type mutations. 
(PTC = Papillary Thyroid Cancer, ATC = Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer). 
Muscle cell type Concentration ? [1 ? ,25(OH)2D3] Proliferation Differentiation Method of VDR detection Reference. 
Effects of 1 ? ,25(OH)2D3 on proliferation and differentiation in myogenic cells. 
Promote (?); inhibit (?); no difference between vehicle and treatment (ND); not investigated (NI). 
Official Trial Name Clinical Trial # Phase of Trial Type of Cancer Patient in Trial Status of Trial Intervention Publications. 
Official Trial Name Clinical Trial # Phase of Trial Type of Cancer Patient in Trial Status of Trial Intervention Publications. 
Official Trial Name Clinical Trial # Phase of Trial Type of Cancer Patient in Trial Status of Trial Intervention Publications. 
Cell Group G0/G1(%) S(%) G2/M(%) Apoptosis(%). 
Notes: SNK-q test, * P <0.05, ** P <0.01, *** P <0.001 compared with the parental cells; # P <0.05, ## P <0.01, ### P <0.001 compared with the hSulf-1-expressed cells. 
Animal Group Positive Cells (% of total cells counted) hSulf-1 Cyclin D1 Survivin Apoptosis. 
Notes: SNK-q test, **P<0.01, ***P<0.001 compared with the control group. 
Cell lines 2 ) GI% 3 ) H-RAS K-RAS BRAF Cell lines 2 ) GI % H-RAS K-RAS BRAF. 
Mutation data obtained from [ 30 , 31 ]. 
NCI60 panel of human cancer cell lines [ 24 ]. 
Growth inhibition (GI%) as shown in Fig. 1A . 
Point mutation at residue 12 or 61 renders Ras GTPases to be constitutively active [ 54 ]. 
  phenotype affected organs/cell types. 
main regulator gene product activity. 
  IC50, ?M compd AP-1 NF-?B. 
  inhibition, % compd 10 ?g/mL 1 ?g/mL. 
ND: not determined. 
  IC50, ?M compd AP-1 NF-?B. 
compd luciferase activity compd luciferase activity. 
The concentration of each test compound was 10 ?M. All luciferase activities were normalized to Renilla luciferase activity. The data were expressed as multiples of luciferase activity compared to the no-treatment (control) group. Dexamethasone is the reference compound. 
A, SHP-1 siRNA target sequences  Plasmid siRNA sequence Start site. 
SHP-1 and SHP-2 RNAi target sequences. 
SHP-1/2, src homology 2 domain-containing phosphatase-1/2; siRNA, small interfering RNA; NC, negative control. 
Target gene Primers Annealing temperature (°C) Length of product (bp). 
SHP-1/2 polymerase chain reaction primers. 
SHP-1/2, src homology 2 domain-containing phosphatase-1/2; bp, base pairs; F, forward; R, reverse. 
Parameter CNE-2 CNE-2S1 CNE-2S2 P-value. 
Radiosensitivity parameters of the cell lines. 
Continuous data presented as the mean ± standard deviation and compared between different groups by one-way analysis of variance with Bonferroni post-hoc test for type I error adjustment. 
Significant difference among the three groups;. 
significant difference as compared with the CNE-2 group;. 
significant difference as compared with the CNE-2S1 group. 
D0, average lethal dose; Dq, quasi-threshold dose; N, extrapolation number. 
Parameter CNE-2 CNE-2S1 CNE-2S2 P-value. 
Radiosensitivity parameters of the cell lines following three months of culture. 
Continuous data presented as the mean ± standard deviation and compared between different groups by one-way analysis of variance with Bonferroni post hoc test for type I error adjustment. 
Significant difference among the three groups;. 
significant difference as compared with the CNE-2 group;. 
significant difference as compared with the CNE-2S1 group. 
CD0, average lethal dose; Dq, quasi-threshold dose; N, extrapolation number. 
Parameter CNE-2 CNE-2S* CNE-2S# P-value. 
Radiosensitivity parameters of CNE-2S* and CNE-2S# cells after different radiation doses. 
Continuous data presented as the mean ± standard deviation and compared between different groups by one-way analysis of variance with Bonferroni post-hoc test for type I error adjustment. 
Significant difference among the three groups;. 
significant difference as compared with the CNE-2 group;. 
significant difference as compared with the CNE-2S* group. 
D0, average lethal dose; Dq, quasi-threshold dose; N, extrapolation number. CNE-2S*, SHP-1-silenced CNE-2 cells; CNE-2S#, SHP-2-silenced CNE-2 cells; SHP-1/2, src homology 2 domain-containing phosphatase-1/2. 
Gene Primer sequence. 
qPCR primers used to detect gene expression levels in the NSC developmental process. 
qPCR reactions were conducted in 7500 PCR Applied Biosystems. qPCR, quantitative transcription polymerase chain reaction; NSC, neural stem cell; F, forward; R, reverse. 
Patient Histological findings Clinical features      ID Gender Age at diagnosis H&E S100 Transgelin Cafe-au-lait spots Neurofibromas Freckling Optic glioma Lisch nodule Skeletal dysplasia Family history Genotype NF1 gene mutation. 
Clinical and histological characteristics of the patients with NF1. 
NF1, neurofibromatosis type 1; H&E, hematoxylin and eosin. 
Ingenuity Canonical Pathways –log( p -value) Ratio Molecules Categories Top Functions and Diseases. 
Top canonical pathways mapped to common protein changes after exposure to low concentration (100 ng/mL) of SWCNT and MWCNT. 
Genes transferred Tumor Incidence P value* (spine)  Cerebellum Spine LMD† . 
Incidence of medulloblastoma formation and leptomeningeal dissemination (LMD) during a 4-month observation period. 
* P values were calculated using ?2 contingency test to compare spine tumor incidence after combined gene transfer with tumor incidence after transfer of Shh alone. 
†Spine tumor incidence calculated as a percentage of mice with histologically verified brain tumors. 
Gene/fold change 1 mM BA 6 mM BA 1 mM PPA 10 mM PPA. 
PC12 cells were treated with 1 mM PPA, 10 mM PPA, 1 mM BA, 6 mM BA or vehicle for 48 hrs. Total RNA samples were isolated from individual petri dishes (n>6 per experimental group). Northern blot analysis was performed as described in Methods section, using probes specific for rat genes, encoding tyrosine hydroxylase (TH), dopamine beta-hydroxylase (DBH), neuropeptide Y (NPY), Chromogranin A (ChrA), pre-proenkephalin (PENK) and GTP cyclohydrolase (GTPCH). The results are presented as mean ± SEM value relative to the mRNA levels in control, vehicle treated cells. 18S rRNA was used as a house keeping gene for normalization of data. 
Symbol Gene PPA BA. 
The symbols ? and ? indicate up- and down-regulated genes, respectively. Numbers following the ? or ? symbols represent the fold-change for the gene expression level. Sorting was done according to the magnitude of the signal (fold change) in BA group. The top 10 for each, upregulated and down regulated genes are shown. For more details, see Table S3 . 
Symbol Gene PPA BA. 
Sorting was done according the magnitude of the signal (most affected, fold change) in PPA group for both upregulated (?) and down regulated genes (?). 
Symbol Gene PPA BA. 
Sorting was done by the magnitude of the signal in BA group for both, upregulated (?) and down regulated (?) genes. 
Symbol Gene PPA BA. 
Total gene IDs in the ontology- 106, matches for PPA – 9, for BA - 12. 
Symbol Gene PPA BA. 
Total gene IDs in the ontology – 85, matches for PPA – 13, for BA -15. 
Symbol Gene PPA BA. 
Total gene IDs in the ontology - 90, matches for PPA – 8, for BA – 18. 
Symbol Gene PPA BA. 
Total gene IDs in the ontology - 101, matches for PPA - 6, for BA- 12. 
# Processes Pathways P-value Zscore. 
The list of biological networks was generated using the Analyze Networks (AN) algorithm with default settings (MetaCore), based on relative enrichment with the uploaded data and the relative saturation of networks with canonical pathways. 
P-value : represents the probability for a particular mapping of an experiment to a map (or network, or process) to arise by chance considering the number of genes in the experiment versus the number of genes in the map within the “full set” of all genes on maps. Z-score ranks the sub-networks of the AN algorithm with regard to their saturation with genes from the experiment. 
Genes implicated in ASD (Copy number variations) Symbol Gene PPA BA. 
Parameter C MSG (n?=?10). 
WAT, white adipose tissue; HDL, high density lipoprotein; LDL, low density lipoprotein; VLDL, very low density lipoprotein; HOMA-IR, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance; Values are mean ± SEM. * P <0.05 vs. control. N?=?7–10/group. 
Combination index  CI MCF-7 T47D SKBr3 MDA-MB-231. 
Synergism: CI<0.9; additive: 0.90?CI?1.1; antagonism: 1.1?CI?10. 
Cell Line Gene Expression(fold ? compared to GAPDH) Copy # PCR Copy # FISH Copy # Dot-Blot Xenograft Response tomAb against IGF-1R. 
HF Irradiated HF, irradiated Upregulated Downregulated Upregulated Downregulated Upregulated Downregulated  FC  FC  FC  FC  FC  FC vs Control  vs Control  vs Control  vs Control  vs Control  vs Control . 
Fold-changes (FCs) of miRNA expression were measured as compared to non-irradiated control mice ( vs Control ) or to non-irradiated mice fed a HF diet ( vs HF). If the expression ratios were >1, then FCs were equal to expression ratios. If the expression ratios were <1, then FCs were equal to the opposite of expression ratios. 
KEGG pathway Nb of genes Nb of miRNAs. 
Reations K 1 (?M ? 1 S ? 1 ) K _1 ( S ? 1 ) K 2 ( s ? 1 ) Source. 
Reactions and velocity constants . 
Descriptions of Reactions and velocity constants that form the model of the CDK5 signaling pathway involved in Tau phosphorylation . 
miRNA Role Function Targets Reference. 
Angiogenic miRNAs related to cancer and their targets. 
*ND: not described. 
m / z Peak area Peak height Ratio of area Ratio of height. 
The MS intensities of peptide GVDNTFADELVELSTALEHQEYITFLEDLK labeled H ( m / z 1165.92) and labeled D ( m / z 1168.60) in peak area and peak height. 
UNIPROT accessiona UNIPROT accession numbera Protein identification Molecular mass (kDa)b Number of peptidesb Ratioc. 
Statistic classification of related proteins in NRK-52E cell lines with Fe3O4 NPs treatment. 
aProtein accession and protein accession number were received from the UNIPROT database available online: http://www.uniprot.org/uniprot (accessed on May 25, 2014). 
bMolecular weight and number of protein peptides according to the Swiss-Prot database in the Mascot search engine. 
cRatio values of each protein according to protein list in the Mascot Distiller. 
GeneID Hits Gene symbol Full name Y2H CoIP. 
Each human gene is identified by its National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) gene ID (first column), gene symbol (third column) and full name (fourth column). The number of hits indicated (second column) is given without discrimination of the bait protein. Column 5 indicates with which bait protein(s) the cellular partner has been identified in Y2H. Column 6 indicates which of the EBNA-3A/-3B/-3C have been validated with the cellular partner by co-immunoprecipitation in cellulo . A: EBNA3A, B: EBNA3B, C: EBNA3C, ANt : EBNA3A (1–310), BCt : EBNA3B (1–325), CNt : EBNA3C (1–320), CCt : EBNA3C (279–938). ND: Not Done. * Indicates cellular partners for which an interaction with at least one of the EBNA3 was previously described. # Alternative name. 
Naïve state Primed state. 
Abbreviations: FGF, fibroblast growth factor; LIF, leukemia inhibitory factor; SSEA, stage-specific embryonic antigen. 
IHC score Good responders Poor responders p-value. 
Correlation between phosphorylated STAT3 and ERK1 IHC expression to poor response to chemotherapy for a percentage of viable residual cells lower than 5%. 
Stimulus References. 
Overview of stimuli inducing acid sphingomyelinase and/or ceramide-enriched membrane platforms formation . 
TCA (brand name) FIASMA. 
Tricyclic antidepressants (TCA) and their role as functional inhibitors of acid sphingomyelinase (FIASMA) . 
References: (Kornhuber et al., 2008 , 2011 ). 
? = ASM-inhibitory capacity is not yet tested. 
miRNAs Validated targets Cellular processes References. 
Validated targets for deregulated miRNAs in ATC. 
Compound HSP90? (IC50 ± SD, ?M) Her2 (IC50 ± SD, ?M). 
Binding affinity to recombinant human HSP90? and Her2 degradation on BT474 breast carcinoma cells. 
Competitive binding fluorescence polarization assay and Her2 AlphaLISA Immunoassay were used as described in Materials and methods. IC50 values were the average of at least three independent determinations. 
Cell line Tissue SST0116CL1 IC50 ± SD (?M) Alterated oncogenic pathway. 
Antiproliferative activity of SST0116CL1 on different tumor cell lines. 
Tumor cells were treated for 72 h with different concentrations of SST0116CL1 as described in Materials and methods. Results are expressed as average IC50 values (± SD) for three independent experiments. 
Tissue Tmax (h) Cmax (ng/ml) AUClast (h*ng/ml) HL_Lambda_z (h) CL_F_obs (ml/h/kg) AUCinf_obs (h*ng/ml) Vz_F_obs (ml/kg). 
Model independent pharmacokinetic analysis of SST0116CL1 in the plasma and tissues of tumor-bearing mice (A431 epidermoid carcinoma). 
AUC, area under the concentration vs. time curve. 
CSC-properties CSClow BxPc-3 CSChigh MIA-PaCa2 Refs. 
Characteristics of the established pancreatic cancer cell lines. 
G1 S G2/M. 
Values are means ± s.d.; h, hours. n?=?3,. 
** p <0.01,. 
* p <0.05 vs. pcDNA values. 
Group   Parameter Control Asthma. 
The results of the epidemiological data and lung function tests. 
SD, standard deviation; FEV1, forced expiratory volume in 1 sec; FVC, forced vital capacity; Min-Max, minimum-maximum. 
Classification of asthma based on the level of severity N %. 
Detailed classification of asthma severity. 
N, number; %, percentage. 
SNP name Primer sequence (5??3?) Starter binding temperature. 
Detailed primer sequences used for the PCR reaction with the characteristic starter binding temperature for complementary DNA matrix sites. 
F, forward; R, reverse; PCR, polymerase chain reaction. 
SNP name Primer sequence (5??3?) Starter binding temperature. 
Detailed sequences of primers used for the PCR-HRM reaction with their characteristic starter binding temperature for complementary DNA matrix sites (1:50). 
F, forward; R, reverse; PCR-HRM, polymerase chain reaction-high-resolution melting. 
Severity of asthma    Mild chronic Moderate chronic Severe chronic     Genotype NK N (%) CK N (%) K N (%) NK N (%) CK N (%) K N (%) NK N (%) CK N (%) K N (%). 
The degree of control of asthma according to the ACT in groups of patients with mild, moderate and severe levels of illness, against the frequency distribution of C?509T SNP genotypes. 
NK, uncontrolled asthma (ACT <20 points); CK, partially controlled asthma (ACT =20–24 points); K, controlled asthma (ACT =25 points); N, number; %, percentage; ACT, asthma control test. 
Form Control N (%) Asthma N (%) p-value Agreement of the genotype distributions in the controls with the Hardy-Weinberg law (p-value) Agreement of the genotype distributions in the patients with the Hardy-Weinberg law (p-value). 
The frequency distribution of C?509T (rs1800469) SNP genotypes in the control group and the group of patients with asthma. 
N, number; %, percentage. 
C+466T SNP Control N (%) Asthma N (%) Agreement of the genotype distributions in the controls with the Hardy-Weinberg law (p-value) Agreement of the genotype distributions in the patients with the Hardy-Weinberg law (p-value). 
The frequency distribution of the C+466T (rs200482214) SNP genotypes in the control group and the group of patients. 
N, number; %, percentage. 
C+466T SNP Control N (%) Asthma N (%) Agreement of the genotype distributions in the controls with the Hardy-Weinberg law (p-value) Agreement of the genotype distributions in the patients with the Hardy-Weinberg law (p-value). 
The frequency distribution of the T+869C (rs1800470) SNP genotypes in the control group and the group of patients. 
N, number; %, percentage. 
p=0.4190   Genotype Mild chronic asthma, N (%) Moderate chronic asthma, N (%) Severe chronic asthma, N (%). 
The frequency distribution of the C?509T (rs1800469) SNP genotypes in the control group and the group of patients. 
N, number; %, percentage. 
Asthma ACT <20 N (%) Asthma ACT ?20 N (%) TT vs. CC/CT CC vs. CT/TT. 
Comparative analysis for genotypes of the C?509T polymorphism between patients with uncontrolled asthma (ACT <20 points), and those with partially controlled and controlled asthma (ACT ?20 points). 
N, number; %, percentage; ACT, asthma control test; CI, confidence interval; OR, odds ratio. 
Level of expression of TGF-?1 Group Mean ?CT TGF-?1 mRNA Median ?CT TGF-?1 mRNA Min. ?CT TGF-?1 mRNA Max. ?CT TGF-?1 mRNA Lower quartile Upper quartile SD. 
Expression level of TGF-?1 in the group of patients and the controls. 
SD, standard deviation; TGF-?1, transforming growth factor-?1. 
p=0.2772    Mild chronic asthma Moderate chronic asthma Severe chronic asthma. 
Expression level of TGF-?1 in the patient group with regard to the degree of the severity of the illness. 
SD, standard deviation; TGF-?1, transforming growth factor-?1. 
Physiological parameters 30 minutes before and after diffuse brain injury ( n = 5). 
Quantitative analysis of the effects of apolipoprotein E peptide on diffuse brain injury-induced neuronal apoptosis, malondialdehyde content and superoxide dismutase activity. 
Quantitative analysis of the protective effects of apolipoprotein E (ApoE) peptide against memory impairment and neurological deficits in rats with diffuse brain injury. 
Function Number of genes Gene ID or Name. 
Functional categories of 56 genes lower expressed in ?phx1 mutant. 
Function Number of genes Gene ID or Name. 
Functional categories of 97 genes higher expressed in ?phx1. 
Protein name accession number Identified peptide sequence Site in zebrafish Site in human NS/WT Log2 LS/WT Log2 . 
Zebrafish embryos were injected at the 1-cell stage with synthetic mRNA constructs encoding WT Shp2, NS (D61G) Shp2 or LS (A462T) Shp2 and co-injected with mRNA encoding eGFP. Lysates were subjected to mass spectrometry as described in Materials and Methods . Normalized ratios (Log2 scale) based on total levels of non-phosphorylated peptides are given. 
*Protein name based on BLAST sequence of peptide. Accession numbers from BLAST hits are used for non-annotated peptides. 
**pRS score <75, phosphorylation site could not be determined but the most commonly identified site from Phsophosite.org is used. a-n: indicators for Figure 1C . 
Rac1 Pak1 Rock1      Clinical pathological features  Positive rate (%) P value Positive rate (%) P value Positive rate (%) P value. 
Relationship between the expression of Rac1, Pak1 Rock1 and gastric cancer clinical and pathological features. 
[Correction added on 19 March 2013, after first online publication: Positive rate (%) of Rac1 for Male was amended to be 65.]. 
Study and year Country Ethnicity Cases Controls Analysis assay. 
Baseline characteristics of each eligible study concerning Kras polymorphisms and risk of cancer. 
Abbreviations: AS-PCR, allele-specific PCR; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; PCR-RFLP; PCR–restriction fragment length polymorphism; BEL, Belgium Ovarian Cancer Study; BWH, Brigham Women’s Hospital Study; DOV, Diseases of the Ovary and their Evaluation Study; GER, German Ovarian Cancer Study; HJO, Hannover–Jena Ovarian Cancer Study; HMO, Hannover–Minsk Ovarian Cancer Study; HOC, Helsinki Ovarian Cancer Study; HOP, Hormones and Ovarian Cancer Prediction Study; MAY, Mayo Clinic Ovarian Cancer Study; NCO, North Carolina Ovarian Cancer Study; NTH, Nijmegen Ovarian Cancer Study; OVA, Ovarian Cancer Study; PVM, Pelvic Mass Study and Malignant Ovarian Cancer Study; TBO, Tampa Bay Ovarian Cancer Study; TOR, Familial Ovarian Tumour Study; UCI, UC Irvine Ovarian Cancer Study; UK2, SEARCH, Southampton Ovarian Cancer Study, Scottish Randomized Trial in Ovarian Cancer, United Kingdom Ovarian Cancer Population Study; USC; Los Angeles County Case–Control Studies of Ovarian Cancer; UK-GWAS, SEARCH, United Kingdom Ovarian Cancer Population Study, Cancer Research UK Familial Ovarian Cancer Register, Royal Marsden Hospital Study, UK 1958 Birth cohort, UK Colorectal control.. 
Study and year Country Ethnicity Cases Anti-EGFR antibody CR + PR SD + PD P -value TT genotype TG/GG genotype TT genotype TG/GG genotype. 
Baseline characteristics of each eligible study of rs61764370 and clinical outcome of metastatic colorectal cancer patients treated with anti-EGFR. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody; PD, progressive disease; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease. 
Locus Comparison Population/Subgroup P H I 2 P Z P E OR and 95% CI. 
Meta-analysis results of rs712, rs61764370, and cancer risks as well as response of anti-EGFR therapy in metastatic colorectal cancer patients. 
Note:. 
Meta-analysis result of rs61764370 and response of anti-EGFR therapy in metastatic colorectal cancer. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody; NA, not applicable; OR, odds ratio; P H, P -value of heterogeneity test; P Z, P -value of Z -test; P E, P -value of Egger’s test; vs, versus. 
Gene name Accession number Fold-change DU145 (2 µM) PC-3 (2 µM) DU145 (5 µM) PC-3 (5 µM). 
Gene Name Accession number Fold-change 22Rv1 (2µM) LNCaP (2 µM) 22Rv1 (5 µM) LNCaP (5 µM). 
Characteristics Patients n (%). 
Characteristics PMPMEase Staining Intensity, N (%) p -value 1–100 Trace 101–200 Weak 201–300 Intermediate 301–400 Strong 401–500 Very strong Mean Scores. 
Time (hours) 24 48 72. 
Evolution of neurosphere size and number. 
Cells were grown in defined media as described for the indicated times. *?=? p ?<?0.01 vs day 7; °?=? p ?<?0.01 vs day 7-9. 
Expression of Cav-1, n a     Tumor components Upregulation Downregulation Total reference counts, n. 
Comparison of Cav-1 expression between tumor stromal and human tumor cells in the literature. 
Numbers represent reference counts. 
Cav-1, caveolin-1. 
Gene Primer Sequence (5?-3?) Annealing temperature (°C) PCR product size (bp). 
Summary of the primer sequences, PCR product size obtained and annealing temperature used for MSP assays. 
PCR, polymerase chain reaction; MSP, methylation-specific; bp, base pair; SFRP2, secreted frizzled-related protein 2; GATA4/5, GATA binding protein 4/5; NDRG4, N-Myc downstream-regulated gene 4; VIM, vimentin; M, methylated; U, unmethylated; F, forward; R, reverse. 
Gene Sensitivity, % (95% CI) Specificity, % (95% CI) Odds ratio (95% CI) P-value. 
Comparison of predictive power between SFRP2, GATA4/5, NDRG4, Vimentin and combined for colorectal cancer. 
P = 1, no difference was identified between the two groups. 
SFRP2, secreted frizzled-related protein 2; GATA4/5, GATA binding protein 4/5; NDRG4, N-Myc downstream-regulated gene 4; VIM, vimentin; CI, confidence interval. 
Characteristics Cases, n SFRP2 GATA4 GATA5 NDRG4 VIM Combined. 
Association between DNA hypermethylation and clinicopathological characteristics of colorectal cancer. 
SFRP2, secreted frizzled-related protein 2; GATA4/5, GATA binding protein 4/5 NDRG4, N-Myc downstream-regulated gene 4; VIM, vimentin; TNM, tumor node metastasis. 
Drug Target and class Phase of development. 
Clinical development status of targeted therapeutics in breast cancer. 
Abbreviations: CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; mTORC1, mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; IGF-1R, insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor; InsR, insulin receptor; IGF-1, insulin-like growth factor-1; RANKL, receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand; PARP, poly(adenosine diphosphate–ribose) polymerase; HDAC, histone deacetylases; JAK, Janus kinase. 
Study Population N Variable studied SNPs rs Effect. 
Characteristics and results of the main published studies involving gene polymorphisms and effect on renal function. 
Notes: G1 risk allele: presence of rs73885319 and rs60910145. G2 risk allele: presence of rs71785313 APOL1 risk: defined according to the number of copies of the risk alleles. Zero or one copy = low risk. Two copies = high risk. 
Abbreviations: APOL1, apolipoprotein L1; CKD, chronic kidney disease; eNOS, nitric oxide synthase; (endothelial) ESRD, end-stage renal disease; FSGS, focal segmental glomerulosclerosis; GFR, glomerular filtration rate; MDRD, Modification of Diet in Renal Disease; nonP, non-nephropathy; OR, odds ratio; SNPs, single-nucleotide polymorphisms; TGF?1, transforming growth factor beta 1; BDKRB2, bradykinin receptor B2; AASK, African American Study of Kidney Disease and Hypertension; CRIC, Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort. 
No. of ES cells electroporated Transposon vector, PB-UPA (?g) Transposase vector, mPBase (?g) Replication Total no. of gene-trap clones (G418 R) Total no. of PQ resistant clones. 
Generation of gene-trap library in C9 ES cells and the recovery of PQ resistant clones . 
On average, a single transfection of 5 × 10 6 ES cells yields 1500 gene-trap clones. We performed 6 transfections and pooled the cells to yield a total of 9000 gene-trap clones . 
Gene-trapped Chr Intron Gene ID Nucleotide ID Description Function (GO). 
Genes trapped by piggyBac insertion in PQ resistant ES cell clones . 
Major feed components Low zinc diet (%) Control zinc diet (%) High zinc diet (%). 
Gene name Forward (5? ? 3?) Reverse (5? ? 3?) Taqman probe (FAM-5? ? 3?). 
Symbol Systematic name Gill Intestine Control Deficiency Excess Control Deficiency Excess. 
a p < 0.05. 
b p < 0.01. 
c p < 0.001. 
d ND < n – 1 spots provided significant signal where n = biological replicate number. 
Tissue and condition >1.5-fold up >1.5-fold down Total regulated genes. 
Functions annotation p -Value n p -Value n Gill Intestine. 
Functions annotation p -Value n p -Value n Deficiency Excess. 
Sample number Patient number Age Diagnosis Tumor stage Gleason score Preoperative PSA (ng/mL). 
Clinical information of patients used to generate urine samples included in the study together with their PSA levels, histology grading and tumor stage. 
Spot number Protein name SwissProt accession number Mw (kDa) pI Mascot protein score P value Number of the matched peptides % of sequence coverage. 
List of the all protein spots from the PCa urinary proteome identified by MS. 
SwissProt accession number Protein name Gene name Subcellular location Type of protein Biological function. 
Functional characterization of the 11 identified proteins found only in PCa. 
Lysine State HMTs HDMs Target renal loci Effects in DN References. 
Histone lysine methylations and HMTs/HDMs in DN. 
Interleukin Experimental mouse model Producing cell type Responding cell type Effector function Reference(s). 
Role of interleukins in experimental mouse models of chronic liver diseases (selection). 
Abbreviations: SMA, smooth-muscle actin; ASH, alcohol-induced steatohepatitis; CCl4, carbon tetrachloride; CTLs, cytotoxic T lymphocytes; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; HSCs, hepatic stellate cells; ILCs, innate lymphoid cells; KCs, Kupffer cells; LSECs, liver sinusoidal endothelial cells; MDSCs, myeloid-derived suppressor cells; NAFLD, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; NASH, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis; NPCs, nonparenchymal cells; PBC, primary biliary cirrhosis; Th, T helper. 
Gene Sense Antisense. 
Sequence details of individual pairs of primers. 
Gene Sense Antisense. 
Designed and synthesized a double-stranded siRNA oligonucleotide. 
microRNA Target gene Function Drug Tissue type Mechanism Refs. 
MiRNAs involved in pathways affecting taxanes sensitivity. 
S.NO FUNCTIONAL ANNOTATION OF DYSREGULATED miRNA DYSREGULATED miRNAS UP-REGULATED miRNA DOWN-REGULATED miRNA. 
The list of miRNAs de-regulated in the post- HMGA2 RB cells (Y79) revealed in the microarray analysis and their functional annotations. 
S.NO miRNAS LOCATION ALIGNMENT mirSVR SCORE. 
The alignments of the conserved miRNAs identified in HMGA2 silenced RB (Y79) cells with the HMGA2 mRNA. 
S.NO AGE/SEX CHEMOTHERAPY GROUP CLINICO-PATHOLOGICAL PARAMETERS EXPRESSION OF miRNAS/mRNA IN PRIMARY RB TUMOURS miR -106 b miR -93 miR -25 MCM7 HMGA2. 
Clinicopathological features of the primary RB tumours following the International Intraocular Retinoblastoma Classification (IIRC) with HMGA2, MCM7 gene expression and miR-106b?25 cluster (by qRT-PCR). 
Abbreviations: M, Male; F, Female; NC, No chemotherapy; OU, Both eyes; OD, Right eye; OS, Left eye; WD, Well differentiated; MD, Moderately differentiated; PD, Poorly differentiated; CI, Choroid invasion; pre-L, pre-laminar; PL, post-laminar; ON, optic nerve; Inv, Invasion. 
Sample Age Gender Function WHO classification TNM(A7) Ki-67. 
Characteristics of the 37 patients with pNETs from Ruijin Hospital. 
Sample Gene Nucleotide (genomic) Amino acid change Mutation type. 
The mutations in SMAD4/DPC4. KRAS, TP53, VHL, PTEN, TSC2, DAXX, ATRX, and MEN1 in pNETs. 
Genes pNETs (Chinese) pNETs (Caucasian) a. 
Comparison of the most commonly mutated genes in pNETs between Chinese and Caucasians. 
a The data are from Science 2011;331:1199-203. 
Sample SMAD4/DPC4 KRAS TP53 VHL PTEN TSC2 DAXX/ATRX MEN1. 
All gene mutations identified in the 37 Chinese pNETs patients. 
Ki-67 index or TNM stage  Number of mutated genes Cases (n=31) High Low P value. 
The relationship between the number of mutated genes and the Ki-67 index or TNM stage of well-differentiated pNETs patients. 
Age (Year) Case Sex Duration of OA (Year) * K.L.Image Criterion Pro-Treatment Arthroscopy M F ?3 >3 III IV. 
Information of osteoarthritis (OA) patients with total knee replacement surgery. 
* K.L Image criterion: Kellgren and Lawrecne criterion. 
miRNA Target Site Effect References . 
Micro RNAs and their involvement in dyslipidaemia. 
Oncogenic RTK (Examples) Chromosome Location Cancer (Examples) Approved Selective TKI for Treatment. 
Oncogenic receptor tyrosine kinases in cancer. 
ALK: anaplastic lymphoma receptor tyrosine kinase, NSCLC: non-small cells lung carcinoma, AML: acute myeloid leukemia, CML: chronic myeloid leukemia, DDR: Discoidin domain receptor, EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor, EPHA: ephrin type-A receptor, ALL: acute lymphoid leukemia, EPHB: ephrin type-B receptor, FGFR: fibroblast growth factor receptor, FLT3: Fms-like tyrosine kinase 3, IGFR: insulin growth factor receptor, CLL: chronic lymphocytic leukemia, INSR: insulin receptor, LTK: leukocyte tyrosine kinase, NTRK: neurotrophic tyrosine kinase, PDGFR: platelet-derived growth factor receptor, ROR: receptor tyrosine kinase-like orphan receptor, VEGFR: vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
Name Trade/Code Name Mol. Mass (g/mol) Selective Target IC50 (nM/L) * FDA Approved Cancer (Examples). 
Current specific/selective tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) targeting receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs). 
* Half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) values are the measure of the effectiveness of TKIs in inhibiting the RTKs in biochemical assays, HER: human epidermal receptor, EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor, NSCLC: non-small cells lung carcinoma, VEGFR: vascular endothelial growth factor receptor, PDGFR: platelet-derived growth factor receptor, ALK: anaplastic lymphoma receptor tyrosine kinase, FLT3: Fms-like tyrosine kinase 3, AML: acute myeloid leukemia, CML: chronic myeloid leukemia, RCC: renal cell carcinoma, DLBCL; Diffused large B-cell lymphoma. 
Name Trade/Code Name Mol. Mass (g/mol) Target Molecules (Examples) IC50 (nM/L) * FDA Approved Cancer (Examples). 
Multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) targeting RTKs and intracellular kinases. 
* Half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) values are the measure of the effectiveness of TKIs in inhibiting the RTKs in biochemical assays, ALK: anaplastic lymphoma receptor tyrosine kinase, FLT3: Fms-like tyrosine kinase 3, PDGFR: platelet derived growth factor receptor, EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor, NSCLC: non-small cells lung carcinoma, VEGFR: vascular endothelial growth factor receptor, VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor, NTRK: neurotrophic tyrosine kinase, EPHA: ephrin type-A receptor, DDR: Discoidin domain receptor, CML: chronic myeloid leukemia. 
Source Brain region Preparation Alterations in dendrites and dendritic spines Reference. 
Dendritic spine dysgenesis in RTT individuals and MeCP2-deficient cells and mice. 
Dock subfamily Unique subfamily features Preferential activation Dock protein Function Related neurological diseases Reference. 
Dock proteins, their role in the nervous system, and neurological disorders in which they have been implicated. Modified from Shi (2013) and Namekata et al. (2014) . 
Risk factor Possible mechanism(s)? References?? A ? homeostasis Cellular signaling. 
Sporadic and familial AD risk genes and nongenetic positive risk factors and possible pathogenic mechanisms [ 8 , 132 ]. 
?Not exhaustive. ??Including reviews with original research papers cited. 
Receptor Signal transduction pathway References?. 
Neuronal receptors impacted by A ? o [ 19 , 175 ] and possible effects on downstream signalling pathways. 
?Including reviews with original research papers cited. 
Binding partner Region of TAU involved Function/identity of binding partner References. 
Binding partners of TAU (modified from [ 4 , 192 ]). 
Species Human fungal pathogens Plant fungal pathogens Aspergillus fumigatus Candida albicans Magnaporthe oryzae Fusarium oxysporum Zymoseptoria tritici Ustilago maydis Ashbya gossypii. 
Overview of biological features. 
Species Human fungal pathogens Plant fungal pathogens Aspergillus fumigatus Candida albicans Magnaporthe oryzae Fusarium oxysporum Zymoseptoria tritici Ustilago maydis Ashbya gossypii. 
Overview of fungal genome data. 
Species Human fungal pathogens Plant fungal pathogens Aspergillus fumigatus Candida albicans Magnaporthe oryzae Fusarium oxysporum Zymoseptoria tritici Ustilago maydis Ashbya gossypii. 
Overview of molecular tools. 
Peaks Metabolites. 
Assignments of resonance peaks obtained from 1 H-MRS data. 
Accession Gene names Protein names Abundance ratio(GSTP1/P2?/?/WT). 
Stage No. of genes (FPKM > 0.1). 
The numbers of genes detected in bovine in vivo matured oocytes and each stage of in vivo embryonic development. 
FPKM: fragments per kilobase of exon per million fragments mapped. 
Stage-specific module Hub genes. 
Highly correlated hub genes in bovine stage-specific modules. 
Multiple modules exist for oocytes and blastocysts. 
D (h–1) YDM (g L–1) Product (mg L–1) Y XS (g g–1) Y PS (mg g–1) Y PX (mg g–1) Viability (%). 
Overview of growth and product formation parameters at the different dilution rates studied. 
Values represent the means of three cultivations ± standard error of the mean. YDM, yeast dry mass; Y XS, biomass per substrate yield; Y PS, product per substrate yield; Y PX, product per biomass yield. 
Cluster number Number of genes without a homolog in S. cerevisiae among total number of genes within cluster GO term Corrected p -value. 
Enriched GO terms for the category “biological process” of clusters including all regulated genes. 
Redundant GO terms were excluded using the web-based tool REVIGO [ 51 ]. 
Group Number of genes without a homolog in S. cerevisiae among total number of genes within cluster GO term Corrected p -value. 
Enriched GO terms for the categories biological process (BP), molecular function (MF), and cellular component (CC) of genes regulated at very low ?. 
miRNA Expression Targets Reference. 
Selected miRNA candidates which are correlated to gemcitabine chemoresistance in pancreatic cancer. 
Compound Company Mechanism of action Phase of clinical development Trial Status Intervention Type of Cancer. 
Currently available agents against the IGF pathway evaluated in clinical trials for the treatment of HCC. 
Data from clinicaltrials.gov. 
Publication Type of study Number of enrolled patients and controls Type of Cancer SA used for treatment Response to treatment-outcome     Patients Controls      . 
Case reports of HCC treatment with SA monotherapy. 
CR , Complete response. 
PR , Partial response. 
QoL , Quality of life. 
SD , Stable disease. 
TN , Tumor necrosis. 
AFP, Alpha fetoprotein. 
Publication Type of study Number of enrolled patients and controls Type of Cancer SA used for treatment Response to treatment-outcome     Patients Controls      . 
Non randomized clinical trials of HCC treatment with SA monotherapy. 
NRCT , Non randomized clinical trial. 
AFP, Alpha fetoprotein. 
S , Survival. 
TACE, Transarterial chemoembolization. 
PR, Partial response. 
SD , Stable disease. 
NS, Not specified. 
QoL , Quality of life. 
* : treated patients. 
# : untreated patients. 
?: TACE treatment. 
?: multimodal therapy. 
†: palliative. 
Publication Type of study Number of enrolled patients and controls Type of Cancer SA used for treatment Response to treatment-outcome     Patients Controls      . 
Randomized clinical trials of HCC treatment with SA monotherapy. 
RCT, Randomized clinical trial. 
AFP, Alpha fetoprotein. 
S , Survival. 
QoL , Quality of life. 
* : treated patients. 
# : untreated patients. 
° : placebo controls. 
Protein Group Change in 3D spheroids. 
HepG2/C3A cells were grown using classical cell culture techniques (2D) or as spheroids in a MC2 Biotek microgravity rotating bioreactor (3D). Comparative protein levels in these two conditions were determined by mass spectrometric analysis of isotope dimethyl labelled proteins. The data is described in the text and full documentation (including extra references) is provided in the supplementary materials. 
Compound IC50 (µM)        MCF-7 HT-29 MOLT-4 HL-60 FGH PBMC IEC-6. 
Cells were treated with increasing concentrations of the substances for 24 h and cell viability was evaluated by MTT assay. Each IC50 value represented mean ± SE of three independent experiments. 
Compound IC50 (µM). 
Cell viability was assessed by the MTT method after 24 h of exposure. The treatment of HepG2 cells with A398 was done in the absence or presence of dexamethasone (inductor CYP3A), ketoconazole (inhibitor CYP3A) or borneol (inhibitor UGTs). In the latter condition, cells were pretreated with 10 µM of dexamethasone (for 24 h) or co-incubated with 15 µM ketoconazole or with 500 µM borneol. Each IC50 value represented mean ± SE of three independent experiments. 
Galactogogue drug Proposed mechanism Doses and dosage form Adverse effects Half-life. 
Pharmacological overview of some galactogogues synthetic drugs. 
Abbreviations: BID, twice daily; TID, three times daily; PO, oral administration; SC, subcutaneous; IM, intramuscular; EM, every milking. 
Herbal galactogogue Proposed mechanism Common doses and dosage form Adverse Effects Half-life. 
Pharmacological overview of some botanical galactogogues. 
Abbreviations: SID, once daily; BID, twice daily; TID, three times daily; PO, oral administration; SC, subcutaneous; IM, intramuscular; IP, intraperitoneal. 
PPI subnetwork y = ?x a R 2 Correlation Clustering coefficient Network centralization Network density. 
Network parameters of the LOXL2-e13-DEGs and LOXL2-WT-DEGs PPI subnetwork. 
Protein Binding partner Motif Reference. 
Examples of proteins which interact with Keap1 or Nrf2. 
Natural agent Trial identifier Phase Cancer type Status. 
Clinical trials involving selected natural agents. 
Natural agent miRNA Regulation Target(s) and function(s) Cancer type Reference. 
Selected miRNAs targeting oncogenes. 
Natural agent miRNA Regulation Target(s) and function(s) Cancer type Reference. 
Selected miRNAs targeting tumour suppressor genes. 
Natural agent miRNA Regulation Target(s) and function(s) Cancer type Reference. 
Selected miRNAs targeting transcription factors. 
Clinicopathological features n MicroRNA-206 expression P -value High Low. 
Correlation between microRNA-206 expression and different clinicopathological features in oral squamous cell carcinoma. 
Note: Data is presented as n (%). 
Abbreviations: N, spread to regional lymph nodes; T, size and/or extent of the primary tumor; TNM, tumor node metastasis. 
Variables Univariate log-rank test ( P -value) Cox multivariable analysis ( P -value) Relative risk. 
Univariate and multivariate analysis of overall survival in 109 patients with oral squamous cell carcinoma. 
Abbreviations: N, spread to regional lymph nodes; T, size and/or extent of the primary tumor; TNM, tumor node metastasis. 
Chromosome Position –log10 (p-value) Reference Allele Variant Allele R2 § MAF §§ Mean Difference Additive Effect (Variant allele) Included in stepwise regression §§§. 
***Significant at 0.01 percentile (4.0E-05). 
**Significant at 0.1 percentile (2.1E-04). 
R2– Calculated using a simple linear regression and is represented as percentage. 
MAF?=?Minor Allele Frequency. 
The markers that have an ‘x’ are included in stepwise regression. All other significant markers are in LD with one of these eight markers. This is the subset of markers around which QTLs were identified, and allelic combinations that have applications for MAS are characterized. 
Gene Model * Chrom Start End Genesymbol * Annotation * Function. 
* Gene Model, gene symbol and annotation obtained from phytozome ( www.phytozome.net/soybean , V8.0). 
Allelic combination § # of genotypes IDC   Minimum Maximum Mean Standard Deviation. 
The order of the markers for the allelic combination are Gm03_45031929, Gm05_8877264, Gm07_6397319, Gm11_530116, Gm16_27300116, Gm17_25859992, Gm18_28141888, and Gm19_40193564. 
Week Water 15? ? L/g AOM 10?mg/kg BJ 15? ? L/g BJ + AOM 1.6? ? L/g + 10?mg/kg BJ + AOM 4.1? ? L/g + 10?mg/kg BJ + AOM 15? ? L/g + 10?mg/kg. 
Weight (g) determined in mice treated with blueberry juice (BJ) and azoxymethane (AOM). 
Values represent the mean ± SD obtained in 8 mice per group. The letters show significant statistical differences as follows: awith respect to the control value (water) in the same week, bwith respect to value in the group treated with AOM in the same week. ANOVA and Student-Newman-Keuls tests, P ? 0.05. 
Group Number of aberrant crypts Mean ± SD 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. 
Aberrant crypts in mice treated with blueberry juice (BJ) and azoxymethane (AOM). 
Values represent the mean ± SD obtained in the colon of 8 mice per group. aStatistically significant with respect to the mean control value and bwith respect to the value of the AOM treated group. ANOVA and Student-Newman-Keuls tests, P ? 0.05. 
Targets of RNAi  Oocytes Only (%) Sperm and Oocytes (%) Sperm Only (%) Other (%) n. 
Caenorhabditis briggsae NURF-1A Controls Germ Cell Fates in Both Sexes. 
aUndifferentiated germ cells, some with vacuoles in the germ line. 
bRNAi was used to simultaneously target the nurf-1.2c , e , and f transcripts. 
cDead eggs. 
Drosophila Homolog Target of RNAi  Oocytes Only (%) Sperm and Oocytes (%) Sperm Only (%) Dead Eggs (%) Dead Larvae (%) n. 
Caenorhabditis briggsae ISW-1 Acts with NURF-1A to Control Germ Cell Fates. 
aTwo animals produced both sperm and oocytes but were sterile. 
Treatment PIP (cmH2O) Vent. Time (min) PaO2 (mmHg) PaCO2 (mmHg) pH Vent. Rate Breaths/min. 
Ventilation parameters and arterial blood gasses for all groups. 
* p < 0.05 vs. NV group; ** p < 0.05 vs. NV and Low PIP group. Vent. = ventilation; PIP = peak inflation pressure. 
FAS-MEDIATED APOPTOSIS SPONTANEOUS APOPTOSIS APOPTOSIS INDUCED BY GLUCOCORTICOIDS REF. 
A summary of the mechanisms involved in the regulation of spontaneous eosinophil apoptosis when compared to extrinsic apoptosis induced by Fas or intrinsic apoptosis induced by glucocorticoids. 
Abbreviations: +++, apoptosis is completely dependent; ++, apoptosis is partially (approximately 50%) dependent or clearly involved in apoptosis; +, minor role in apoptosis; ?, no role in apoptosis; ND, not determined, id, indirect evidence; Bax, Bcl-2-associated X protein; Bid, BH3-interacting domain death agonist; JNK, c-Jun N-terminal kinase; Mst, mammalian sterile 20-like kinase, mPT, mitochondrial permeability transition; ROS, reactive oxygen species. 
EC50 (µM)   HepG2 MDA-MB-231 THP-1 HP-F   3 h 6 h 12 h 18 h 24 h 3 h 6 h 12 h 18 h 24 h 3 h 6 h 12 h 18 h 24 h 24 h. 
Numbers in the parenthesis are SI values, whereas SI?=?EC50 of HP-F cells/EC50 on solid cancer cells. 
Mechanism Gene Fold change of gene expression relative to control Z   Phloridzin-DHA Sorafneib. 
Only the fold changes greater (+ or up-regulation) or lower (? or down-regulation) than 2-fold are presented. 
Locus Symbol Name L15/D L60/D L120/D L240/D. 
The log2 change in expression in the light vs. the dark is given for each time point in the light (15, 60, 120, and 240 min). 
Gene ID ErbB2 blockade Fold Change EGFR blockade Fold Change Gene Name. 
ErbB2+ ErbB2- P value. 
NS, not significant; IDC, invasive ductal carcinoma;. 
ILC, invasive lobular carcinoma. 
Gene Forward Primer (5?-3?) Reverse Primer (5?-3?) Size. 
All the sequences were based on the published data on the National Center for Biotechnology Information followed by the accession number. 
Parameter Mast cells Neurons. 
Comparison of exocytosis in mast cells and neurons . 
aNote that under specific local conditions of stimulation, mast cells are able to deliver SG content within specific zones . 
Patient 1 Patient 2 Patient 3 Patient 4 Patient 5. 
MMR, major molecular response; MinCyR, minimal cytogenetic response; IS, international scale; WBC, white blood cells;. 
6 month; n.d., not detected after 3 months. 
shVector shDAB2IP SF IR (Gy) CDT+IR DER SF IR (Gy) CDT+IR DER. 
SF: surviving fraction; IR; ionizing radiation; CDT: cytolethal distending toxin; DER: dose enhancement ratio. 
Tumor ID MAX IC50 Shift Cisplatin IC50 (?M). 
IC50 values for cisplatin calculated from in vitro human primary tumor experiments and the maximum shift in IC50 value for cisplatin in the presence of VX-970. 
Types of thyroid cancers, prevalence, and associated genetic profiles. 
*Gene mutations unique to poorly differentiated and undifferentiated (anaplastic) thyroid carcinomas. 
Adapted from Nikiforov and Nikiforova 2011 [ 4 ]. 
Score Specimen HER2 overexpression assessment. 
Consensus panel recommendations for HER2 scoring in gastric/esophageal cancer. 
Study Control arm Trastuzumab arm Reduction in relative risk of recurrence DFS hazard ratio. 
Five pivotal trials for adjuvant trastuzumab in breast cancer. 
NSABP, National Surgical Adjuvant Breast and Bowel Project; NCCTG, North Central Cancer Treatment Group; HERA, Herceptin Adjuvant Trial; BCIRG, Breast Cancer International Research Group; FINHer, Finland Herceptin Study. A, doxorubicin; C, cyclophosphamide; D, docetaxel; E, epirubicin; F, fluorouracil; H, trastuzumab; T, paclitaxel; V, vinorelbine; DFS, disease-free survival. 
Papillary carcinoma 81.2% (n = 82) Follicular carcinoma 18.8% (n = 19). 
Demographic and pathological characteristics of the patients. 
Expression rate PTEN; n (%) mTOR; n (%) P85; n (%). 
Expression rates of PTEN, m TOR and p85. 
Expression rate LVI, n (%) p Multifocality, n (%) p CI, n (%) p    + – + – + –. 
Comparison of PTEN, mTOR and p85 by pathological characteristics. 
K-ras p      wild mutant . 
Comparison of Kras mutation by pathological characteristics. 
Spot No. Accession No Description Mr pI Nitrated Peptide Ion Score E-value Ion Precursor Ion Charge. 
Nitration (indicated by *) sites are shown in the identified peptide sequence. Six proteins were positively identified as nitrated proteins with the exceeded significance threshold for the required sequence database. 
Six or more café-au-lait macules >5mm in greatest diameter in prepubertal individuals, and >15mm in postpubertal individuals. 
Two or more neurofibromas of any type or one plexiform neurofibroma. 
Freckling in the axillary or inguinal regions. 
Optic glioma. 
Two or more iris hamartoma (Lisch nodules). 
Distinctive bony lesion such as sphenoid dysplasia, or thinning of the long bone cortex with or without pseudoarthrosis. 
A first-degree relative (parent, sibling or offspring) with NF1 based on the above criteria. 
Mechanisms of Tumour Suppression Reported. 
Downregulation of Ras. 
Positive regulation of adenyl cyclase (AC). 
Pro-apoptotic effect (ras-dependent and ras-independent). 
Regulation of cell adhesion and motility. 
Suppression of epithelial mesenchymal transition (EMT). 
Suppression of heat shock factor (HSF). 
Tumour Type Associated with NF1 Age category Frequency Mechanism(s) Differences compared to sporadic tumours References. 
Cell line tumorigenicity G0/G1 S G2/M >G2/M siCTR siCDT2 siCTR siCDT2 siCTR siCDT2 siCTR siCDT2. 
The percentage of cells in each phase of the cell cycle is shown. Cell cycle analysis was carried out by labelling cells with propidium iodide (PI) after 72 hour long CDT2 silencing and evaluating the PI content in each cell with cytometer. 
MSI-diploid MSS-diploid MSS-aneuploid  MSI vs MSS Characteristic n (n=33) a (n=110) a (n=24) a p-value p-value *. 
from binary logistic regression by comparing the MSI and MSS groups. 
n (%), unless otherwise specified. 
% in the specified category. 
% in diploid group. 
% in MSS group. 
mean ± SD. 
median (range). 
cases with uncomplete pregnancy were unknown. 
calculated as age of menopause or age at diagnoses for premenopausal women - age of menarche - number of births * 1.125 ns = non significant. 
p=0.096. 
ER=estrogen receptor; PgR=progesterone receptor. 
p-values below 0.05 are in bold type. 
Whole series 1 Diploid tumors MSS tumors Whole series 2  (No. of patients = 155) (No. of patients = 136) (No. of patients = 125) (No. of patients = 155)  (No. of events = 32) (No. of events = 25) (No. of events = 20) (No. of events = 32) Characteristic HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value. 
MS status and ploidy were added separately to the basic model. 
MS status and ploidy were added at the same time to the basic model. 
Reference category. 
HR (95%CI) = hazard ratio (95% confidence interval). 
Whole series 1 Diploid tumors MSS tumors Whole series 2  (No. of patients = 164) (No. of patients = 140) (No. of patients = 132) (No. of patients = 164)  (No. of events = 35) (No. of events = 24) (No. of events = 21) (No. of events = 35) Characteristic HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value. 
MS status and ploidy were added separately to the basic model. 
MS status and ploidy were added at the same time to the basic model. 
Reference category. 
HR (95%CI) = hazard ratio (95% confidence interval). 
Disease-free survival Cancer-specific survival  Whole series Diploid tumors Whole series Diploid tumors  (No. of patients = 85) (No. of patients = 73) (No. of patients = 89) (No. of patients = 74)  (No. of events = 25) (No. of events = 19) (No. of events = 25) (No. of events = 17) Characteristic HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value HR (95%CI) Wald ?2 p-value. 
Reference category. 
HR (95%CI) = hazard ratio (95% confidence interval). 
Peptide Rank Start Position Sequence Score Predicted Affinity. 
Prediction of binding affinity of TAP binder by TAPPred in TGF?L3-SEB fusion protein. 
There was only one additional TAP binding sequence in TGF?L3-SEB fusion protein, belonged to ligand part in comparison with SEB protein. 
Position Sequence aff aff_rescale cle Tap COMB. 
NetCTL-1.2 predictions using MHC supertype A1. Threshold 0.750000. TGF?L3-SEB fusion protein, Number of MHC ligands 15 identified. Number of peptides 256. There were no differences between epitopes identified in SEB protein (data not shown) and TGF?L3-SEB fusion protein. 
Peptide Rank Start Position Sequence Score MHC Restriction. 
MHC Restriction of CTL Epitope prediction by CTLpred based on Artificial Neural Network in TGF?L3. 
Peptide logscore affinity(nM) Binding Level. 
Predictions of MHC-binding peptide affinity for the SEB and TGF?L3-SEB construct by NetMHC version 3.0. Server using ANNs approximation. Strong binder threshold score 50 nM. Weak-binder threshold score 500 nM. (HLA-A0211, HLA-B1517, HLA-A8001, HLA-A0212, HLA-A0211, HLA-A2902, HLA-A2403). There were no differences between SEB and TGF?L3-SEB fusion protein in binding to MHC. 
Rank Sequence At position Score. 
MHC Class-II Binding Peptide Prediction in TGF?L3-SEB fusion protein Results with 51 alleles query by Propred I online server. There were no differences between SEB (data not shown) and TGF?L3-SEB fusion protein in binding to MHC Class-II. (ALLELE: DRB1_0701, ALLELE: DRB1_1502, ALLELE: DRB1_0301, ALLELE: DRB1_1501, ALLELE: DRB1_0301, ALLELE: DRB1_0817, ALLELE: DRB1_0817, ALLELE: DRB1_1501). 
Trial identifier Phase Status Patients Drug(s) Results. 
Pediatric clinical trials with FLT3 inhibitors: recently completed or ongoing studies . 
Trial information from www.clinicaltrials.gov referenced July, 2014 . 
Mutation Disease Therapy Reference Validated in vitro. 
Acquired point mutations in FLT3-ITD patients after FLT3 inhibitor therapy . 
lapatinib gefitinib dasatinib vinblastine vinorelbine. 
Cancer Type EGFR expression HER-2 expression Approved Targeted Therapy. 
Overview of indications for approved targeted therapies against EGFR and HER-2. 
Attenuated markers Enhanced markers. 
List of EMT markers that either decrease or increase in podocytes upon treatment with GH and TGF-?1 . 
Clinical pathological features Number of cases Expression of TIPE2 P value       *Low High  . 
Relationship of TIPE2 expression of HCC and clinical pathological parameters of patients. 
*Low: final pathological score of TIPE2 expression as 0, +1. 
High: final pathological score of TIPE2 expression as +2, +3. 
Organs or tissue Metastasis rate   Mock TIPE2. 
Metastasis rate of orthotopic transplanted HCC in different organs or tissure. 
Gene Function Cellular localization Genetic evidence Reference. 
Description of genes selected for short-hairpin (sh)RNA knockdown and linkage to ASD. 
Gene GenBank accession number shRNA target sequence TaqMan assay ID. 
shRNA sequences used for knockdown experiments. 
Gene Gene description Fold-change     Fmr1 Mecp2 Mef2a Mef2d Nlgn1 Nlgn3 Pten Shank3. 
Autism spectrum disorder interactome genes significantly altered by three or more shRNA treatments. 
  ASD gene count Fmr1 Mecp2 Mef2a Mef2d Nlgn1 Nlgn3 Pten Shank3 Biogroup   Up Down Up Down Up Down Up down Up Down Up Down Up Down Up Down. 
Canonical pathways in NextBio that were significantly enriched following ASD gene-targeted shRNA constructs, but not affected by luciferase shRNA. 
Description Blank pathway ranking Fmr1 pathway ranking Mef2a pathway ranking Mef2d pathway ranking Mecp2 pathway ranking Nlgn1 pathway ranking Nlgn3 pathway ranking Pten pathway ranking Shank3 pathway ranking Pathway count Average ranking. 
Ingenuity pathways that were significantly enriched in multiple ASD short-hairpin (sh)RNA knockdown experiments. 
Proteins k obs (min-1)a k obs ratiob   - DNA + DNAc . 
Observed kinetic constants for 2TX-induced Zn release of ZnF-containing H2TH DNA glycosylases. 
a Mean values of three independent experiments (±SD). b k obs ratio = k obs (+DNA)/ k obs (-DNA). c 14-mer THF-DNA (Supplementary Figure S2). See also the caption of Figure 3 . 
  MNCs MDA-MB-231 Bcap-37 MCF-7 HBL-100 ZR-75-30. 
The ratio of the integrated optical density (IOD) of ASPP family members and ?-actin in BC cell lines. 
vs MNCs, *P?<?0.05. 
Cell lines Apoptosis index. 
Apoptosis index of BC cell lines (%, x ¯ ±s). 
*vs Bcap-37?MCF-7? HBL-100 and MNCs, (P?<?0.01). 
Cell lines Apoptosis index. 
Apoptosis index of BC cell lines after transfected p53 RNAi (%, x ¯ ±s). 
  Sense primer Anti-sense primer Product size. 
Primers of amplified ASPP family members. 
Plasma inflammatory cytokines and adipokines in HFD and db/db mice treated with corresponding interventions. 
Values represent mean?±?SEM, n?=?12 – 14. 
*p?<?0.05, **p?<?0.01 compared with the CT group. †p?<?0.05 compared with the ViL group. 
The numbers in parenthesis indicate p values. 
Tissue type Cell line Lenvatinib IC501 ( ? M) T/N2. 
In vitro antiproliferative activity of lenvatinib against human thyroid cancer cells. 
1The half maximal inhibitory concentration. 
2T/N: ratio of IC50 values of thyroid cancer cell lines to that of Nthy-ori 3-1 cells. 
3DTC: differentiated thyroid cancer. 
4MTC: medullary thyroid cancer. 
5ATC: anaplastic thyroid cancer. 
Tissue type Cell line VEGFR2i1 FGFRi FGFRi KITi PDGFi Sorafenib PD166866 PD173074 Glivec Ki6783 IC503 ( ? M) T/N4 IC503 ( ? M) T/N4 IC503 ( ? M) T/N4 IC503 ( ? M) T/N4 IC503 ( ? M) T/N4. 
In vitro antiproliferative activity of selective receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors against human DTC cells. 
1Inhibitor. 
2Differentiated thyroid cancer. 
3IC50: the half maximal inhibitory concentration. 
4T/N ratio of IC50 values of thyroid cancer cell lines to that of Nthy-ori 3-1 cells. 
Reference microRNA Patients Prognosis Endpoint. 
Potential prognostic miRs for ovarian cancer, which are significant in multivariate analysis (modified from [ 27 ]). 
EOC: epithelial ovarian cancer; SAC: serous adenocarcinoma; OS: overall survival; DFS: disease-free survival; PFS: progression-free survival; RFS: recurrent-free survival. 
Reference Sample Elevated miR Decreased miR Tumor histology ( n ) Control ( n ). 
Potential diagnostic miRs for ovarian cancer. 
SAC: serous adenocarcinoma; CAC: clear cell adenocarcinoma; EAC: endometrioid adenocarcinoma; MAC: mucinous adenocarcinoma; BOA: benign ovarian adenoma; HC: healthy control; EM: endometriosis. 
miRNA ? Target gene Cellular function Ovarian cancer cell line Reference. 
Potential therapeutic miRs for ovarian cancer. 
CAFs: cancer associated fibroblasts; EMT: epithelial-mesenchymal transition; DCs: dendritic cells; EOC: epithelial ovarian cancer; EAC: endometrioid adenocarcinoma; CAC: clear cell adenocarcinoma; SAC: serous adenocarcinoma. 
Sequence status Cell membrane Cytoplasm Nucleus Periplasm Secreted Total. 
Subcellular locations of cellulases in UniProtKB according to the sequence status. 
Cell Cell membrane Cytoplasm Nucleus Periplasm Secreted Total. 
Subcellular locations of cellulases in UniProtKB according to cell types. 
Organism Secretory pathway Description. 
List of general secretory pathways in different organisms. 
Dataset Number of signature genes Number of genes mapped to microarray Reference. 
Principal component analysis from different 4 studies. 
All human gene symbols were translated to their homologues in mouse using MammalHom ( http://depts.washington.edu/l2l/mammalhom.html ) and then mapped to the microarray annotation. aRMS, alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma; eRMS, embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma; RMS, rhabdomyosarcoma. 
Author, reference, year Drug/s Tumor target Molecular mechanisms of action Results. 
All preclinical studies mentioned above that have considered gabexate mesylate. 
MMPs, Metalloproteinases; uPA, urokinase-type plasminogen activator; wt, wild-type; mut, mutated; TAT, Tumor-associated trypsinogen; PAT, Pancreatic acinar trypsinogen; TGF- ? 1, Tumor growth factor-beta1; VEGF, Vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Author, reference, year Drug/s Tumor target Molecular mechanisms of action Results. 
All studies mentioned above that have considered nafamostat mesylate. 
PAR-2, Protease-activated receptor-2; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; COX, cyclooxygenase; IL, Interleukin; GM-CSF, Granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor; TAT, Tumor-associated trypsinogen; IkB, Inhibitor of NF- ? B; NF- ? B, Nuclear factor-kappaB; MMPs, metalloproteinases; uPA, urokinase-type plasminogen activator; ICAM-1, Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1, VEGF, Vascular endothelial growth factor, IAP, Inhibitors of apoptosis. 
Author, reference, year Drug/s Tumor target Molecular mechanisms of action Results. 
All studies mentioned above that have considered tranilast. 
TGF- ? 1, Tumor growth factor-beta1, MMPs, metalloproteinases; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase uPA, PARP, poly ADP-ribose polymerase; urokinase-type plasminogen activator; AKT1, RAC-alpha serine/threonine-protein kinase; ERK, Extracellular regulated kinase 2; VEGF, Vascular endothelial growth factor; RRM1, Ribonucleotide reductase M1. 
  Flux per cell versus proliferation rate Flux per cell versus protein synthesis rate Flux per cell volume versus proliferation rate PCC P PCC P PCC P. 
Correlation of exchange fluxes with proliferation rate and protein synthesis rate. 
Correlations between the exchange fluxes of amino acids, lactate and glucose and the predicted flux of selected reactions, with either the protein synthesis rate per cell, the proliferation rate, or the proliferation rate after normalizing by cell volume. PCC , Pearson correlation coefficient; P , associated statistical significance; PPPox, oxidative branch of the pentose phosphate pathway; PSAT, phosphoserine transaminase PC, pyruvate carboxylase; ?-KG, ?-ketoglutarate. Values in bold indicate significance below P <0.05. 
Genes Normal Lung AD SQ COID SCLC. 
Differentially regulated genes between each diagnostic group versus the rest ( p ?<?0.05) . 
Up, upregulated; Down, downregulated; AD, adenocarcinoma; SQ, squamous cell carcinoma; COID, carcinoids; SCLC, small-cell lung cancer . 
Symbol Correlation Adjusted p -value <0.05. 
Genes significantly correlated with primary lung adenocarcinoma tumor size . 
Positive correlation implies higher expression in larger tumors . 
Lung cancer CGA (%) CHGA , AUC CK5 (%) KRT5 , AUC p63/p40 (%) TP63 , AUC SNP (%) SYP , AUC TTF1 (%) NKX2–1/TTF1, AUC. 
Immunomarker occurrence expressed as percentage of cases in lung adenocarcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma, small-cell carcinoma, and carcinoid . 
aPredominantly focal reactions. 
bp40 virtually negative in adenocarcinoma . 
Values are based on recent large studies [Ref. ( 24 – 30 )]. For each immunomarker protein, the diagnostic power of the respective gene (expressed in terms of AUC) is reported in blue . 
CGA, chromogranin A; CHGA, CGA gene; CK5, cytokeratin 5; KRT5, CK5 gene; p63/p40, tumor protein p63/isoform of p63; TP63, p63 gene; SNP, synaptophysin; TTF1, thyroidea transcription factor 1; NKX2-1, TTF1 encoding gene; NKX2-2, homolog of NKX2; D, downregulated; U, upregulated; ND, not differentially expressed; COID, carcinoids; AD, adenocarcinoma; SCLC, small-cell lung cancer; SQ, squamous cell lung cancer . 
Genes NER BER NHEJ HR MMR. 
Differential expression for each tumor type versus rest in KEGG pathways related to DNA repair . 
For each pathway, only the overexpressed genes are shown. Genes that are common between several lung cancer subtypes are in bold. The mesothelioma results are based on mesothelioma versus parietal pleura (see Materials and Methods ) . 
BER, base excision repair; HR, homologous recombination; MMR, mismatch repair; NER, nucleotide excision repair; NHEJ, non-homologous end joining; NOR, normal lung tissue; COID, carcinoids; AD, adenocarcinoma; SCLC, small-cell lung cancer; SQ, squamous cell lung cancer; MESO, mesothelioma . 
Uremic toxins  LC50 Values (95% Confidence Interval) PRV (µM) SIM (µM). 
LC50 values for statins in differentiated RD cells treated with uremic toxins. 
Notes: SIM, simvastatin; PRV, pravastatin; CMPF, 3-carboxy-4-methyl-5-propyl-2-furanpropionate. * Non-overlapping 95% confidence intervals, vs. untreated cells; † Non-overlapping 95% confidence intervals, vs. unbound serum concentrations. 
LC50 Values (95% Confidence Interval) PRV (µM) PRV (µM) + Mevalonate (µM) SIM (µM) SIM (µM) + Mevalonate (µM). 
LC50 values for statins with and without mevalonate in differentiated RD cells treated with uremic toxins. 
Notes: PRV, pravastatin; SIM, simvastatin. * Non-overlapping 95% confidence intervals, vs. untreated cells; N.C., not Calculated. 
miRNA Fold change miRNA Fold change miRNA Fold change. 
Target gene Fold change Target gene Fold change Target gene Fold change. 
Target gene Fold change Target gene Fold change Target gene Fold change. 
Pathway MAPP name Enrichment Score. 
Notes. 
Gray indicates downregulated target genes in the KEGG pathway. 
In differentially expressed genes, 15 miRNA target genes were enriched into T cell receptor (TCR) signaling pathway ( Fig. 3 ). 
Trial and regimen N Treatment setting Overall response rate, % P -value Median progression-free survival, months Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval), P -value Median overall survival, months Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval), P -value Reference. 
Clinical efficacy data of randomized phase 2 studies of selumetinib in melanoma. 
Abbreviation: NS, not significant. 
Trial and regimen Phase Treatment setting Mutation criteria Primary endpoint N. 
Ongoing clinical trials of selumetinib. 
Abbreviations: PFS, progression-free survival; ORR, overall response rate. 
WT NLS-Trx1 Tg. 
Class 3 semaphorin Organ/tissue/cell type Levels in patient samples and/or function References. 
Summary of class 3 semaphorin functions in cancer models and in cell types that influence tumor growth. 
Pathway Count P-value Proteins Fold Enrichment Bonferroni Benjamini FDR. 
The list of significantly differentiating proteins between MCC and carcinoid tumors of the lung was imported into the DAVID functional annotation web-tool. The proteins identified in signaling pathways from the KEGG database are listed. 
Protein Name Gene symbol PMID. 
The protein name, gene symbol, accession number, and PubMed identifier (PMID) for the journal linking the protein to a particular signaling pathway are listed for each protein. 
Comparison (Gy) Upregulated miRNAs Downregulated miRNAs. 
Number of significantly differentially expressed miRNAs in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells exposed to varying doses of 60Co radiation (absolute fold change ? 1; FDR < 0.05). 
Dose (Gy) miRNA Fold change Target gene Fold change. 
Putative and validated interactions between the differentially expressed microRNAs and gene candidates specific to each dose of 60Co radiation. 
aExperimentally validated miRNA-gene interaction as identified by miRWalk. 
bmiRNA-gene interaction predicted by at least four out of the five selected miRNA target prediction databases. 
cmiRNA-gene interaction predicted by miRTar; the complete gene list is provided in Supplementary Material 1 (see Supplementary Material available online at http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2014/456323 ). 
microRNA Pathway Genes P value. 
Enriched KEGG pathways associated with specific miRNA-gene interactions under 1?Gy of 60Co radiation exposure. 
miRNAs Expression in lung cancer Cellular processes affected and targets Reference. 
Principal miRNAs involved in lung carcinogenesis. 
? Type of particles Advantages Disadvantages Reference. 
Strategies for in vivo miRNA delivery. 
Protein name Accession MW (kDa) pI C/T fold change Protein score Sequence coverage (%) No. of peptides matched Protein function ( www.uniprot.org ). 
Database IPI human v3.12; MS/MS ion search, peptide mass tolerance: ±10 ppm, fragment mass tolerance: ±0.8 Da, enzyme: trypsin, variable modifications: carbamidomethyl (C), oxidation (M), max missed cleavages: 2; Appeared upon treatment (AT). 
S. No Significant networks. 
The most significant networks, pathways and molecular functions are summarized. 
Tumor ID Age/Gender Tumor location TNM-Stage UICC stage Tumor type Molecular type Molecular alterations APC TP53 KRAS BRAF PIK3CA PTEN. 
Clinical and pathological characteristics of patients and HROC cell lines. 
f: female, m: male, spStd : sporadic standard, spMSI: sporadic microsatellite instable, CIMP-L: CpG island methylator phenotype, and L : low, H : high. ?Xenograft-derived cell line. 
? Vemurafenib ( µ M) Perifosine ( µ M) Regorafenib ( µ M) Trametinib (nM). 
IC50 values of vemurafenib, perifosine, regorafenib, and trametinib (BrdU incorporation assay). 
#: no inhibitory effects on BrdU incorporation under experimental conditions. 
Criteria Grade 0 Grade 1 Grade 2. 
Substrate Function Consequences of phosphorylation. 
Known p38 ? MAPK substrates and their biochemical functions. 
AP1: activator protein 1; ATF2: activating transcription factor 2; C/EBP: CCAAT (cytosine-cytosine-adenosine-adenosine-thymidine)-enhancer-binding protein; myb: myeloblastosis; eEF2K: eukaryotic elongation factor 2 kinase; eEF2: eukaryotic elongation factor 2; PHAS-1: phosphorylated heat- and acid-stable protein 1; PRKD1: protein kinase D 1; SAP: serum response factor accessory protein; eIF4E: eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E. 
Strain Description References. 
gene ratio VA(+)/VA(?)  HuH-7 HeLa. 
Each mRNA level in the HuH-7 cells and HeLa cells was quantified using qPCR, and the ratio of the expression level in FG AdV infected cells (VA (+)) compared with that in VA-deleted AdV infected cells (VA (?)) was calculated. 
  Expression Clinical outcome Mechanism Reference. 
Abbreviations: ?=upregulated; ?=downregulated; Akt=protein kinase B; CLAS=classical subtype; CTL=cytotoxic T-lymphocyte; DLL=delta-like ligand; EGFR=epidermal growth factor receptor; FAK=focal adhesion kinase; FGFR=fibroblast growth factor receptor; GSC=glioma stem cell; HLA=human leukocyte antigen; MAPK=mitogen-activated protein kinase; MES=mesenchymal subtype; miR=microRNA; Notch=neurogenic locus notch homologue protein; Phos=phosphorylation; PW=pathway; R-Ras=ras-related protein; Rac=ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate; VEGFR=vascular endothelial growth factor receptor. 
miRNA Expression Confirmed targets Known Functions Effects on HBV transcription and replication Reference. 
Dysregulated miRNAs involved in HBV infection. 
(+): promotion; (-): inhibition; Up: upregulated; Down: downregulated; CCL22: chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 22; STAT1: signal transducer and activator of transcription 1; SOCS1: suppressor of cytokine signaling 1; C/EBP: CCAAT/enhancer binding protein; LKB1: liver kinase B1; PAK4: p21 protein (Cdc42/Rac)-activated kinase 4; mTOR: mechanistic target of rapamycin; AIFM3: apoptosis-inducing factor- mitochondrion-associated 3; PPAR?: peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha; NFIB: nuclear factor I/B; HO-1: heme oxygenase-1; HDAC: histone deacetylase; DNMT: DNA methyltransferase; ER?: estrogen receptor; TNFAIP3: tumor necrosis factor alpha-induced protein 3; HBXIP: hepatitis B virus x interacting protein; n/a: not available. 
miRNA Expression Confirmed targets Upstream regulators Involvement in cellular process Reference. 
Aberrantly expressed miRNAs in HBV-related hepatocellular carcinoma and their cellular targets. 
(+): promotion; (-): inhibition; Up: upregulated; Down: downregulated; HMGA2: high mobility group AT-hook 2; E2F1: E2F transcription factor 1; HPIP: pre-B cell leukemia transcription factor-interacting protein; NCOR2: nuclear co-repressor 2; STAT3: signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; NGF: nerve growth factor; PTEN: phosphatase and tensin homolog; HDAC: histone deacetylase; ADAM: disintegrin and metalloprotease; PBF: pituitary tumor-transforming gene 1 binding factor; IGF1R: insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor; NDGR3: N-myc downstream-regulated gene; CDKN1A: cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1A; ER?: estrogen receptor; PDCD4: programmed cell death 4; PAK4: p21 protein (Cdc42/Rac)-activated kinase 4; mTOR: mechanistic target of rapamycin; DNMT: DNA methyltransferase; TNFAIP3: tumor necrosis factor alpha-induced protein 3; API-5: apoptosis inhibitor 5; CCL22: chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 22; uPA: urokinase-type plasminogen activator; FNDC3B: fibronectin type III domain containing 3B; PPP2R2A: protein phosphatase 2A subunit B; SOX6: sex-determining region Y box 6; n/a: not available. 
CLL NBC Gene Symbol Fold Change† Gene Symbol Fold Change†. 
(†) Mean fold change for comparison IL-4 vs Ctrl. 
Genes in bold characters: significantly higher in CLL or NBC for both comparisons (IL-4 vs Pre and IL-4 vs Ctrl). 
Gene Symbol Fold change† R-coefficient p-value. 
(†) Mean fold change for comparison IL-4 vs Ctrl. 
Characteristics Cases (n?=?193) Controls (n?=?194) P value. 
Abbreviations: PCa ?=? prostate cancer; BMI ?=? body mass index; AJCC ?=? American Joint Committee on Cancer; PSA ?=? prostate-specific antigen. 
Data were defined according to Chinese Dietary Reference Intake levels [22] . 
Data of AJCC stage were classified by the 7th AJCC staging system; Data were not available for 3 cases. 
Data of Gleason score were not available for 4 cases. 
mtDNA copy number a Cases (%) Controls (%) OR (95% CI) b P value. 
Abbreviations: PCa ?=? prostate cancer; OR ?=? odds ratio; mtDNA ?=? mitochondrial DNA; CI ?=? confidence intervals. 
mtDNA copy number was grouped based on the median/quartile value of controls. 
Analyses were performed using unconditional models adjusted for age, body mass index, daily dietary fat intake, smoking status and family history of PCa. 
Variable Cases, No. a Controls, No. a OR (95%CI) b P value  High Low High Low  . 
Abbreviations: PCa ?=? prostate cancer; mtDNA ?=? mitochondrial DNA; OR ?=? odds ratio; CI ?=? confidence intervals; BMI ?=? body mass index. 
Cases and controls were dichotomized based on the median mtDNA copy number in controls. 
Analyses were performed using unconditional models adjusted for age, BMI, daily dietary fat intake, smoking status and family history of PCa where appropriate. 
The three categories of low, moderate and high are defined in Table 1 . 
Variable No. of patients (%) mtDNA copy number, median (interquartile range) P. 
Abbreviations: mtDNA ?=? mitochondrial DNA; PCa ?=? prostate cancer; PSA ?=? prostate-specific antigen; AJCC ?=? American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
Data of AJCC stage were classified by the 7th AJCC staging system; data were not available for 3 cases. 
Data of Gleason score were not available for 4 cases. 
Variable mtDNA high, No. (%) a mtDNA low, No. (%) a OR (95% CI) b P value. 
Abbreviations: mtDNA ?=? mitochondrial DNA; PCa ?=? prostate cancer; OR ?=? odds ratio; CI ?=? confidence intervals; PSA ?=? prostate-specific antigen; AJCC ?=? American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
mtDNA copy number was grouped based on the median mtDNA copy number in controls. 
Analyses were performed using unconditional models adjusted for age, PSA level, AJCC stage and Gleason score where appropriate. 
Data of AJCC stage were classified by the 7th AJCC staging system; data were not available for 3 cases. 
Data of Gleason score were not available for 4 cases. 
No. Diagnosis Phase of CML at sample procurement Mutation besides Ph Bcr- Abl Additional mutations Treatment after initial diagnosis Treatment at relapse Time Sample Acquired. 
Details of patient diagnosis and treatment. 
Treatment duration Expression a Ratio b P-value. 
Heat shock protein 90 expression in VEGF-C treated HeLa cells. 
Mean ± SD;. 
relative to the control (0 h);. 
P<0.05, compared with the control;. 
P<0.05, compared with the previous time-point. 
VEGF-C, vascular endothelial growth factor-C. 
Treatment Expression a Ratio b P-value. 
Effect of inhibitors of various signaling pathways on the induction of heat shock protein 90 by VEGF-C. 
Mean ± SD;. 
relative to the control;. 
P<0.05, compared with the control;. 
P<0.05, compared with VEGF-C treatment. 
VEGF-C, vascular endothelial growth factor-C; GA, geldanamycin. 
Proliferation Early apoptosis index    Treatment Absorbance a Proliferation index P-value Apoptosis index a Relative ratio b P-value. 
Effect of VEGF-C and GA on the proliferation and apoptosis of HeLa cells. 
Mean ± SD;. 
relative to the control;. 
P<0.05, compared with the control;. 
P<0.05, compared with VEGF-C treatment. 
VEGF-C, vascular endothelial growth factor-C; GA, geldanamycin. 
Bcl-2 Bax Bcl-2/Bax Cyclin D1      Treatment Expression a Ratio P-value Expression a Ratio P-value Expression a Ratio P-value Expression a Ratio P-value. 
Effect of GA on Bcl-2, Bax and cyclin D1 protein expression induced by VEGF-C. 
Mean ± SD;. 
P<0.05, compared with the control;. 
P<0.05, compared with VEGF-C treatment. 
V, vascular endothelial growth factor-C (VEGF-C); GA, geldanamycin; Bcl-2, B-cell lymphoma 2; Bax, Bcl-2-associated X protein. 
Variable Sham ( n = 7–10) RIR ( n = 8–11) RIR + Dex ( n = 6–10) ANOVA P -value. 
Effects of dexmedetomidine treatment on serum biochemistry in rats with kidney I/R injury. 
Sham denotes sham-operated rats; RIR, rats with renal I/R injury; Dex, rats with I/R injury treated with dexmedetomidine at dose 10 ? g/kg i.v. Means ± SEM are given, n = 6–11 in each group. 
P < 0.05 vs. Sham;. 
P < 0.05 vs. RIR. 
The enriched KEGG pathways among all regulated genes. 
Cell line ADM IC50, ?g/ml Resistance index. 
ADM IC50 in SMMC7721, SMMC7721/ADM, BEL7402 and BEL7402/ADM cells. 
P<0.05 vs. SMMC7721;. 
P<0.05 vs. BEL7402. 
IC50, half maximal inhibitory concentration; ADM, Adriamycin. 
Cell line/treatment ADM IC50, ?g/ml Reverse-fold. 
ADM IC50 in hepatocellular carcinoma multidrug-resistant cells treated with PD98059, sorafenib and CsA. 
P<0.05 vs. SMMC7721/ADM;. 
P<0.05 vs. BEL7402/ADM. 
IC50, half maximal inhibitory concentration; ; CsA, cyclosporine A; ADM, Adriamycin. 
Gene Name Symbol Regulation of Gene Expression (x?Fold vs Control). 
Transcriptional Targets of NFAT5 in Stretch?Stimulated HUASMCs. 
The indicated values represent the degree of up? or down?regulation of gene products in stretch?stimulated (24 hours) HUASMCs transfected with control or NFAT5?specific siRNA ( P <0.005 for all gene products listed, with highlighted p?values as follows: RARB P =0.00212; ACTBL2 P =0.000754; TNC=0.0005; JAM3 P =0.002799; CPT1A P =0.00006699; n=3). Gene products printed in bold have been verified by at least one other method of detection. The NFAT5 knockdown efficiency (see Figure 6 ) of each sample was separately verified by RT?PCR analysis. HUASMC indicates human arterial smooth muscle cells; NFAT5, nuclear factor of activated T?cells 5; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; RT, reverse transcription. 
Start End Core Similarity Matrix Similarity Sequence Matrix. 
In Silico Tenascin?C Promotor Analysis. 
There are 7 putative NFAT5 binding sites in the human tenascin?C promotor as evidenced by in silico analysis of the first 3512 bp of the promoter sequence upstream of the transcription start site (C). The maximum core similarity (core similarity of 1.0) is only reached when the highest conserved bases of a matrix are exactly matched by the sequence (cf. capitals in the sequence). A good match to the matrix has a similarity of >0.80 (matrix similarity).ChIP indicates chromatin immune?precipitation; NFAT5, nuclear factor of activated T?cells 5. 
Protein Neurodegenerative disease. 
Dysregulated Rho family GTPase signaling in neurodegenerative disease. 
Gene name Forward primer Reverse Primer. 
Res-End End-Res P value. 
Mean ± SD. 
Epor Ptpn11D61Y. 
Peripheral blood from Epor (n?=?18) and Ptpn11 D61Y mice (n?=?25) was analyzed by Hemavet 950F. Data are presented as means ± SD; (* p <0.05, by ANOVA). 
Epor Ptpn11 D61Y. 
Frequencies and absolute numbers of BM erythroid cells from Epor (n?=?6) and Ptpn11 D61Y mice (n?=?9) mice. Data are presented as means ± SD (* p <0.05, by ANOVA). 
Authors or protocol ID Sample size Interventions Targeted disease Response rate. 
Clinical trials of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitors for the treatment of cervical neoplasia. 
Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia;. 
Active clinical trials (available at http://clinicaltrials.gov ). 
Adverse effects Meta-analysis Comparison Relative risk * with 95% CI Control Intervention. 
Cardiovascular adverse effect of selective cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitors by meta-analysis. 
A ratio of the probability of the event occurring in the interventiongroup versus the control group;. 
non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke or cardiovascular death;. 
including rofecoxib, celecoxib, etoricoxib, lumiracoxib and valdecoxib;. 
placebo and NSAIDs;. 
Death due to cardiovascular events;. 
fatal or non-fatal myocardial infarction;. 
fatal or non-fatal thrombotic or hemorrhagic stroke. 
Gene Target miRNA Gene ID Accession No. 
Post-transcriptional regulatory microRNAs for prognostic factors in epithelial-derived ovarian cancer in chickens. 
Two dimensional structures of the constituents used in the study. 
Protein Binding affinity Kcal/mol Control Pheophorbide A Pheophorbide A? Pyropheophorbide A 1-Hexadecene Hexadecanoic acid. 
Binding affinity values obtained for the control and test ligands. 
Oncogenes Role in autophagy Evidences of oncogenesis Reference. 
Summary of oncogenes and tumor suppressors involved in autophagy regulation. 
Cancer type Therapy Phase Status Protocol ID. 
Summary of clinical trials involving autophagy inhibitors (chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine) for cancer treatment (data obtained from http://www.cancer.gov/clinicaltrials ). 
miRNA HepG2 transfected with HBx plasmid (1 ?g DNA) HepG2 transfected with HBx plasmid (2 ?g DNA). 
The fold changes (log 2 values) during down regulation of miRNA- 21, miRNA- 222 and miRNA-145 in HBx transfected HepG2 cells compared to HepG2 cells transfected with empty expression vector. 
Fibroblast markers Ref. Activation (aggressive) markers Ref. 
Summary of the markers for cancer associated fibroblasts. 
Study [Ref#] PMID Sample Main Results PI3K   . 
Genetic alterations and activities of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway in gastric carcinoma. 
Therapeutic Agent Target Clinical Trial Efficacy Year Ref. 
Clinical trials investigating target agents for gastric carcinoma. 
PFS, progression free survival; OS, overall survival. 
Study Number of Patients Technique Classification Positivity (%). 
Prevalence of MET amplification and increased MET gene copy number (GCN) in NSCLC. 
FISH, fluorescence in situ hybridization; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; GCN, gene copy number; CEP7, centromeric portion of chromosome 7. 
Study Number of Patients Technique Classification Positivity (%). 
Prevalence of MET amplification and increased MET gene copy number (GCN) in gastric cancer. 
FISH, fluorescence in situ hybridization; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; GCN, gene copy number; CEP7, centromeric portion of chromosome 7; NA, not available. 
MPNs  CML ET PV PMF. 
Main characteristics of chronic myeloproliferative neoplasms. 
* With current treatments. 
Regulators of HGF and Met expression. 
Regulation of HGF / Met expression, and cytokines regulated by HGF/Met. 
Abbreviations: b-FGF—basic fibroblast growth factor; OSM—oncostatin M; HIF-1?—Hypoxia-inducible factor 1?; NF-?B—nuclear factor kappa B; TGF-?—tumour growth factor ?; TNF-?—tumour necrosis factor ?. 
Renal cell/compartment SIRT1 role Mechanism Reference. 
Role and cellular mechanisms of SIRT1 in DKD . 
FOXO, forkhead box protein O; Bnip3, BCL2/adenovirus E1B 19?kDa protein-interacting protein 3; ACE2, angiotensin-converting enzyme 2; Ang1–7, angiotensin-(1–7); COX2, cyclooxygenase 2; HIF-1?, hypoxia-inducible factor 1?; ?-ENaC, ?-epithelial sodium channel; MMP-14, matrix metalloproteinase-14;VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; Flk-1, fetal liver kinase-1; AT1R, angiotensin II receptor-type 1; NO, nitric oxide; eNOS, endothelial nitric oxide synthase; NF?-??B, nuclear factor kappa B; MCP-1, monocyte chemotactic protein-1; ICAM-1, intercellular adhesion molecule-1; VCAM-1, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 . 
Glucose transport isoforms Location Cell types Abundance Control. 
Main glucose transport (GLUT) isoforms in the brain . 
Genes Forward primer 5??3? Reverse primer 5??3?. 
All primers were designed using Primer 3 [43] except for Orai1 that was obtained from Cross et al. [8] . All primers were run at an annealing temperature of 60°C and ribosomal protein 15 (RPS15) was used as the housekeeping gene. 
Metabolites 5 h 9 h 26 h 76 h  rtg1? rtg3? p rtg1? rtg3? p rtg1? rtg3? p rtg1? rtg3? p . 
Metabolite fold-change for the 50 most important metabolites for the rtg1? and rtg3? strains relative to wild-type strain BY4742 at each sampling time (inversed in the case of downregulation). Bold values indicate a statistically significant difference between rtg1? and rtg3? ( p < 0.05, determined by a two-tailed heteroscedastic t -test and corrected for multiple testing (Benjamini and Hochberg false discovery rate, FDR). 
Radioiodine Treatment Results for Lung Metastases in Patients with Differentiated Thyroid Cancer. 
Adapted from Chung et al. Nucl Med Mol Imaging 2010;44:4-14, with permission from Springer [ 4 ]. 
Clinicopathologic characteristics Methylation P  Positive Negative . 
Variables Hazard ratio 95% Hazard ratio confidence limits P. 
Variables Hazard ratio 95% Hazard ratio confidence limits P. 
There were no dihedral angle violations >5°. 
Full parameter and topology files are included in File S1 . 
Regions of LMO4 between residues 86–139 and of DEAF1 between residues 404–414 including S208 of the glycine-serine linker were considered to be structured because the residues contained within had sum of angle order parameters (? + ?)>1.8 except for residues 103–105 of LMO4 and residues 404, 406 and 407 of DEAF1. 
Distance violations were restricted to disordered regions of the protein. 
Properties of BDP5290. 
Gene_Symbol. 
Feature . 
Histological type N. of total cases analized BAG3 staining score *   0 1 2 3. 
Human lung specimens were stained with anti-BAG3 polyclonal antibody. The percentage of malignant cells stained was scored from 0 to 3: 0, no positive cells; 1+,<10% of positive cells; 2+,11-50% of positive cells; 3+, 51–100% of positive cells. 
Group E2 (pg/ml) KGF (pg/ml). 
ELISA assays for detection of KGF and E2 in the serum of treated mice. 
Mean ± SD. 
Not detectable. 
Experiment A Experiment B. 
Overview of the array experiments. 
Overview of the two independent genome-wide gene expression studies using two different oligonucleotide array platforms to compare adult control flies with flies displaying the adult brat k06028 mutant brain tumor. Row 1 and Row2 indicate the source from which total RNA was extracted. Row 1 indicates source of tumor tissue, Row 2 indicates source of control tissue used in the experiments. For experiment A (left column), total RNA was isolated from homozygous brat k06028 mutant heads (row 1) as compared to total RNA isolated from Oregon R wildtype heads (row 2). For experiment B (right column), total RNA was isolated from dissected homozygous brat k06028 mutant brains (row 1) as compared to total RNA isolated from dissected brains derived from flies generated by transposon excision of the brat k06028 P-element (termed A2, brat k06028 jumpout; row 2). Row 3 denotes the two different Affymetrix oligonucelotide arrays used. Row 4 indicates the number of replicates carried out per condition for experiment A and experiment B, respectively. Row 5 displays whether or not a signal amplification step has been performed following cRNA hybridization to the arrays. Row 6 presents the number of transcripts differentially expressed between conditions for experiment A and experiment B, respectively. Row 7 indicates the number of genes that passed the filter criteria in both experiments. 
Fly gene Mammalian homolog Cancertype. 
Drosophila genes differentially regulated in brat k06028 neoplastic tissue and their mammalian homologs shown to be involved in cancer formation. 
Drosophila genes differentially regulated in brat k06028 neoplastic tissue and their mammalian homologs shown to be involved in cancer formation. Indicated are the Drosophila genes, their human (Homo sapiens, Hs) or mouse (Mus musculus, Mm) homolog, and the cancer type for which misregulation of the mammalian homolog has been reported in available databases like Flybase and PubMed. References are given in the supplementary material (References for table 2) [see Additional file 5 ]. 
Compound Plant logP Hydrogen bond donors Hydrogen bond acceptors Molecular weight [g/mol]. 
Compounds Binding energy (kcal/mol) LibDock score. 
Compounds Binding Energy (kcal/mol). 
Parameters considered Isorhamnetin-7-rhamoside Isorhamentin(pure) Quercetin-3-glucoside-7-rhamnoside Quercetin (pure) Translutein Lutein Zeaxanthin Zeaxanthin (stereoisomer). 
Summary of changes in expression of p53-pathway-related miRNAs in GI cancers. 
Notes: For a more detailed description of the single miRNAs and references see Tables 2 and 3 . Green box with ?: downregulated in indicated GI tumor type; Red box with ?: upregulated in indicated GI tumor type; Yellow box with ?/?: down- or upregulated in indicated GI tumors. 
Abbreviations: CRC, colorectal cancer; EC, esophageal cancer; GC, gastric cancer; GI, gastrointestinal; HCC, hepatocellular cancer; miRNA, microRNA; PaC, pancreatic cancer. 
miRNA Validated by Clinical and pathological associations in GI cancers. 
Compilation of p53-regulated miRNAs and their alterations in GI cancers. 
Abbreviations: ChIP, chromatin immunoprecipitation; CRC, colorectal cancer; DFS, disease-free survival; EC, esophageal cancer; GC, gastric cancer; GI, gastrointestinal; HCC, hepatocellular cancer; Luc reporter, Luciferase miRNA promoter reporter assay; miRNA, microRNA; mut, mutation in the p53 binding site; NA, not applicable or not analyzed; OS, overall survival; PaC, pancreatic cancer; pN, nodal status; qPCR, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction; RFS, relapse-free survival; TNM, tumor, node, metastasis status based classification. 
miRNA Validated by Clinical and pathological associations in GI cancers. 
Compilation of miRNAs that directly target p53 and their alterations in GI cancers. 
Abbreviations: CRC, colorectal cancer; EC, esophageal cancer; GC, gastric cancer; GI, gastrointestinal; HCC, hepatocellular cancer; Luc reporter, Luciferase reporter assay with p53 3?-UTR; miRNA, microRNA; mut, mutation in the miRNA seed sequence; NA, not applicable or not analyzed; OS, overall survival; PaC, pancreatic cancer; pN, nodal status; qPCR, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction; RFS, relapse free survival; WB, Western blot. 
Transcript GeneBank Accession no. Homolog species Nucleotide identity (%) Function. 
cDNA sequences of the transcripts revealed from the reverse subtracted library. 
microRNA Detected in Tissue/Cell Species Target Gene (s) Reported Function(s) Observation in PCOS References. 
List of microRNAs observed in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), their proposed functions and targets. 
Protein IHC a KRAS Wild Type b KRAS Mutated b Total P c. 
Expression of NQO1 and clinically relevant proteins in non-small cell lung carcinoma patients with and without KRAS mutations. 
a IHC = results of the immunohistochemical staining. b Values in these columns represent numbers of patients with positive or negative immunohistochemical staining. c An asterisk “ * ” denotes statistical significance at P = 0.05. 
Expression levels’ change in HCC miRNAs Association with HCC development Target genes. 
Accession number Entry name Protein names Gene names Molecular weight. 
GENOTYPE Muv, % Vul, % AVG. # of VPCs INDUCED VPCs INDUCED, % n      P3.p P4.p P5.p P6.p P7.p P8.p . 
Statistical analysis was performed using Fisher's exact test ( www.graphpad.com/quickcalcs ) comparing each double mutant with the single mutant on the line above with the following exceptions: lines 5 and 6 were compared to line 4, lines 7, 8 and 9 were compared to line 3, and lines 19, 21, 22, 24, and 25 were compared to line 2. 
*P<0.05;. 
**P<0.01;. 
***P<0.001;. 
****P<0.0001. 
GENOTYPE Muv% Vul% AVG. # of VPCs INDUCED VPCs INDUCED, % n      P3.p P4.p P5.p P6.p P7.p P8.p . 
Statistical analysis was performed as described above. All mutant combinations with lin-2(e1309) were compared to lin-2(e1309) single mutants except for arf-1.2(ok796); lin-2(e1309); vhEx7 and arf-1.2(ok796); lin-2(e1309); vhEx8 , which were compared to arf-1.2(ok796); lin-2(e1309) . 
*P<0.05;. 
**P<0.01;. 
***P<0.001;. 
****P<0.0001. 
Genotype Avg. Basal Intensity Avg. Apical Intensity Avg. Basal/Apical Intensity n. 
EST database summary. 
Primer Primer sequence 5?–3? Amplicon Bp. 
Variables N nucCYLD? nucCYLD+ P value cyt°CYLD? cyt°CYLD+ P value. 
Bilirubin levels >1 mg/dl were depicted as “increased”. AFP serum levels: normal range <8 IU/ml). 
Univariate  Univariate Variables (N) N* HR (95% CI) Global P value Variables (N) N* HR (95% CI) Global P value. 
CI, confidence interval; HR, hazard ratio. N?=?95; N*: Number of uncensored patients (patients who experienced the event). 
Multivariate Variables (N) N* HR (95% CI) Global P value. 
CI, confidence interval; HR, hazard ratio. N?=?95; N*: Number of uncensored patients (patients who experienced the event). 
Tag SNP Exons RNAs of TSS SNPs. 
CRC, colorectal cancer; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism; TSS, transcription start site. 
Only three damaging SNPs having an r 2>0.1 were identified in the exons of genes expressed in either HCT116 or normal sigmoid colon cells; of these, only UTP23 and RHPN2 were identified as damaging by two different programmes. RNAs expressed in HCT116 or sigmoid colon cells and having a correlated SNP with r 2>0.5 within ±2?kb of the TSS of protein-coding transcripts or non-coding RNAs are shown. The cases in which the tag SNP is located in the TSS region are in bold and non-coding RNAs are in parentheses. We note that exon SNPs identified two additional expressed genes ( POU5F1B and FAM186A ) and promoter SNPs identified three additional expressed genes ( FAM186A , LRRC34 and LRRIQ4 ) when a larger number of TCGA colon tumour samples were analyzed. 
Enhancer Tag SNP No. of correlated SNPs Chromosome Start End Location Nearby expressed coding and non-coding RNAs. 
CRC, colorectal cancer; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism. 
The tag SNP and the correlated SNPs for 28 distal, robust H3K27Ac regions are indicated; the enhancers that are found only in normal sigmoid colon are indicated with an asterisk. The three nearest protein-coding RNAs and three nearest non-coding RNAs were identified using the GENCODE V15 gene annotation; only those RNAs that are expressed in HCT116 or sigmoid colon cells are shown (see also Supplementary Table 1 ). 
ChIP-seq, chromatin immunoprecipitation sequencing; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism. 
Details concerning the impacted motifs (SNP position, sequence of reference and alternative alleles, and the direction of the effect on the motif) can be found in Supplementary Data 3 . 
*Identified by motif UA2, which was the top motif in PBX3 GM12878 ChIP-seq data. 
†Identified by motif UA5. 
‡Identified by motif UA3, which was the top motif in ZBTB7A K562 ChIP-seq data. 
Region Enhancer Correlated transcripts. 
TCGA, the cancer genome atlas. 
Shown are the subset of the 10 nearest 5? and 10 nearest 3? transcripts for each enhancer that show significant gene expression differences in normal versus tumour samples, as determined using RNA-seq data from TCGA. The numbers in parentheses indicate the fold change, with positive indicating a higher expression in tumours. The seven normal-specific enhancers are shown in bold and all genes correlated with these enhancers should be expressed higher in normal cells and thus have a negative value. The R versus L designation indicates the direction and relative location of the transcript with respect to each enhancer (for example, R7 indicates that it is the 7th closest transcript to the enhancer on the ‘right’ side). 
Gene name Fold change P value. 
IL, interleukin. 
U2OS cells were cultured for 24?h in the presence or absence of glutamine, and gene microarray analysis was performed. Significantly altered genes were grouped into the pathways specified in the table. Numbers are derived from three replicate samples for each condition. The column labelled fold change indicates the averaged ratio of expression in glutamine-restricted versus the glutamine-replete cultures. The statistical significance ( P value) was determined by a two-tailed, paired Student’s t -test. 
Function Gene Replication Largest Size (SSc/Control) Reference. 
Summary of the reported genes associated with SSc. 
Symbol RefSeq ID Name 60 min 120 min Fold Change. 
Expression of C–C, C–X–C, interleukins (ILs) and TNF in 8-oxoG-challenged lungs. 
Agent Protocol Type of Tolerogenic Response Targeted Disease Reference Species Differentiation Relevant Antigen Type of Study. 
Experimental strategies for the induction of tolDCs in autoimmune diseases. CIA: collagen-induced arthritis; EAE: experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis; IL: interleukin. 
Protocol for DC Name Targeted Disease Results/Status ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier Agent Origin Differentiation Type of Study Route. 
Clinical studies that are in progress based on the experimental use of tolDCs for autoimmune diseases treatment. AutoDECRA: autologous tolerogenic dendritic cells for rheumatoid arthritis; IL: interleukin; GM-CSF: granulocyte monocyte colony stimulating factor. 
Methylation Marker D/C Sample Size Specimens Method End-Point Univariate Multivariate Factors Adjusted for in Multivariate Analysis: Reference HR 95% CI p -Value HR 95% CI p -Value. 
Data for the three aberrantly methylated genomic loci, PITX2 , C1orf114 , and GABRE~miR-452~miR-224 , as well as the three-gene signature AOX1/C1orf114/HAPLN3 , for which there is currently the strongest experimental support for a prognostic biomarker potential in PC. D/C: Methylation analyzed as a dichotomized/continuous variable. RP: Radical prostatectomy. FFPE: Formalin-fixed, paraffin embedded. FF: Fresh frozen; qMSP: Quantitative methylation-specific PCR; BCR: Biochemical recurrence; HR: Hazard ratio; 95% CI: 95% confidence interval; GS: Gleason score; pT: pathological tumor stage; SM: Surgical margin status; PSA: Pre-operative serum PSA. 
* Accurate Gleason score information missing for 239 of these samples. 
Methylation Marker Sample Size Specimens Method End-Point Univariate Multivariate Factors Adjusted for in Multivariate Analysis: Reference HR 95% CI p -Value HR 95% CI p -Value. 
Data for methylation marker candidates subject to investigation in multiple studies, but with limited validation and/or conflicting evidence regarding their prognostic value. RP: Radical prostatectomy; TURP: Transurethral resection of the prostate; FFPE: Formalin-fixed, paraffin embedded; FF: Fresh frozen; MSP: Methylation-specific PCR; qMSP: Quantitative MSP; BCR: Biochemical recurrence; HR: Hazard ratio; OR: Odds ratio; 95% CI: 95% confidence interval; NA: Not available; GS: Gleason score; pT: pathological tumor stage; SM: Surgical margin status; PSA: Pre-operative serum PSA; EP: Extracapsular penetration; pN: Pathological lymph node status; SV: Seminal vesicles involvement. 
Methylation Marker Sample Size Specimens Method End-Point Univariate Multivariate Factors Adjusted for in Multivariate Analysis: Reference HR 95% CI p -Value HR 95% CI p -Value. 
Data for genes investigated as prognostic methylation biomarkers candidates for PC in at least two cohorts, showing statistically significant correlation to PC progression in univariate analysis only, in addition to candidate methylation markers that have shown prognostic potential in a single cohort; RP: Radical prostatectomy; TURP: Transurethral resection of the prostate; FFPE: Formalin-fixed, paraffin embedded; FF: Fresh frozen; MSP: Methylation-specific PCR; qMSP: Quantitative MSP; BCR: Biochemical recurrence; HR: Hazard ratio; OR: Odds ratio: 95% CI: 95% confidence interval; NA: Not available; GS: Gleason score; pT: pathological tumor stage; SM: Surgical margin status; PSA: Pre-operative serum PSA; EP: Extracapsular penetration; SV: Seminal vesicle involvement; pN: Pathological lymph node status. 
Name of miRNA Expression Level Technic Type of Tissue Reference. 
miRNAs with constant change in at least two experimental studies. Star strand (miRNA*) or passenger strand is generally degraded from miRNA duplex in miRNA biogenesis. 
Signaling pathway Mutants or transgenic lines Phenotypes Reference. 
Summary of oncogenic signaling pathways and mutant phenotypes. 
Control Saline Glucose 1/4 Glucose 1/2 Glucose Fructose. 
The experimental groups are described in the Materials and Methods section. Different superscripts in a row indicate significant (P<0.05) differences following the statistical analysis described in the Material and Methods section. Thus, data marked with an “a” in superscript are significantly different from those marked with any other letter in the same file. Results are expressed as means±S.E.M. for 5 individuals in each experimental group. 
Control Saline Glucose 1/4 Glucose 1/2 Glucose Fructose. 
Table shows proteins from arrays in which significant (P<0.05) differences above 25% were obtained compared to control or saline. Results are expressed in arbitrary units, transforming the intensity obtained to 100 in control points. Different superscript letters in a row indicate significant (P<0.05) differences among values from the same row. Thus, data marked with an “a” in superscript are significantly different from those marked with any other letter in the same file. Additionally, superscript asterisks indicate significant (P<0.05) differences between Glucose 1/2 values and Fructose ones. In both cases, differences were established following the statistical analysis described in the Material and Methods section. Acronyms for the proteins are described in Figure 1 while the experimental groups are described in the Materials and Methods section. Results are means±S.E.M. for 5 individuals in each group. 
Control (n?=?5) Saline (n?=?5) Glucose 1/4 (n?=?5) Glucose 1/2 (n?=?5) Glucose (n?=?5) Fructose (n?=?5). 
Table shows proteins from arrays in which significant (P<0.05) differences above 25% were obtained. Results are expressed in arbitrary units, transforming the intensity obtained to 100 in control points. Different superscript letters in a row indicate significant (P<0.05) differences among values from the same row. Thus, data marked with an “a” in superscript are significantly different from those marked with any other letter in the same file. Additionally, superscript asterisks indicate significant (P<0.05) differences between Glucose 1/2 values and Fructose ones. In both cases, differences were established following the statistical analysis described in the Material and Methods section. Acronyms for the proteins are described in Figure 1 while the experimental groups are described in the Materials and Methods section. Results are means±S.E.M. for 5 individuals in each group. 
Control 10 mM Glucose 10 mM Fructose 10 mM Glucose+75 µM Fructose. 
Isolated hepatocytes were incubated for 5 min in the absence or the presence of 10 mM glucose or 10 mM fructose, as described in the Material and Methods. The table shows glucose 6-phosphate and ATP intracellular levels, as well as the relative degree of serine phosphorylation of proteins in which differences above 25% were obtained. Results are expressed in arbitrary units, transforming the intensity obtained to 100 in control points. Different superscript letters in a row indicate significant (P<0.05) differences among values from the same row. Thus, data marked with an “a” in superscript are significantly different from those marked with any other letter in the same file. Additionally, superscript asterisks indicate significant (P<0.05) differences between 10 mM Glucose values and 10 mM Glucose+75 µM Fructose ones. In both cases, differences were established following the statistical analysis described in the Material and Methods section. Acronyms for the proteins are described in Figure 1 . Results are means±S.E.M. for 5 separate experiments. 
Control 10 mM Glucose 10 mM Glucose+75 µM Fructose. 
Isolated skeletal muscle cells were incubated for 5 min in the absence or the presence of 10 mM glucose or 10 mM fructose, as described in the Material and Methods. Table shows glucose 6-phosphate and ATP intracellular levels, as well as the relative degree of serine phosphorylation of proteins in which differences above 25% were obtained. Results are expressed in arbitrary units, transforming the intensity obtained to 100 in control points. Different superscripts in a row indicate significant differences following the statistical analysis described in the Material and Methods section. Thus, data marked with an “a” in superscript are significantly different from those marked with any other letter in the same file. Acronyms for the proteins are described in Figure 1 . Results are means±S.E.M. for 5 separate experiments. 
All scale data are means ± standard deviation. 
PTC, papillary thyroid cancer. 
*Nine patients failed to provide data for secreting type of pituitary adenoma because of operations in other hospitals. 
Five patients with PTC also had other cancers, including renal cell cancer, endometrial cancer, pancreatic cancer, and two with colon cancer. 
No Sex Age * Other diseases Treatment foracromegaly Active acromegalyat diagnosis ofthyroid cancer Thyroid cancer       Age † Histology Tumor size (cm) Stage Treatment BRAF V600Emutation FUmonths. 
F, female; M, male; DM, diabetes mellitus; RCC, renal cell cancer; Op, operation; RT, radiotherapy; Pap-Fol, papillary-follicular mixed type carcinoma; TT, total thyroidectomy; RTL, right thyroid lobectomy; RAI, radioactive iodine ablation; UA, unavailable; FU, follow up. 
*Age at diagnosis of acromegaly. 
Age at diagnosis of thyroid cancer. 
Patients who underwent thyroidectomies at other hospitals. 
Variable Thyroid cancer P  No (n?=?45) Yes (n?=?15) . 
All scale data are means ± standard deviation (SD). 
US, ultrasonography; GH, growth hormone; IGF-1, insulin-like growth factor-1; % ULN, percentages of the upper limit of age-adjusted normal levels. 
Variable Acromegaly P  Yes (n?=?11) No (n?=?16) . 
PTC, papillary thyroid cancer; LN, lymph node; IHC, immunohistochemical; SD, standard deviation; IRS, immune-reactive score. 
One patient with acromegalic PTC could not undergo immunostaining for IGF-1R?. 
Enriched GO annotation De?regulation Up?regulation Down?regulation No. genes P value No. genes P value Genes No. genes P value Genes. 
Examples of significantly enriched GO annotation for the list of morphine-responsive genes. 
The complete results of the Gene Ontology (GO) analysis are presented in Additional file 3 . 
Functional categories N genes Up?regulation Down?regulation. 
Functional categories and number of genes found to be modified by morphine in each category. 
Some up-regulated genes with FC?>?1.0 and down-regulated genes FC?<??1.0 are marked with an asterisk (*). 
Gene symbol Gene description R.fold Probeset ID. 
Genes involved in neuronal function with ?1.30???R fold???1.30. 
Genes were identified as being differentially regulated (up- and down-regulated) in embryos zebrafish by morphine treatment. 
Genes and alterations Description Alterations Frequency in primary versus metastatic (when known) PATHWAY. 
LOF; loss of function; GOF, gain of function. 
PATHWAYS Drug targets DRUGS DRUG DEVLOPMENT STAGE. 
DRUGS Description Stage of development Other Notes. 
Approach Agent description Drug Stage of development. 
Cell line: HCC827 Drug Target PAR IC50 (?M) MES IC50 (?M) Ratio. 
Ratio reflects the IC50 of mesenchymal/parental cells. 
Human cell line * IC50 (?mol/L) ± SD. 
The data given are the mean ± SD derived from at least three replicates. 
Determined using Resazurin assay. 
IC50 * (?mol/L) ± SD Cell line Compound 24 h 48 h 72 h. 
The data given are the mean ± SD derived from at least three replicates. 
INPP4B expression P value  N 0 1+ 2+ 3+ 0 vs 1+/2+/3+ 0/1+ vs 2+/3+ 0/1+/2+ vs 3+. 
UniProt  Protein identification information Name (Human) Acession Description; Gene name; Synonym (Function) Type of IP Mascot score Discrete peptides. 
Columns 1 and 2 indicate UniProt protein name and accession number. Column 3 indicates the gene name, synonym and function. A total of six immunoprecipitation experiments (IP), 4 IP experiments with an endogenous antibody (E-1, E-2, E-3, W-1), and 3 experiments with a Myc (M-1) or GFP (G-1) or FLAG (F-1) antibody of N-terminus CIC fusion proteins (MYC-CIC, GFP-CIC and FLAG-CIC, respectively) were conducted in HEK cells. Candidate proteins shown here were those observed in at least two independent IP experiments and not observed in the control IPs (4 IgG, and one each of FLAG, MYC or GFP empty vector) that were mitochondrial, or had metabolism related functions. Column 4 indicates the IP method for each candidate interaction partner. Column 5 indicates the Mascot score observed for each protein. Column 6 indicates the number of discrete (unique) peptides observed in the IP experiments. 
GO term for enriched process Count * Fold Enrichment **. 
*Count refers to a number of genes identified in a corresponding term. Terms with less than 5 genes identified were excluded from analysis. 
**Enrichment value calculated by DAVID is a measure of probability (in –log scale) for members of a particular annotation cluster to be grouped together (for further explanation see Materials and Methods). 
Protein GI number Average spectral hits    Naïve serum * Naïve lymph** Infected lymph***. 
*Average from 3 mice; **Average from 4 mice; ***Average per day for LN samples collected at days 1 to 4 post challenge (4 mice per sample at days 1 to 3, one sample at day 4). 
Up-regulated ** Down-regulated ** Protein Day1 * Day2 * Day3 * Aver-ageper day Protein Day1 * Day2 * Day3 * Aver-ageper day. 
*Mean protein abundance in infected relative to uninfected mice. Protein extracts from 3 individual LNs were analyzed at each time point. 
**Deviation of mean (95% confidence interval) calculated across all proteins in the Table is ?0.098. The proteins demonstrating changes of mean less than 0.098 were: SAPK/JNK, Bad, FLIP, eNOS(Ser113), IL-10, HSP90, p53 (Ser115). 
Viral vectors Biological properties of vector. 
BIOLOGICAL PROPERTIES OF VIRAL VECTORS USED FOR GENE DELIVERY INTO CELLS IN THE TREATMENT OF VARIOUS DISEASES AND/OR SPORTS INJURIES [ 9 , 14 – 16 ]. 
efficiency: average, infects only mitotic cells. 
capacity: large. 
durability of expression: high. 
other features: cytotoxic/immunogenic in high doses,. 
efficiency: depends on the type of transfected cells. 
capacity: small. 
durability of expression: high. 
other features: specifically cytotoxic/immunogenic; low efficiency of methods ofAAV obtaining. 
efficiency: high, infects mitotic and postmitotic cells. 
capacity: large. 
durability of expression: high. 
other features: cytotoxic/immunogenic in high doses. 
efficiency: infects mitotic cells. 
capacity: small. 
durability of expression: high. 
other features: increased immune response; frequently causes insertional mutagenesis. 
efficiency: high, does not require dividing cells. 
capacity: large. 
durability of expression: high. 
other features: low cytotoxicity. 
Potential genes Target tissue/system Risks to health Physiological function Expected phenotypic performance. 
POTENTIAL GENES THAT CAN BE USED IN DOPING, TARGET TISSUES/SYSTEMS AND POTENTIAL RISK TO THE ATHLETE'S HEALTH [ 29 – 65 ]. 
Physiological function. 
Expected phenotypic performance. 
Increased blood viscosity,. 
Difficult laminar blood flow through. 
the vessels. 
Severe immune response. 
Increased number of red blood cells and increased blood oxygenation. 
Increased endurance. 
Intracranial hypertension,. 
Abnormal vision,. 
Headache, nausea, vomiting. 
Peripheral oedema,. 
Carpal tunnel syndrome,. 
Pain in the joints and muscles,. 
Overgrowth of the cartilage of the nose and jaw,. 
Cardiomyopathy,. 
Insulin resistance and diabetes,. 
Neoplastic disease. 
Excessive growth of bones and tissue mass, muscle hypertrophy and hyperplasia, and stimulation by muscle regeneration (IGF1),. 
stimulation of glycogenolysis and increased release of glucose from liver, increased lipolysis and reduced lipogenesis, increased protein synthesis (GH). 
Increased endurance, efficiency, increased muscle mass and strength (IGF1, GH). 
Increased blood viscosity,. 
Hypertension. 
Neoplastic disease. 
Increased number of red blood cells and increased blood oxygenation (indirectly by affecting, among others, EPO gene or genes encoding glycolytic enzymes). 
Increased muscle strength and endurance. 
Overexpression of sex hormones,. 
Colon cancer. 
Acceleration of skeletal muscle cell metabolism, increased insulin sensitivity, increased lipolysis. 
Increased endurance and speed. Probably involved in the control of body weight. 
Damage of the ligaments, tendons and bones. 
Hypertrophy and hyperplasia of muscle mass. 
Increased muscle mass and strength. 
No data on the negative effects of gene doping using ACTN2 and ACTN3. 
Increased rate of glucose metabolism in response to training (ACTN3),. 
Compensation for loss of function of ACTN3 gene byACTN2 gene. 
Increased endurance, muscle strength and speed of muscle; increased efficiency in sprinters. 
Neoplastic disease,. 
Immune response. 
Induction of new blood vessel formation (angiogenesis). 
Increased endurance. 
Increased risk of overloading the musculoskeletal system and cardiovascular system,. 
Stress and increased cardiac workload,. 
Sudden death. 
Modulation of pain perception threshold. 
Increased endurance. 
Angioedema. 
Adjusting blood pressure by acting on angiotensin II (increase in blood pressure), and participation in the inactivation of bradykinin (decrease in blood pressure), increasing the proportion of slow-twitch muscle fibres (type I). 
Increased endurance and/or sprint efficiency. 
Adjusting the metabolic processes including gluconeogenesis, involved in the Krebs cycle. 
Increased muscle endurance. 
Characteristic Features of Hereditary Colorectal Cancer Syndrome 36. 
*Risks associated with EpCAM mutations are not yet known. 
†Sex cord tumors with annular tubules. 
‡Adenoma malignum. 
§Sertoli cell tumors. 
MLH1 , MutL homolog 1; MSH6 , MutS homolog 6; PMS2 , PostMeiotic Segregation increased 2; EpCAM , epithelial cell adhesion molecule gene; FAP, familial adenomatous polyposis; APC , adenomatous polyposis coli; AFAP, attenuated familial adenomatous polyposis; MAP, MUTYH-associated polyposis; MUTYH , MutY Homolog; PPAP, polymerase proofreading associated polyposis; POLD1 , Polymerase (DNA Directed), Delta 1, Catalytic subunit; POLE , Polymerase (DNA Directed), Epsilon, Catalytic Subunit; HMP, hereditary mixed polyposis; GREM1 , Gremlin 1; STK11, Serine/threonine kinase 11; PJS, Peutz-Jeghers syndrome; JPS, juvenile polyposis syndrome; SMAD4 , SMAD family member 4; BMPR1A , Bone Morphogenetic Protein Receptor, Type IA. 
Clinical Guidelines for the Diagnosis of Lynch Syndrome 35. 
*Includes endometrial, ovarian, gastric, small bowel, urinary tract, biliary tract, pancreas, brain, and sebaceous gland. 
CRC, colorectal cancer; FAP, familial adenomatous polyposis; MSI-H, microsatellite instability high. 
Biomarkers Used in the Diagnosis of Lynch Syndrome 46. 
MSI, microsatellite instability; BRAF , B-type Raf; MSS, microsatellite stable; IHC, immunohistochemistry; MLH1 , MutL homolog 1. 
Diagnostic Criteria of Hereditary Gastrointestinal Polyposis Syndromes 58. 
FAP, familial adenomatous polyposis; CHRPE, congenital hypertrophy of the retinal pigment epithelium; AFAP, attenuated familial adenomatous polyposis; MAP, MUTYH-associated polyposis; PJS, Peutz-Jeghers syndrome; PJP, Peutz-Jeghers polyp; JPS, juvenile polyposis syndrome; JP, juvenile polyp. 
Sensitive (N = 31) Resistant (N = 39). 
Histologic and phase characteristics of sensitive and resistant NSGCTs. 
Gene Sensitive1 (N = 29) (%) Resistant2 (N = 31) (%) P-value. 
Frequency of promoter methylation of individual genes in sensitive and resistant NSGCT. 
1 Consists of tumors, with or without retroperitoneal lymph node, sensitive for one cycle of chemotherapy 2 Consists of tumors, with or without retroperitoneal lymph node, required of two or more cycles of chemotherapy, all resistant tumors, and all patients died of disease 3 Only 30 resistant tumors studied for methylation status. 
Gene Phase1       p-value3       P/M1 (N = 22) C1 (N = 32) C2/C3 (N = 16) P/M1 vs C1 P/M1 vs C2/C3. 
Promoter hypermethylation in various phases of treatment in NSGCT. 
1 See Table 1 for definition of phase 2 Only 15 tumors studied in C2/C3 phase 3 Adjusted for sensitive/resistant status 4 Model cannot be fit due to sparse data; Fisher's exact p-value given. 
All lesions Primary tumors Metastatic lesions Complete data set 200 114 86. 
Mutations in BRaf (exon 11 and 15) and NRas (exon 1 and 2) in melanoma. 
primary tumor Metastasis Nr. NRas61 BRaf 599 NRas61 BRaf 599. 
Longitudinal analysis of BRaf and NRas genotypes. 
None of the samples showed mutations in BRaf exon 11 or Nras exon 1. In two cases (12 and 16) samples of two different metastasis excised from one patient were analyzed. 
Ref Year Country N M:F Mean Age (Diagnosis) Type of study      M (Total) F . 
Characteristics of CLO patients. 
Method Description Sensitivity for HGD Resolution FOV Depth (?m) Cost Time. 
Comparison of endoscopic surveillance methods for Barrett's oesophagus. 
Ref Year Country Tobacco Alcohol Obesity. 
Lifestyle risk factors for CLO. 
Period Total no of endoscopies No of new CLO cases New CLO as a % of total endoscopies. 
Detection rate of Barrett's oesophagus over a 20-year period at a single UK hospital. 
Geographical Area Total Males Females M:F. 
CLO patient characteristics by geographical area in UK. 
Total Males Females. 
Adenocarcinoma in CLO. 
Age. 
BMI for Barrett's oesophagus patients in dundee. 
CLO segment length Overall ?3 cm >3 ? 6 cm >6 cm. 
Distribution of AC according to CLO segment length. 
Increased proliferation . 
Summary of the molecular alterations studied in the progression of Barrett's associated carcinogenesis (list none exhaustive). 
Common problems encountered with Barrett's surveillance. 
TF name P- value of motif enrichment O/E in ChIP-Seq Median of O/E P- value. 
ChIP-Seq, chromatin immunoprecipitation-sequencing; EGF, epidermal growth factor; GR, glucocorticoid receptor; O/E, observed relative to expected; TF, transcription factor. 
Pscan ( http://159.149.160.51/pscan/ ; Jaspar database) was used to find over-represented TF binding sites in EGF-inducible Module B genes ( n =593). The Bonferroni corrected P -values for multiple testing are shown. In addition, the set of genes was analysed using the Cscan compendium of ChIP-Seq experiments. The respective P -values are presented as the median of Bonferroni corrected values. 
Strain or plasmid Genotype Reference. 
?, deletion; ‘?’, fusion; ‘/’, ectopically integrated; a , b , mating type loci; ble R , phleomycin resistance; cbx R , carboxin resistance; cmu1 , chorismate mutase; crg1 , conditional arabinose-induced promoter; dyn2 , C-terminal half of the dynein heavy chain; EAP, synthetic early endosomes anchoring protein; E1 , W2 , genes of the b mating type loci; egfp , enhanced green fluorescent protein; G418 R , geneticin resistance; his4 , histone-4; hyg R , hygromycin resistance; kin1 , kinesin-1; kin3 , kinesin-3; mcherry , monomeric cherry; mcs1 , myosin-chitin synthase 1; mig1 , maize-inducible promoter; mrfp , monomeric red fluorescent protein; nat R , nourseothricin resistance; NLS, nuclear localization signal of the GAL-4 DNA-binding domain from pC-ACT1 (Clontech, Mountain View, CA, USA); otef , constitutive promoter; P, promoter; pagfp , photo-activatable monomeric green fluorescent protein; pep1 , immunity suppressor; pit2 , protease inhibitor; PX , Phox domain from Yup1 (aa 4-148); rab5a , small endosomal Rab5-like GTPase; yup1 , endosomal t-SNARE. 
Acc. Number Name P-Site Kinase. 
Programs used in this study . 
The table includes following columns: “Method” column specifies the orthologous/non-orthologous approach, algorithm/statistics used, and the database used for motif annotation; “Input” describes size, format, and promoter region available for analysis; “Output” introduces results format and visualization capacity of the software. The next columns are “Advantages” and “Drawbacks” with useful/bulky features highlighted from the biologist's viewpoint. The next few columns post website information, publication citations, and availability of the software for downloading. The last column entitled “Grade” ranks programs according their suitability impact on our analysis. The leftmost column separates two types of programs: those that output found motifs per sequence; and those that output motifs over a dataset, classified as main and supportive in our analysis, respectively (see Methods). Grades are assigned as “A” (very good) and “B” (good) . 
miR-24 miR-125b miR-195 miR-214. 
Validated targets of miR-24, miR-125b, miR-195, and miR-214 . 
miRNA gene Chromosome locus Disease Genetic alteration Epigenetic alteration miRNA expression. 
Genetic and epigenetic alterations of miR-24, miR-125b, miR-195 , and miR-214 . 
AML, acute myeloid leukemia; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; BCP-ALL, B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia; DS-AMKL, Down syndrome with acute megakaryocytic leukemia . 
Circulating miRNA Disease. 
Circulating miR-24, miR-125b, miR-195, and miR-214 in diseases . 
  No Reperfusion  8 hr Reperfusion   Left Hemisphere Right Hemisphere Left Hemisphere Right Hemisphere. 
Brain water content in MCAO model with and without reperfusion. 
Contents of dry matter (as percent) were calculated as the ratio between wet and dry weights, and water content determined as 100% minus % dry matter. In control animals no change occurred with or without reperfusion. In animals with MCAO in the right hemisphere a small apparent increase in water content in this hemisphere after 3 hr of ischemia was not statistically significant, whereas the much larger increase after re-perfusion marked with *was significant (p<0.05). No changes occurred in control animals. From D. Song, J. Xu, L. Hertz, W. Walz and L. Peng, in press, BioMed Research International. 
  Control (n=8) Esmolol (n=8) Landiolol (n=8). 
Neurological deficit scores determined as described by Goyagi et al . [69] in control animals (injected with saline) and exposed to 2 hr of MCAO followed by reperfusion and in rats treated with either of the ?1-adrenergic antagonists esmolol or landiolol, beginning 30 min after the onset of ischemia and continued for 24 hr. 
Values are expressed as median and range). The neurological deficit scores in the esmolol- or landiolol-treated rats were significantly lower than the saline-treated control rats 1, 4, and 7 days after focal ischemia. * P <0.05 versus control group. From Goyagi et al , 2010 [69]. 
ReceptorDrug 5-HT 1A 5-HT 1B 5-HT 1D 5-HT 2A 5-HT 2B 5-HT 2C 5-HT 3. 
Ki values for 5-HT binding by selected SSRIs. 
From Hertz et al . [10]. All other values from Wong et al . [4]. 
Gene FACS Astrocytes Cultured Astrocytes. 
Comparison between effects on gene expression (mRNA) and editing of chronic treatment with the SSRI fluoxetine in cultured mouse astrocytes and in astrocytes freshly isolated from drug-treated mice using fluorescence-activated cell sorting FACS. 
All data except those for Cav1.2 are from Li et al . [20] and those for Cav1.2 from Du et al . [83]. 
Functionally important elements Residues. 
Serial No. Protein name gi number a Percent coverage b (%) Fold Change c p v alue d Species identified e MW(kDa) p I. 
gi no., gene identification number as in GenBankTM. 
Coverage., sequence coverage. 
Fold change. 
p value, indicates the significance of up- or down- regulation of spots according to the F-test through analysis of variance (p<0.05). 
Species identified by Mascot search using NCBI. 
Serial No. Protein name gi number a Percent coverage b (%) Fold Change c p v alue d Species identified e MW(kDa) p I. 
gi no., gene identification number as in GenBankTM. 
Coverage., sequence coverage. 
Fold change. 
p value, indicates the significance of up- or down- regulation of spots according to the F-test through analysis of variance (p<0.05). 
Species identified by Mascot search using NCBI. 
No. Pathway Enzyme Enzyme ID Change Folds Protein Name. 
Patient demographics  IL-23 positive IL-23 negative P value a. 
Clinical characteristics of 141 GC patients. 
ND?=?not determined. 
a?2 test. 
b P ?<?0.05. 
c P ?<?0.01. 
Gene name Gene NCBI Accession number Primer Start Forward primer. 
Primer set for ?(T)?catenin. 
Total Genetic Aberrations Kinome Genetic Aberations Name Gain Loss LOH Total Gain Loss LOH Total. 
Gain Loss LOH Kinase Number ofcell lines Kinase Number ofcell lines Kinase Number ofcell lines. 
RNA category Counts Percent (%) Unique Percent (%). 
Distribution of small RNAs among different categories. 
Rfam(V 10.0) ftp://ftp.sanger.ac.uk/pub/databases/Rfam/9.1/ repeat-repbase (V13.12) http://www.girinst.org/repbase/update/index.html . 
miRNAs Targets gene Putative target protein Conserved gene in A. thaliana (E-scroe) Gene-specific primer Nested gene-specific primer. 
Primers used for modified 5? RLM-RACE mapping of the miRNA cleavage sites and putative target protein. 
Gene MCF-7-miR-155 3?UTR Shortening Relative Expression miR-155/vector. 
Up Regulated Pathways Down Regulated Pathways miR-155 Targeted Pathways. 
Gene 7mer sites 8mer sites 3?UTR shortening. 
Growth factor supplied Injury model Time of delivery Delivery method Main findings Reference. 
Summary of experimental studies that assessed the therapeutic angiogenic potential of VEGF after CNS trauma . 
This table highlights the opposing effects of VEGFA administration after CNS trauma reported by different laboratories. The contradiction in the outcome of VEGF treatment may arise from technical differences in study design, while the different assessment approaches do not allow for direct comparison of the studies. In this table, the literature on VEGF is organized according to type of VEGF applied, the injury model, time of delivery and the delivery method. The main findings of each paper are summarized and the colors indicate whether the results are considered to be positive (green), absent or negative (red). All studies used rat as experimental animal except Zechariah et al. ( 2013 ) who used mice . 
T (min) Cmax (%ID) AUC0?24 h (%ID.h). 
T is peaking time in minute. Cmax is peak concentration of azacitidine presented as percent of given/initial dose (%ID). AUC is the area under the concentration vs. time curve from 0 to 24 h. 
Target Accession Number 5? GSP Sequence 3? GSP Sequence. 
Gene specific primers used for RT-PCR performed on cytosol samples isolated from single LPeD1 neurons. 
Target 5? Primer Sequence 3? Primer sequence Efficiency. 
Gene specific primers used for single cell qPCR. The relative expression of L-MEN1 and two reference genes (? tublin and 18s rRNA) was determined via qPCR using primers directed against a region of ?80–120 bases. Efficiency values were determined for each primer set. 
Eukaryotic cell structure Autogenous outside-in Endosymbiotic outside-in Inside-out. 
Homologies under three competing models for the origin of eukaryotes. 
ER, endoplasmic reticulum. 
Experimental Tissue Length of Dietary Level of Selenium Form Publication Treatment Group Treatment (Days) Dose (mg/kg Se) Group. 
An example of coding treatments within a publication [ 35 ]. 
Se, selenium. 
Reference Animal Species n Treatment Groups Diet Form Tissue Se Dose Rate (mg/kg) GPx Activity (nmol NADPH ox/min/mg prot). 
Description of the form of selenium studied for selenoprotein activity with changing concentrations of selenium in the diet for animal species and average gluthationine peroxidase (GPx) activity. The table indicates the number of treatment groups for each publication. A full description of the data set including methodology used can be found in Table S1 . 
Parameter Constant Slope n Treatment Groups. 
Table of effects for the overall relationship between selenium supplementation and gluthathione peroxidase (GPx) activity for animal species. Dose response relationships were determined using the equation: Log GPx activity = [Constant + Form + Tissue + Animal] + [Log Dose.Form + Log Dose.Tissue + Log Dose.Animal]. Model coefficients or effects and the average standard error of difference (SED) between pairs of effects (with the minimum and maximum SEDs where appropriate) are reported. 
1 This constant value constitutes the combined additive effect (intercept) of the combination of the first categories of Form, Tissue and Animal, namely Basal Diet, Adipose Tissue, and Bird. That is why the coefficients for each of these are zero; 2 This slope value constitutes the coefficient of LogDose ( i.e. , slope) for the same combination of the first categories of Form, Tissue and Animal, namely Basal Diet, Adipose Tissue, and Bird. Includes the stomach, duodenum, jejunum, ileum, caecum, colon; 3 Includes blood, platelets, erythrocytes, thrombocytes; 4 Includes epididymis, prostate, seminal vesicles and testis. 5 Includes brown and white adipose tissue; 6 Includes mouse, rat and guinea pig; 7 Includes chickens and turkeys; 8 Includes sheep, goat and cow. 
Reference Country Form Tissue Se Dose Rate (mg/kg) GPx Activity (nmol NADPH ox/min/mg prot) Used in Meta-Analysis?. 
Description of the country, form of selenium studied for selenoprotein activity with changing concentrations of selenium in the diet for investigated in human subjects. 
Parameter Constant Slope n Treatment Groups. 
Table of effects for humans showing the relationship between selenium intake and Glutathione Peroxidase (GPx) activity. Dose response relationships were determined using the equation: Log GPx activity = (Constant + Form + Tissue) + (Log Dose.Form + Log Dose.Tissue). Model coefficients or effects, and the average standard error of difference (SED) between pairs of effects (with the minimum and maximum SEDs where appropriate) are reported. 
1 Includes blood, platelet, erythrocyte; 2 This constant value constitutes the combined additive effect (intercept) of the combination of the first categories of Form and Tissue, namely Basal Diet and Red blood cells. That is why the coefficients for each of these are zero; 3 This slope value constitutes the coefficient of Log Dose ( i.e. , slope) for the same combination of the first categories of Form and Tissue, namely Basal Diet and Red blood cells. 
Compounds and Concentration/Dose Tested Treatment Time Cell Lines— In vivo Models Genes Regulated and Underlying Mechanisms Methods Used—Comments First Author, Year [Reference]. 
Soy isoflavones targeting epigenetic mechanisms in breast (cancer) in vitro and in vivo . 
Abbreviations: GEN: Genistein; DAI: Daidzein; GLY: Glycitein; AglyMax: synthetic mix of 49.8% DAI, 14.9% GLY, 6% GEN; HDACi: histone deacetylase inhibitor/inhibition; TSA: trichostatin A; PND: postnatal day; PNW: postnatal week; bw: body weight; SDS-PAGE: SDS-polyacrylamid gel electrophoresis; TAM: tamoxifen, a selective estrogen-receptor modulator; MTT: 3-(4,5-Dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazoliumbromid, a reagent for cell viability assays; RT-qPCR: reverse transcriptase-quantitative polymerase chain reaction; MSP: methylation-specific PRC; BS: bisulfite sequencing; ChIP: Chromatin Immunoprecipitation; IHC, immunohistochemistry; MeDIP, Methylated DNA Immunoprecipitation. 
Organ Compounds and Concentration/Dose Tested Incubation Time Cell Lines— In Vivo Models Genes Regulated and Underlying Mechanisms Methods Used—Comments First Author, Year [Reference]. 
Soy isoflavones targeting epigenetic mechanisms in uterus and ovaries in vitro and in vivo . 
Abbreviations: ovx: ovariectomized; i.p.: intraperitoneal; also see footnotes Table 1 . 
Organ Compounds and Concentration/Dosetested Incubation Time Cell lines— In Vivo Models Genes Regulated and Underlying Mechanisms Methods Used—Comments First Author, Year [Reference]. 
Soy isoflavones targeting epigenetic mechanisms in the urogenital system in vitro and in vivo . 
Abbreviations: RCC: renal cell carcinoma; also see footnotes Table 1 . 
Organ Compounds and Concentration/Dose Tested Incubation Time Cell Lines— In Vivo Models Genes Regulated and Underlying Mechanisms Methods Used—Comments First Author, Year [Reference]. 
Soy isoflavones targeting epigenetic mechanisms in the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) in vitro and in vivo . 
Abbreviations: SPI: soy protein isolate; AOM: Azoxymethane; G2535: contains 70.5% GEN, 26.3% DAI, 0.3% GLY); HPDE: Human pancreatic duct epithelial cells; also see footnotes Table 1 . 
Organ Compounds and Concentration/Dose Tested Incubatio n Time Cell lines— In Vivo Models Genes Regulated, Underlying Mechanisms Methods Used—Comments First AutorYear [Reference]. 
Soy isoflavones targeting epigenetic mechanisms in further in vivo studies. 
Abbreviations: ESC: embryonic stem cells; TAD: typical (high fat) American diet; PBMC: peripheral blood mononuclear cells; ULPC: Ultra Performance Liquid Chromatography; also see footnote Table 1. 
Phenotype Models High-dose STZ Low-dose STZ Akita db/db. 
General phenotype of diabetic eNOS ?/? mice. 
*Vs. diabetic wild-type mice; mo, months; Cho, plasma cholesterol; SBP, systolic blood pressure. 
Phenotype Models High-dose STZ (C57BL/6J) Low-dose STZ (C57BL/6J) Akita (C57BL/6J × 129S6/SvEv F1) db/db (C57BLKS/J). 
Comparison of renal phenotype in diabetic eNOS ?/? mice. 
*Vs. diabetic wild-type (DM WT) mice. 
PrP activities reported SFKs involved SFK target events affected References. 
SFKs and downstream events involved in PrP activities . 
Summary of some previously described activities of PrP (see main text) and the relevant molecular targets/events regulated by SFKs. The actual involvement of these pathways in the corresponding PrP phenotypes is hypothetical, except for those under “a? oligomer neurotoxicity” and “embryonic cell adhesion,” which have been experimentally confirmed . 
Compound Class Target Status Cancer type NCT numbers. 
Ang2/Tie2 targeting agents. 
Abbreviations: Ang1, angiopoietin 1; Ang2, angiopoietin 2; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; R, receptor; FGF, fibroblast growth factor. 
EMT-related molecules/genes Functions Importance in malignant glioma Reference. 
Importance of EMT-related molecules in malignant glioma. 
Abbreviations: CXCR4, chemokine (C–X–C motif) receptor 4; EMT, epithelial to mesenchymal transition; GBM, glioblastoma multiforme; IGFBP, insulin-like growth factor-binding protein; MSC, mesenchymal stem cell; POSTN , periostin; SIP1, SMAD-interacting protein 1; SNAI-1, Snail homology 1; TGF-?1, transforming growth factor-?1; TNC, tenascin C. 
Agents Mechanism of action Cancer type In vivo or vitro Effect and efficacy Reference. 
Summary of targeted therapies for MET signaling. 
Abbreviations: ALK, anaplastic lymphoid kinase; ATP, adenosine triphosphate; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; mAb, monoclonal antibody; OA-5D5, one-armed 5D5; VEGFR2, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2. 
Gene Primer Sequence 5'-3' Reference. 
Primers used in this study. 
Henle Koch’s Postulates [ 9 ] Bradford Hill’s Causative Principles [ 10 ]. 
Koch and Bradford Hill’s postulates for causative relations. 
The pathogen agent must be present in sick population and absent in healthy population. 
The agent must not appear randomly in another disease. 
The agent can be isolated and cultured from a diseased organism and should cause disease when introduced into a healthy organism. 
The agent isolated from the new host should be identical to the original causative agent. 
Strength of the association. The agent must be more common in cases than in healthy controls. 
Consistency. Different researchers must corroborate the association. 
Specificity. The disease must coexist with the agent in the same space, preferably over other associations of the same agent and another disease. 
Temporality. Exposure to the agent must predict the appearance of the disease. 
Gradient. A higher exposure must correlate with a higher probability to develop the disease. 
Plausibility. The association must be founded on the known biological aspects of the causative agent. 
Coherence. The association must be based on the known aspects of the disease. 
Experimental. Controlled conditions must reproduced and coincide with the disease and the blockage of biological mechanisms involved must reduce or prevent its appearance. 
Analogy. Agents with similar mechanisms must be associated to similar diseases. 
Human Virus Associated Tumors Reference. 
Human oncogenic viruses and their associated tumors. 
Mating yeast strain Growth onSD/-Leu-Trp/Aba medium Growth onSD/-Leu-Trp-His/Aba medium Growth onSD/-Leu-Trp-His-Ade/Aba medium. 
Screen of yeast strains that mate successfully on various defective media. 
SD, standard dropout. 
+, yeast strain can grow and turn blue; ±, yeast strain can grow but not blue. 
377 drugs and 80 diseases 832 drugs and 239 diseases Phases Associations inclinical trials Associations inprediction Coverage p-value Associations inclinical trials Associations inprediction Coverage p-value. 
Total numbers are unique associations, excluding redundancy between phases. 
Patients    NSAID-treated Controls. 
Patient characteristics before operation in patients randomized to NSAID or sham treatment. 
Mean ± SEM. 
Corresponding to tumor stages I–IV. 
Hb, hemoglobin; Bi/S, serum-bilirubin; ASAT, aspartate aminotransferase; ALAT, alanine aminotransferase. 
Gene name Accession no. Primer sequences Fragment length (bp) Supplier. 
Gene names and accession numbers, primer sequences, fragment length and suppliers, used in qRT-PCR. 
Annotation between brackets ( 24 ). 
Q-PCR ratio Sham-treated controls NSAID-treated P-value a. 
Tumor transcript alterations of stem cell-related genes in colorectal cancer from patients randomized to preoperative NSAID treatment versus sham treatment. 
Median values and mean ± SEM. 
Mann-Whitney U test. 
Q-PCR ratio Sham-treated controls NSAID-treated P-value a. 
Tumor microRNA alterations in colorectal cancer from patients randomized to preoperative NSAID treatment versus sham-treatment. 
Median values and mean ± SEM. 
Mann-Whitney U test. 
A, Gene transcript alterations in microarray analyses of pooled CRC tumors from patients randomized to preoperative NSAID treatment versus sham treatment.  Systematic name Gene name Descriptive name Array ratio No. of arrays with p<0.05. 
Microarray data and tumor gene expression profiles. 
Array ratio mean ± SEM. 
BMPR1/2 transcripts: not changed. 
Patients Lesion HPV (ISH) HPV (InnoLiPa) HPV (consensus primers) MCPyV HPyV6 HPyV7 BRAF NRAS HRAS KRAS Pi3KCA. 
One VP had a histological appearance of possible regressive keratoacanthoma,. 
while 2 VPs displayed slightly invasion. 
For one sample, HPV was detected by InnoLipa and could not be further characterized. -: no mutation or HPV, MCPyV, HPyV6 or HPyV7 was detected within the sample. NI (not informative): for 7 tumors, no results were obtained for KRAS or Pi3KCA sequencing. 
Name 5-3? Primers. 
Abbreviations: Adaptin2 (aP2); Peroxisome proliferator activator receptor gamma (PPAR ? ); CAAT enhancer binding protein alpha (CEBP/ ? ); CAAT enhancer binding protein alpha (CEBP/ ? ); Angiotensinogen (AGT); Angiotenin-converting enzyme (ACE); AngiotensinII type1 receptor (AT1-R); AngiotensinII type2 receptor (AT2-R). 
Clinicopathological indexes n Ku70 expression P -value * ATM expression P -value * Negative Positive Negative Positive. 
Expression of Ku70 and ATM and relationship with clinicopathological factors in CRC. 
Notes:. 
Statistical analysis was estimated with ? 2 test, and P <0.05 was considered statistically significant;. 
grading of differentiation status and TNM classification for colorectal cancer were based on the American Joint Committee on Cancer Staging Manual (7th edition, 2010). The tumors were classified into two groups: well differentiated (grades I and II) and poorly differentiated (grades III and IV). 
Abbreviations: ATM, ataxia-telangiectasia mutated; CRC, colorectal cancer; TNM, tumor node metastasis. 
Variables Recurrence Survival HR (95% CI) P -value HR (95% CI) P -value. 
Univariate and multivariate analyses of recurrence and survival (Cox regression). 
Abbreviations: HR, hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; TNM, tumor node metastasis; ATM, ataxia-telangiectasia mutated. 
REFNET RAT HUMAN BOTH. 
Number of nodes, edges, signaling edges, and transcriptional edges in segmented reference network, predicted rat network, predicted human network, and predicted network intersection between rat and human. 
DATASET # CASES # CONTROLS. 
The number of cases and controls in the five TCGA datasets. 
CANCER PATHWAYS RANDOM PATHWAYS. 
The STPs analyzed using the TCGA ovarian carcinoma dataset. 
PATHWAY LOG BAYES FACTOR P -VALUE. 
The CASA results for the STPs analyzed using the TCGA ovarian carcinoma dataset. 
PATHWAY P-VALUE. 
The SPIA results for the STPs analyzed using the TCGA ovarian carcinoma datasets. 
PATHWAY COMBINED P -VALUE CASA NOTEWORTHY SPIA NOTEWORTHY. 
The combined results for the STPs analyzed using the TCGA ovarian carcinoma dataset. There is an X in the far right columns if CASA or SPIA separately found the STP noteworthy. 
bait plasmid prey plasmid QDO+X-?-gal+aureobasidin A. 
After co-transformation of the yeast strain Gold with the indicated plasmids, cells were grown on synthetic media lacking adenine and histidine supplemented with 125 ng/ml aureobasidin and 40 µg/ml X-?-gal. Cell growth and blue color indicated that the proteins interact. 
? no or reduced growth on selection media and no blue color, + colony growth on selection media and blue color. n?3 independent experiments. 
bait vector prey vector QDO+X-?-gal+aureobasidin A. 
The yeast strain Gold was co-transformed with the indicated plasmids. Cells were grown on synthetic media lacking adenine and histidine. The medium was supplemented with 125 ng/ml aureobasidin and 40 µg/ml X-?-gal. Cell growth and blue color indicated that the proteins interact. 
? no or reduced growth on selection media and no blue color, + colony growth on selection media and blue color. n?3 independent experiments. 
bait vector prey vector ?-gal. 
After co-transformation of the yeast strain Y190 with the indicated plasmids with and without the hypothetical coiled-coil motif, cells were grown on synthetic media lacking histidine, supplemented with 30 mM 3 AT. Cell growth on these media and blue staining in subsequent ?-gal-filter assays indicated direct interaction of the proteins. 
no growth on selection media or staining in ß-galactosidase filter assay, + growth on selection media and blue staining in in ß-galactosidase filter assay. n?=?3 independent experiments. 
Cell line Gefitinib (uM) EMD 121463 (uM) CI. 
Combination index (CI). 
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. 
Pathological characteristics of the patient cohort used for mRNA analysis. 
Chronic pancreatitis Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. 
Pathological characteristics of the patient cohort used for protien analysis. 
VDR . 
VDR expression correlates with CYP24A1 expression in CP but not in PDAC patients. 
Ki67 . 
Ki67 expression correlates with CYP24A1 expression in PDAC but not in CP patients. 
Marker Cancer Use LOE SOR. 
Biomarkers recommended by EGTM for use in gastrointestinal malignancies. 
Mutational status, i.e ., patients with specific mutations in K-RAS are unlikely to benefit from the anti-EGFR antibodies, cetuximab or panitumumab. 
Gene amplification or overexpression, i.e ., benefit from trastuzumab depends on HER2 gene amplification or overexpression. 
Mutational status, i.e ., mutational status of c- KIT may be used to determine optimum dose of imatinib for patients with advanced GIST.Abbreviations: LOE, level of evidence3,4; SOR, strength of recommendation; 4FIT, fecal immunochemical test; FOBT, fecal occult blood testing; dMMR, defective mismatch repair; FU, fluorouracil; GOJ, gastro-oesophageal junction; GIST, gastrointestinal stromal tumor. 
Advantages of FITs compared to gFOBTs. 
Summarized from refs. 10 – 15 . 
gFOBTs detect the presence of any blood, FITs are specific for human blood. 
No. of patients Tumor stages Key findings Ref. 
Recent studies reporting a prognostic impact of preoperative CEA in patients with CRC cancer. 
Investigated colon cancer patients only. 
Target Drug Phase of Development Ref. 
Established and emerging therapeutic targets for the treatment of colorectal cancer. 
Regorafenib inhibits VEGFR1, VEGFR2, VEGFR3, PDGFRbeta, Tie-2, FGFR1, RET and BRAF. 
Marker Cancer Potential use Ref. 
Emerging biomarkers for gastrointestinal cancers. 
Amongst the best-validated multigene signatures are the ColoPrint test (Agendia) (129), 634-geneColDx (Almac) (130), and the Oncotype DX colon cancer assay (Genomic Health) (131). 
Abbreviations: CRC, colorectal cancer; GIST, gastrointestinal cancer. 
  Characteristic Patients Controls. 
Patients characteristics of clinical studies. 
*In total 30 tisue samples corresponding to 15 CRC and 15 normal homologous tissues from 15 CRC patients were analyzed. 
Na: not applicable. 
  Characteristic CRC Polyps Controls. 
Clinicopathologic characteristics in serum samples of patients with CRC and healthy control. 
Na: not applicable. 
  CMI Specificity Sensitivity. 
Cumulative promoter hypermethylation of WIF1, PENK, and NPY DNA in serum. 
Sensitivity (Se) and Specificity (Sp) are shown at several CMI thresholds for both CRC series: Se?>?90% (CMI?=?0.62 for Series 1 and 0.01 for Series 2), Sp?>?90% (1.15 and 0.94) and Sp?>?95% (2.85 and 2.48). We note the existence of two similar numerical ranges for the thresholds (0.68-0.75 for Series 1 and 0.60-0.73 for Series 2) where both Sp and Se are high (>80%). CMI values are the cumulative methylation index of three genes. 
Control ANG II ANG II+DAL ANG II+LOS. 
Systolic arterial pressure and thoracic aorta wall morphology. Systolic arterial pressure temporal evaluation in ANG II (400 ng/Kg/min), ANG II (400 ng/Kg/min)+DAL (350 ng/Kg/min) and ANG II (400 ng/Kg/min)+LOS (10 mg/Kg/day, gavage) rats. Thoracic aorta wall morphology in control, ANG II (400 ng/Kg/min), ANG II (400 ng/Kg/min)+DAL (350 ng/Kg/min) and ANG II (400 ng/Kg/min)+LOS (10 mg/Kg/day, gavage) rats. Aorta cross-sectional area (CSA), wall thickness and wall/lumen (W/L) ratio. Data are represented as mean±SEM; (n) indicates the number of animals in each group *P<0.05 vs control; **P<0.05 vs ANG II. 
Compound Antitumor activity and/or mechanism Animal/cell line tested IC50, % survival, % mortality or % growth inhibition, or dose Reference. 
Essential oils monoterpenes with antitumor activity. 
ND: not determined. 
?Variable values refer to differences on the concentrations used, time of treatment, cell line, and/or assay used. 
a% survival and/or proliferation. 
b% growth inhibition. 
c% mortality. 
Factors Number of patients (%) Clinical response Pathological response     Stable disease?+?progressive disease Partial response?+?complete response P Complete pathological response Incomplete pathological response P. 
Clinical characteristics of HER2-positive breast cancer patients and the univariate analysis of predictive biomarkers of the response to anthracyclines. 
IGF-1R, insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor; pAKT, phosphorylated AkT; pMAPK, phosphorylated mitogen-activated protein kinase. 
Factor Relapse-free survival Overall survival Factor Relapse-free survival Overall survival   P Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) P Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval)   P Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) P Hazard ratio (95% confidence interval). 
Univariate analysis of relapse-free survival and overall survival. 
IGF-1R, insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor; pAKT, phosphorylated AKT; pMAPK, phosphorylated mitogen-activated protein kinase. 
Representative proteins for each group. 
For each functional group, defined by means of Consensus Clustering, we identified the three more typical proteins. The proteins are listed in order of “typicality”. 
Parameters Mutual Information Values. 
Body Weight LZR OZR  CC BB CC BB. 
The body weight of all rats was measured at the start and end of the feeding period. All values are presented as mean ± SEM (*-p<0.05 vs. LZRCC, #-p<0.05 vs. OZRCC, $-p<0.05 vs. OZRBB). 
LZR OZR  CC BB CC BB. 
OZRCC animals showed a significantly higher rate of total ROS, superoxide and peroxynitrite generation. Pretreatment with BB was able to inhibit the increase in the rate of free radical production. All values are presented as mean ± SEM (*-p<0.05 vs. LZRCC, #-p<0.05 vs. OZRCC, $-p<0.05 vs. OZRBB). 
Variables <45 yrs n=44 46-74 yrs n=57 ?75 yrs n=35 p value ?. 
Variables are expressed as mean (SD). 
? p from ANOVA. Parameters showing significant differences between groups are in bold. 
BMI = body mass index; WBC = White blood cells; PAI-1 = Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; ApoAI = Apolipoprotein-AI; ApoB = Apolipoprotein B; a.u. =arbitrary units. 
Variables 46-74 yrs n=155 ?75 yrs n=38 p value ?. 
Variables are expressed as mean (SD). 
? Independent sample t–test. Parameters showing significant differences between groups are in bold. 
BMI = body mass index; WBC = White blood cells; PAI-1 =Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; ApoAI = Apolipoprotein-AI; ApoB = Apolipoprotein B; a.u. =arbitrary unit. 
Variables CTR n = 92 T2DM n = 193 p value ?. 
Normally distributed variables are expressed as mean (SD) and categorical variables as percentage (n). 
? Independent sample t –test. 
Parameters showing significant differences between CTR and T2DM are in bold. 
AMI= Acute Myocardial Infarction; BMI = body mass index; WBC = White blood cells; PAI-1 =Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; ApoAI = Apolipoprotein-AI; ApoB = Apolipoprotein B; a.u. =arbitrary units. 
Applications of various prediction programs for Bombyx mori target miRNAs. 
Results of predictions of several Bombyx mori specific miRNA target genes. 
Gene Chromosomal location Name Homo sapiens Mus musculus. 
Overview of groups I and II P-21 activated kinase (PAK) chromosomal location. 
Effect of PAKs on signalling cascades Disease Wnt/?-catenin MAPK PI3K mTOR NF-?B Reference PAK1 PAK4 PAK1 PAK4 PAK1 PAK4 PAK1 PAK4 PAK1 PAK4. 
Effect of PAKs on cell signalling cascades in GI disease. 
(+) investigated; (?) not investigated. 
MAPK, mitogen activated protein kinase; PAK, P-21 activated kinase; PI3K, phospoinositide 3-kinase. 
PAK overexpression in GI tumourigenesis Disease Proliferation Invasion Metastasis Reference PAK1 PAK4 PAK1 PAK4 PAK1 PAK4. 
P-21 activated kinase (PAK) overexpression in GI tumourigenesis. 
(+) investigated; (?) not investigated. 
*PAK1 expression increases with advanced disease stage. 
  Gene name Sequence accession number Primer sequence Primer location (Exon) Prod. length T°a. 
Oligonucleotides used for the qRT-PCR analysis. 
SG phenotype difference from wt (%) No. mutants No. manually confirmed Confirmation rate (%). 
Numbers refer to SGs observed under standard screening conditions (exposure to 400 mM 2-DG for 90 min). 
Total no. Average no. per gene Fraction of proteins with at least one domain (%). 
Domains were identified as previously described: LCRs [32] , intrinsically disordered domains (IDRs) [33] , [34] , and prion-like domains [35] . 
* Domains are shown in Fig. S9 . 
** Fraction of proteins with at least one domain over 30 residues long (%). 
*** Intrinsically disordered proteins; proteins predicted to be disordered throughout their entire length. 
NA, not analyzed. 
Gene symbol//gene title (ref #) – functional categories K+-free medium ouabain  Fold change p value Fold change p value. 
RASMC were treated with 3 mM ouabain or K+-free medium for 6 hr. Listed are assigned genes whose expression was increased in K+-free medium by more than 3-fold and was different by less than 2-fold in the presence of ouabain compared to K+-free medium. GeneChip expression analysis was performed as described in the Methods section. mRNA content in control cells was taken as 1.00. Genes whose expression is altered in ischemia/hypoxia are shown in bold . Appearing in parentheses are numbers of citations in PubMed. Listed in italics are genes whose differential expression was detected in ischemic tissue by whole genome microarray-based analysis [12] – [18] . Data on gene function from GeneCards database ( www.genecards.org ) were used for identification of gene function. Functional categories: T– regulators of transcription/translation, RNA processing and degradation; D– regulators of cell adhesion, migration, proliferation, differentiation and death; I– inflammation and immune responses; O– others; U– unknown function. 
Gene symbol//gene title (ref #) – functional categories K+-free medium ouabain  Fold change p value Fold change p value. 
RVSMC were treated with 3 mM ouabain or K+-free medium for 6 hr. Listed are assigned genes whose expression was decreased in K+-free medium by more than 3-fold and was different by less than 2-fold in the presence of ouabain compared to K+-free medium. GeneChip expression analysis was performed as described in the Methods section. mRNA content in control cells was taken as 1.00. Genes whose expression is altered in ischemia/hypoxia are shown in bold . Appearing in parentheses are numbers of citations in PubMed. Given in italics are genes whose differential expression was detected in ischemic tissue by whole genome microarray-based analysis [12] – [18] . Data on gene function from GeneCards database ( www.genecards.org ) were used for identification of gene function. Functional categories: T– regulators of transcription/translation, RNA processing and degradation; D– regulators of cell adhesion, migration, proliferation, differentiation and death; I– inflammation and immune responses; O – others; U – unknown function. 
Na+,K+-ATPase was inhibited for 6 hr by 3 mM ouabain or K+-free medium. Expression of other genes encoding members of HIF-1 ( Hif-1a, Hif-2a, Hif-3a ), NF?B ( p65, cRel, RelB, p50, p52, I?B ) as well as other hypoxia-inducible transcription factors ( p53, Sp3, Gata2, Stat5, Gadd153 ) was not significantly changed. 
Gene Cell treatment symbol Control (High-Na+, low-K+) Low-Na+, high-K+ Scrambled siRNA HIF-1? siRNA  normoxia hypoxia ouabain normoxia hypoxia ouabain normoxia hypoxia ouabain normoxia hypoxia ouabain. 
Control non-transfected RASMC or RASMC transfected with scrambled or Hif-1? siRNA were exposed to hypoxia/glucose deprivation or 3 mM ouabain in control or low-Na+, high-K+ medium for 24 hr and RNAs content of genes listed in the left column was quantified by real-time quantitative RT-PCR as described in Methods. Means ± S.E. obtained in 3 independent experiments performed in triplicate are shown. Mean values for cells incubated in control medium under normoxic conditions were taken as 1.00. 
Gene symbol Forward primers Reverse primers. 
Study Country Patients Methods Primary aim Methylation site CDH13 expression. 
Basic characteristics of the included studies. 
Abbreviations: NSCLC, nonsmall cell lung cancer; MSP, methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction. 
Up regulation Down regulation 1dpa 5 dpa 7 dpa 12 dpa 1 dpa 5 dpa 7 dpa 12 dpa. 
Patterns of up or down regulation observed at all four post-amputation time points or three of the four time points. 
u?=?up regulation, d?=?down regulation, n?=?no change. Slash means “or”; dpa?=?days post-amputation. 
Biological process Total Category Proteins U D U/D. 
Number of Xenopus proteins in each biological process category that are up regulated (U) or down regulated (D) on all dpa or 3 of 4 dpa, and U/D ratios. 
Numbers in parentheses indicate percentages of the total proteins up or down regulated. VT?=?vesicle-associated transport and NVT non-vesicle-associated transport. 
Biological process U D U/D. 
Number of Xenopus proteins up regulated (U) or down regulated (D) with FC =/>2 at one or more time points after amputation, and the ratio of U/D, according to biological process category. 
Biological process 1 TP 2 TP 3-4 TP. 
Percentage of up or down regulated Xenopus proteins with FC =/>2 at one time point (TP), 2 time points or 3–4 time points after amputation, according to biological process category. 
  11 dpa 5dpa 7 dpa 12 dpa   U D U/D U D U/D U D U/D U D U/D. 
Number of highly regulated Xenopus proteins up regulated and down regulated at each time point after amputation and U/D ratios (bold). 
CA?=?chromatin associated; TFs?=?transcription factors; RP?=?RNA processing; RPs?=?ribosomal proteins; TLFs?=?translation factors; MPs?=?muscle proteins; NMPs?=?non-muscle proteins; CM?=?carbohydrate metabolism; NCM?=?non-carbohydrate metabolism; INF?=?inflammation; APO?=?apoptosis related; CHA?=?chaperones; PRO?=?proteasome associated; NPRO?=?non-proteasome associated. 
Biological process Total Category Proteins U D U/D. 
Number of axolotl proteins in each biological process category that are up regulated (U) or down regulated (D) on all dpa or 2 of 3 dpa, and U/D ratios. 
Biological process Category Common Axo + /Xeno - Xeno + /Axo -. 
Number of proteins common to blastema/fibroblastema formation in regenerating axolotl and Xenopus limbs. 
Numbers in parentheses indicate percent shared. 
  Axo + /Xeno - Axo + /Xeno +. 
Proteins found in regenerating limbs of A. mexicanum but not X. laevis and proteins shared by the two species. 
Bold indicates FC =/>2 on one or more dpa; + indicates up regulated; - indicates predominantly down regulated during blastema/fibroblastema formation. NC indicates no change. For the shared proteins, the first symbol(s) in parentheses indicate axolotl, and the second symbol(s) indicate Xenopus. 
Parameter Statin users Non-statin users P value  N (%) N (%) . 
Characteristics No. %. 
Patient and specimen characteristics. 
1 After macro-dissection, when applicable. 
Assay Invalid test Invalid rate (%). 
Invalid test rates. 
    HRM Sanger sequencing     M WT Total M WT Total. 
Method correlations between THxID ™ -BRAF test and HRM and Sanger sequencing. 
M: Mutation; WT: Wild-type. 
  WT V600 mutation Invalid result Specimen characteristics HRM Sanger sequencing THxID™ -BRAF test HRM Sanger sequencing THxID™ -BRAF test HRM Sanger sequencing THxID™ -BRAF test. 
Pathological characteristics and analytical performances of each method. 
Study Source in which metformin demonstrated antitumor activity. 
The preclinical development of metformin in pancreatic cancer . 
Site Identified phosphatase Comments, references. 
Overview of studies reporting phosphatases regulating ?-syn phosphorylation. 
Parameter pS935 pS1292. 
Comparison of the two different LRRK2 phosphorylation sites pS935 and pS1292. 
Site PP1 PP2A PP2B PP5. 
Overview of different classes of phosphatases reported to regulate tau phosphorylation sites, including PP1, PP2A, PP2B, and PP5. 
Housekeeping genes Gene Symbol RefSeq mRNA Forward Primer Reverse Primer. 
Genes Fold-Change direction. 
Genes Fold-Change direction. 
Genes T1AM Thyroid hormone Insulin Cortisol. 
Virus Group Cells Gene targeted siRNAs per gene Host factors identified. 
Genome-wide siRNA screen for host factors related to virus infections. 
Term Name Count P-value Adjusted p-value. 
Results of functional enrichment analysis for DEGs (top 15). 
Count: the number of differentially expressed gene; P-value was obtained by expression analysis systemic explorer test; P-value was adjusted by Benjamini-Hochberg method. 
Term Name Count P-value Adjusted p-value. 
Results of KEGG pathway enrichment analysis for DEGs. 
Count: the number of differentially expressed gene; P-value was obtained by expression analysis systemic explorer test; P-value was adjusted by Benjamini-Hochberg method. 
Gene symbol Function Variation associated with AD Reference. 
Genetic variants associated with AD risk and inflammatory pathways . 
Mitochondrial derived-DAMP molecule Receptor activated Proteins activated/up-regulated Cytokines produced Reference. 
Mitochondrial-derived DAMP molecules . 
NA, not available . 
Ovariectomy Reversal by estrogen treatment References. 
Comparison between the effects of ovariectomy and estrogen reposition for metabolic inflammation-related processes. 11beta-HSD1, 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase. 
In silico datasets  Cohort Affymetrix Illumina TMA samples. 
TMA: tissue microarray; SD: standard deviation; IDC: invasive ductal carcinoma. 
ILC: invasive lobular carcinoma; ER: estrogen receptor; TNBC: triple negative basal cell type. 
Note: Technically unsatisfactory samples were left out. 
Connexin isotype Significant prognostic correlations Hazard ratio 95% Confidence Log-rank P  Positive Negative  interval (significance). 
A: Affymetrix platform using relapse-free survival (RFS) data if not indicated, distant metastasis-free survival (DMFS) data indicated as M or overall survival data (OS). 
I: Illumina platform using OS data only (not indicated). 
Parameter p-value HR 95% CI    Lower Upper. 
HR: hazard ratio; CI: confidence interval;. 
0123: score categories where _ represents thresholds. 
Relation Subject ID INPPL1 p.T180A Lymphedema Diagnosis Onset of Symptoms Age at Study NIRF Phenotype Comments. 
Target Compound Screening method Validation Reference. 
E3 ligase Implicated in disease Reference. 
Drugs or treatment median OS [months] reference. 
The remaining 15 studies could not be evaluated for OS but none seemed to show dramatic benefit or evidence that their numbers would be much different from the 12 listed here. It is important not to conclude from the differing OS in this table that one treatment might be different or better than another. Study entry criteria, previous treatments, and other variables make close comparisons between these studies impossible. What we can conclude is that OS is short, glioblastoma is an aggressive disease and better treatments are needed. 
Selected recent quotes on the strand of thinking in oncology from the last two years, the principles upon which CUSP9* was developed. Words outside of quotation marks are our addition but we believe in the spirit in which the quoted authors meant their comments. CSC = cancer stem cell; GBM = glioblastoma. 
DRUG T1/2 core survival pathway[s] inhibited…. 
Breast cancer resistance protein, BCRP; Neurokinin-1, synonymous with 11 amino acid, 1.3 kDa peptide substance P; angiotensin converting enzyme, ACE reactive oxygen species, ROS, a term used to refer to any atom with an unpaired valence electron; Translationally controlled tumor protein, TCTP; matrix metaloproteinase -2, -9, MMPs; References are given in the drug's section in text. 
DRUG p-450 inhibited metabolism by common SE rare SE ref. 
* = Alcohol intolerance is not listed as side effect of disulfiram even though this is severe and universal because ALDH inhibition and consequent alcohol intolerance is the main and expected effect of disulfiram. References to the pharmacology and side effect profile of the individual drugs are given in the text. GFR, glomerular filtration rate; LFT, liver function tests;. 
Parameter Pilot Set Test Set Validation Set (GER) Validation Set (FRA) adj. p value. 
Significant differences in the pre- and posttherapeutic therapy was due to the French cohort (GER – German cohort, FRA –French cohort, uT and uN – T-stage and lymph node status assessed by ultrasound, cM – clinically assessed distant metastases, 5-FU – 5-Fluorouracil, Ox – Oxaliplatin, RT – Radiotherapy, ypT and ypN – histopathologically assessed T-stage and lymph node status after preoperative therapy, yM – status of distant metastases after preoperative therapy, DFS – disease-free survival, CSS- cancer-specific survival). 
  RFS   BCSS   OS     HR (95% CI) P HR (95% CI) P HR (95% CI) P. 
Cox univariate and multivariate analysis of RFS, BCSS and OS in cohort 1 (RPPA), and also stratified into the ER-positive cohort. 
*Multivariate analysis included adjustment for tumor size, grade, age, nodal, ER, PR and Her2 status. Tumor size and age are both continuous variables. PRDX1 protein expression levels are stratified by the median. #PRDX1 protein expression levels are stratified by the median protein expression value. BCSS, breast cancer-specific survival; CI, confidence interval; ER, estrogen receptor; Her2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; HR, hazard ratio; OS, overall survival; PR, progesterone receptor; PRDX1, peroxiredoxin 1; RFS, recurrence-free survival; RPPA, reverse phase protein arrays. 
  RFS   BCSS   OS     HR (95% CI) P HR (95% CI) P HR (95% CI) P. 
Cox univariate and multivariate analysis of RFS, BCSS and OS in cohort 2 (TMA), and also stratified into the ER-positive cohort. 
*Multivariate analysis included adjustment for tumor size, grade, age, nodal, ER, PR, Her2 and Ki67 status. PRDX1 protein expression levels stratified by the median. #PRDX1 protein expression levels are stratified by the median protein expression value. BCSS, breast cancer-specific survival; CI, confidence interval; ER, estrogen receptor; Her2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; HR, hazard ratio; OS, overall survival; PR, progesterone receptor; PRDX1, peroxiredoxin 1; RFS, recurrence-free survival; RPPA, reverse phase protein arrays. 
Protein* Gene FC # Log 2 FC P value Adjusted P value. 
Proteins altered with PRDX1 protein expression in cohort 3 after stratification into the ER-positive cohort. 
*Significant adjusted P value ( P <0.05) highlighted in italics . # FC, fold change. ER, estrogen receptor; PRDX1, peroxiredoxin 1. 
Characteristics AEG-1 expression   Low or none N (%) High N (%) Chi-square test, P -value. 
Association of AEG-1 expression with clinicopathological characteristics of PDAC patients. 
Variables AEG-1 expression level Correlation coefficient P -value. 
Spearman correlation analysis of AEG-1 vs. clinical pathologic factors. 
  Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis   No. patients P Regression coefficient (SE) P Relative risk 95% confidence interval. 
Univariate and multivariate analyses of various prognostic parameters in patients with PDAC. 
Feature Classification n (%). 
Clinical characteristics of colon adenocarcinoma patients. 
Sample size for sex and age (n?=?123), for tumor differentiation grade (n?=?117), for tumor stage (n?=?122), for radiotherapy treatment (n?=?110), for chemotherapy treatment (n?=?121), for a treatment (n?=?110), for treatment response (n?=?105) and last follow-up status (n?=?101). 
Feature Classification n (%). 
Molecular characteristics of colon adenocarcinoma patients. 
Sample size for MGMT methylation status (n?=?110), for percentage MGMT expression (n?=?114), MGMT expression intensity (n?=?114), percentage CD133 expression (n?=?110), and CD133 expression intensity (n?=?110). 
    OS DFS Variables Mean (95% CI) p value Mean (95% CI) p value. 
Interaction of overall survival (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS) with histopathological variables. 
Statistically significant variables (*p?<?0.05). CI, confidence interval. 
  OS DFS Variables HR (CI) p value HR (CI) p value. 
Multivariate analysis: cox proportional hazards model for OS and DFS. 
HR, Hazard ratio. CI, confidence interval. Statistically significant variables (*p?<?0.05). 
Cancer Regulatory Functions of CD147 Investigators (References). 
Dysregulation of CD147 has been associated with nearly every type of cancer. 
ADAM17: a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 17; EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; ERK: extracellular signal-regulated kinase; FGFR: fibroblast growth factor receptor; GnT-Iva: acetylglucosaminyltransferase-Iva; HO-1: heme oxygenase-1; HUVEC: human umbilical vein endothelial cells; LYVE-1: lymphatic vessel endothelial hyaluronan receptor-1; NSCLC: non-small cell lung cancer; OSCC: oral squamous cell carcinoma; STAT3: Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; UCB: urothelial carcinoma of the bladder; VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Data Set Control Group (A) Comparison Group (B) Number of Differentially Regulated Genes (A vs . B). 
Number of differentially regulated gene between subconfluent, confluent, and EGF (100 ng/mL) treated H292 cells after 24 h. Genes with expression changes >2-fold and p values < 0.05 are listed. Sample names are listed in the parentheses. 
S. cerevisiae Human Subcellular Localization Functions in Membrane Trafficking. 
Membrane trafficking related monomeric GTP-binding proteins in yeast and their homologs in human. 
Organism/Tissue or Cells Main Findings References. 
Circadian aspects of miRNAs, lncRNAs and proteins involved in chromatin remodeling. Findings discussed in Section 2 , Section 6 and Section 8 are omitted. 1 ICR = imprinting control region; 2 Mico = maternal intergenic circadian oscillating; NAMPT = nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase; os = opposite strand; 3 ZT = Zeitgeber time; 4 PSF = polypyrimidine tract-binding protein-associated splicing factor; 5 NONO = non-POU domain-containing octamer binding protein; 6 SFPQ = splicing factor proline/glutamine-rich. 
Viral Agents Mechanism of Action Reference. 
Substances that target the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway. 
Associates with the plasma membrane and activates PI3K, resulting in PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway activation. 
Inhibits PP2A, resulting in activation of Akt. 
Inhibits B56? form of the PP2A holoenzyme, resulting in activation of Akt. 
Degrades TSC2, activating mTORC1. 
Activates PDK1 and mTORC2, activating Akt. 
Inhibits PP2A, resulting in activation of Akt. 
Degrades TSC1/TSC2, activating mTORC1, which enhances negative feedback, inactivating the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway. 
Induces ROS, inactivating Akt in lymphoma and leukemia cell lines. 
Induces ROS, activating PI3K/Akt in prostate cancer cell line. 
Activates JNK and induces mR-190 expression, activating Akt in a bronchial epithelial cell line. 
Induces ROS, activating Akt in a bronchial epithelial cell line. 
Induces ROS, activating PI3K/Akt in a prostate cancer cell line. 
Induces ROS, inactivating the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway in mice peritoneal exudate. 
Activates Akt in a colon cancer cell line. 
Activates PI3K through nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChR). 
Activates PI3K nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChR). 
Increases EGFR expression and Ras mutation. 
Inhibits PP2A activity and decreases PTEN expression, activating PI3K/Akt in melanoma and colon cancer cell lines. 
Activates PKC?, inhibitory phosphorylating IRS1. 
Upregulates PTEN, inactivating PI3K. 
Induces ceramide, activating PP2A and inhibiting Akt. 
Induces ceramide, activating Rheb/mTORC1/S6K; negative feedback attenuates Akt activation. 
Activates JNK1/2, inhibitory phosphorylating IRS1. 
Increases SOCS3 level, blocking IRS1 binding to IR. 
Increases PTP1B activity, dephosphorylating IRS1 at tyrosine site. 
Activates S6K, inhibitory phosphorylating IRS1. 
Activate PI3K? through G-protein–coupled receptors. 
P<0.05    Total Upregulated Downregulated. 
Identification of differentially expressed genes (DEGs), numbers obtained from application of different criteria. 
CCRC, conventional colorectal carcinoma; SCRC, serrated colorectal carcinoma; control, healthy mucosa samples. 
KEGG id. Gene count BH. 
Enriched pathways for differentially expressed genes (BH P<0.05) in conventional colorectal carcinoma. Source, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG), Homo sapiens (hsa) identification numbers. 
BH, P-value after Benjamin-Hochberg correction. 
KEGG id. Gene count BH. 
Enriched pathways for differentially expressed genes (P<0.05) in serrated colorectal carcinoma. Source, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG), Homo sapiens (hsa) identification numbers. 
BH, P-value after Benjamin-Hochberg correction. 
Gene symbol Degree Dir P-value_BH. 
Information on the hub genes in the PPI network. 
PPI, protein-protein interaction; Dir, direction BH, Benjamini-Hochberg; TRAF6, tumour necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6; ATN1, atrophin 1; ITGB1, integrin ?1; FXR2, fragile X-related gene 2; IKBKG, inhibitor of nuclear factor ?-B kinase subunit ?. 
Study (reference) Type No. of patients (cancer type) Therapy Support therapy Hb control Disease control Observations. 
Clinical trials with reported effects of ESA in cancer patients performed between 2009 and 2014 . 
Study type : Meta, meta-analysis; Ph2-4, clinical study phase 2–4; Retro, retro-analysis. Disease/cancer type : CIA, chemotherapy-induced anemia; HL, Hodgkin’s lymphoma; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; SCLC, small-cell lung cancer. Therapy : At, antithrombotic; CERA, continuous erythropoietin receptor activator; Cx, chemotherapy; DP, darbepoetin; EA, epoetin alpha; EB, epoetin beta; ESA, erythropoiesis-stimulating agent; ET, epoetin theta; EZ, epoetin zeta; Fe, iron supplementation; Na, neoadjuvant; Rx, radiotherapy; S, surgery; TF, transfusion; T, transplantation. Disease control and observations: AF, adverse effects; CR, complete remission; DFS, disease-free survival; Hb, hemoglobin; HRQoL, health-related quality of life; NR, not reported; NT, neurotoxicity; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; PRO, patient-reported outcomes; RFS, relapse-free survival; TE, thrombotic events; TR, tumor response; ?/ ?/ ?, increased/decreased/no significant difference . 
Studies with indicated negative effects are marked in gray . 
Study (reference) No. of patients (cancer type) Therapy EPO expression as PF (method) EPOR expression as PF (method) Other observations. 
Clinical studies exploring prognostic significance of EPO and EPOR expression in cancer patients . 
Disease/cancer type : BPH, benign prostatic hyperplasia; CPT, choroid plexus tumors (glioma, meningioma); ER+, estrogen receptor positive; GAC, gastric adenocarcinoma; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; PR+, progesterone receptor positive; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; PCa, prostate carcinoma; PDAC, pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; PIN, prostate intraepithelial neoplasia. Therapy: ESA, erythropoiesis-stimulating agent; Rx, radiotherapy; S, surgery; TAM, tamoxifen; TZ, trastuzumab. Prognostic factor and observations : ATB, aggressive tumor behavior (TNM stage, T and N classification); CRR, cancer recurrence rate; DSS, disease-specific survival; IPF, independent prognostic factor; LRC, loco-regional control; MD, microvessel density; MFS, metastases-free survival; OS, overall survival; PF, prognostic factor; PFS, progression-free survival; sEPO, serum EPO; TR, tumor response; ?/ ?/ ?, increased/decreased/no significant difference. Methods : IHC, immunohistochemistry; qPCR, quantitative PCR; WB, Western blotting . 
proteins of interest gene Swiss-Prot ID protein description peptides frames hits normalized ratio fold change. 
Proteins identified as having greater than a two-fold change and triggering no less than four separate MS/MS fragmentation scans (hits) of at least two uniquely identified amino acid sequences (peptides) for proteins with no known association to Plk1 or one unique peptide for proteins with a Plk1 association, as identified by ingenuity pathway analysis (IPA). Also included is the number of LC peaks within a well-defined rectangular region in the M/Z versus retention time plane (frames), where each unique peptide was identified. 
  enrichment ( p -value)   overall 3 min 5 min l0 min 30 min. 
**** p < 0.0001, *** p < 0.001, ** p < 0.01, * p < 0.1. 
  enrichment ( p -value)   overall 3 min 5 min 10 min 30 min. 
**** p < 0.0001. *** p < 0.001. ** p < 0.01. * p < 0.1. 
  enrichment ( p -value)   overall 3 min 5 min 10 min 30 min. 
**** p < 0.0001. ** p < 0.001. ** p < 0.01. * p < 0.1. 
protein Phosoho site cellular localization name. 
Symbol Gene name Description Stimulus Hypoxia DMOG EGF EGF?+?DMOG. 
Genes included on the angiogenesis PCR array and expressed by Caco-2 cells. 
The Human Angiogenesis RT2 Profiler™ PCR Array was used to screen cDNA from Caco-2 cells exposed for 24 hours to either 1% O2, DMOG (1 mM), EGF (10 ng/ml) or a combination of EGF plus DMOG. Data were compared to HKG: ActB (?-actin), 18S rRNA, HPRT1 (hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase 1) and RPL13A (60S ribosomal protein L13a), and are fold change versus untreated cells. Changes ?2-fold are shown in bold. Data are from a representative array performed in duplicate using cDNA pooled from 3 different replicate experiments. 
Antioxidants Potential role. 
Antioxidants and their potential roles associated with reactive oxygen species (ROS) mediated damage . 
Biomarker Sample Indication pPROM vs. PTB. 
Markers studied in various maternal–fetal compartments and their similarities and differences between PTB with intact membranes and preterm premature rupture of the membranes (pPROM) . 
Parameter Author Study organ Number of patents Type of trial Study drug Mode of action Outcome measures. 
Completed clinical trials evaluating anti-fibrotic drugs in organs other than the gut. 
AT1, angiotensin II receptor antagonist subtype 1; CXCL, CXC ligand; ECM, extracellular matrix; FVC, forced vital capacity; IL, interleukin; IPF, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis; RCT, randomized controlled trial; SAP, serum amyloid P component; TGF-?, transforming growth factor beta; TNF, tumor necrosis factor. 
Cytokines/Growth Factors Mast Cell Type/Origin Induced Mast Cell Phenotype References. 
Mast Cell Phenotypic Regulation. 
Abbreviations: BMMC, bone marrow mast cell; CTMC, connective tissue mast cell; GM-CSF, granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor; IL, interleukin; MCs, mast cells; MMC, mucosal mast cell; mMCP, mouse mast cell protease; NGF, nerve growth factor; NT-3, neurotrophin-3; SCF, stem cell factor; TGF-?, transforming growth factor-?. 
MEDIATORS REFERENCES. 
Mast Cell Mediators. 
Abbreviations: FGF, fibroblast growth factor; GM-CSF, granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor; IL, interleukin; MCP, monocyte chemotactic protein; NGF, nerve growth factor; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; RANTES, regulated upon activation, normal T vell expressed and secreted; SCF, stem cell factor; TGF-?, transforming growth factor-?; TNF-?, tumor necrosis factor-alpha; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; MIP-2?, macrophage inflammatory protein-1alpha;. 
Gene Primer sequence (5?- 3?) Ref Seq Acc. # Tm (°C) Product (bp). 
F: foward and R: reverse, reference sequences accession number (RefSeq Acc. #), optimal melting temperature (Tm) in Celsius (°C) and size of the PCR product in base pairs (bp). 
Cr:start:end Size (Kb) Citogenetic localization Status log2 ratio CNV miRNA CpGIsl Genes. 
Chromosome:Chromosomal start position:Chromosomal end position (Cr:start:end). Number of polymorphisms or Copy Number Variants (CNV) in the region. Number of miRNA (miRNA) contained in the region. CpG islands (CpGIsl). 
Citogenetic localization miRNA. 
# Genes p value Genes ID. 
The differentially expressed genes in both cell lines were grouped in categories classified as significantly (*) and very significantly (**) enriched in neurosphere samples. Genes were categorized according to the biological processes they are involved in and to the molecular functions they code for. 
Type Mutation Count. 
Gene Symbol * # Splicing Mutations # Validated % Validated. 
*FDR < 0.05 for all genes from MuSiC (Fisher's combined P-value, convolution and likelihood ratio tests). 
  Dim.1 Dim.2 Dim.3 Dim.4 Dim.5. 
*mutation count for all genes in NCAM pathways. 
?mutation count for genes unique to NCAM pathways, and not in collagen or ECM pathways. 
  Patient 1 Patient 2. 
Phenotipic features of Noonan-like syndrome with loose anagen hair in our two patients. 
Dataset Most overrepresented ontologies P- value. 
The unfiltered dataset includes all ETS/AP-1 motifs (MGGAARHN(0–20)TGASTCA or MGGAWRTGASTCA) on either strand, located within 25 kb of a RefSeq transcription start site (TSS). The RWPE1 dataset is the subset of sites within RWPE1 cell DNase sensitive regions. 
The most overrepresented ontologies of the genes with the nearest TSS to sites in each category from GProfiler. Only biological process ontologies with <2000 genes are listed. 
Cell line Bound factors Regions A549 DNase Jurkat DNase PANC1 DNase. 
A549, DU145 and PANC1 epithelial lines are derived from lung, prostate and pancreatic carcinomas respectively. Jurkat cells are a lymphoid line derived from a T cell leukemia. 
The number of genomic regions where both ETS1 and JUND (ETS/AP-1) or both ETS1 and RUNX bind, as indicated, based on ChIP-sequencing ( 17 , 38 ). Note that the difference in the number of ETS1/JUND sites in A549 and DU145 cells is due to an ?10-fold difference in the number of reported JUND sites, likely due to differences in read number and peak calling in these two studies. The number of ETS1/JUND or ETS1/RUNX1 bound regions that are in open chromatin in the indicated cell line based on global mapping of DNase sensitivity. 
Gene ETS1 shRNA MEK inhibition. 
The 10 genes with the largest increase in expression after ETS1 shRNA treatment among genes that are direct targets of ETS1 by ChIP-seq and are inhibited by a MEK inhibitor are shown. Column 2 is the Log (base 2) transformed fold change in expression after ETS1 knockdown in DU145 cells. Column 3 is the Log (base 2) transformed fold change in expression after treatment with the MEK inhibitor U0126 in DU145 cells. 
Structure State Resolution PDB ID Space group Mol/au Structure completeness Reference. 
Properties of all CRM1-containing crystal structures available in the Protein Data Bank. The structure completeness is the percentage of CRM1 atoms present in the coordinate file with respect to the expected total number of atoms based on each wild-type sequence. Hs , Homo sapiens ; Mm , Mus musculus ; Sc , Saccharomyces cerevisiae ; Ct , Chaetomium thermophilum . 
LMB in this crystal structure was weakly bound and thus not modeled. 
Crystal structures contain different point mutations in the NES cleft of Sc CRM1 as specified in the PDB file. 
PDB ID Resolution (Å) Comments RanGTP RMSDChain (Å). 
The core domain of RanGTP (amino acids 1–170) is a rigid structure. RMSDs of known structures of RanGTP from different eukaryotes were compared with respect to structural differences. 
Parameter RhoA–AKAP-Lbc DH–PH AKAP-Lbc DH. 
Values within parentheses refer to the highest resolution shell. 
RhoA–GDP + DH RhoA–GDP + DH–PH RhoA + DH RhoA + DH–PH. 
Errors represent the error in the fit to the binding curve, not the overall error in the measurement. 
RhoA AKAP-Lbc DH–PH domain AKAP-Lbc DH domain. 
*Sequences of the protein constructs that were used can be found in the Supplementary Online Material. 
Primer Direction Sequence 5??3?. 
Primers used for real-time quantitative PCR. 
GADPH, glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase; IGF-IR, insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor. 
IGF-1R Normal skin ( n  = 10) HS Keloid ( n  = 10) P1 P2 P3 Mature ( n  = 10) Immature ( n  = 10). 
Differences in insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF-IR) immunohistochemistry expression between normal skin, mature and immature hypertrophic scar (HS), and keloid. 
comparison between the four groups. 
comparison between immature and mature HS. 
comparison between immature HS and keloid. P  < 0.0083 was considered significant for Bonferroni correction. Data are n (%) unless otherwise stated. 
Fisher exact test;. 
Mann–Whitney U -test;. 
interquartile range. 
Organism Protein Clock function C. elegans homolog E value. 
These proteins are the best hits found by probabilistic inference search based on Hidden Markov Models built upon multiple protein alignments of the core clock proteins of plants ( A. thaliana ), prokaryotes ( S. elongatus ) and fungi ( N. crassa ). Common C. elegans names are enclosed between parenthesis when available. 
Organism Protein Clock function C. elegans homolog E value. 
These proteins are the best hits found by probabilistic inference search based on Hidden Markov Models built upon multiple protein alignments of the core clock proteins of insects ( D. melanogaster ). Common C. elegans names are enclosed between parenthesis when available. 
Organism Protein  Clock function C. elegans homolog E value. 
These proteins are the best hits found by probabilistic inference search based on Hidden Markov Models built upon multiple protein alignments of the core clock of mammals ( M. musculus ). Common C. elegans names are enclosed between parenthesis when available. 
Organism Protein Clock function C. elegans homolog E value. 
These proteins are the best hits found by probabilistic inference search based on Hidden Markov Models built upon multiple protein alignments of the accessory proteins of the circadian clock of insects ( D. melanogaster ). Those proteins that did not possess the same domains that the query profile are highlighted (bold). Common C. elegans names are enclosed between parenthesis when available. 
Organism Protein Clock function C. elegans homolog E value. 
These proteins are the best hits found by probabilistic inference search based on Hidden Markov Models built upon multiple protein alignments of the accessory proteins of the circadian clock of mammals ( M. musculus ). Those proteins that did not possess the same domains that the query profile are highlighted (bold). Common C. elegans names are enclosed between parenthesis when available. 
Organism Protein. 
These proteins are the best hits found by probabilistic inference search based on Hidden Markov Models built upon multiple protein alignments of the accessory proteins of the circadian clock of mammals ( M. musculus ) and insects ( D. melanogaster ). Those proteins that did not possess the same domains that the query profile are highlighted in red. 
List of organisms from the six different phylum used in this work and their respective taxonomy IDs. 
Organism Proteins. 
Gene symbol Protein Description Control/Toxoplasma encephalitis (Fold change). 
A partial list of downregulated regulated proteins in toxoplasma encephalitis. 
Variables Category n Hazard ratio for survival 95.0% CI p. 
Multivariate analysis of ROCK1 expression and clinicopathological characteristics in patients with vulvar SCC. 
Abbreviations : SCC ?squamous cell carcinomas, CI ?confidence interval, FIGO ?International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, HPV ?human papillomavirus, SMD ?superficial and mid dermis, DDA ?deep dermis and subcutaneous tissues, CT ?central tumour and IF ?invasive front. *Statistically significant, p?<?0.05. 
Cohort I % of patients with different expression levels  Cohort II % of patients with different expression levels   N Neg Weak Moderate Strong p-value N Neg Weak Moderate Strong p-value. 
Cytoplasmic intensity of IGF1R expression in relation to tumor and patient characteristics for Cohort I (N?=?264) and Cohort II (N?=?206). 
Abbreviations: ER ?=?Estrogen receptor, PgR ?=?Progesterone receptor, HER2 ?=?Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2, NHG ?=?Histological grade according to Elston and Ellis [ 35 ], n/a ?=?Not applicable. 
aMedian age in the different groups. 
bSpearman’s rank-correlation. 
cMann–Whitney test. 
dSee (34) for complete definition of St Gallen subgroups. 
eKruskal-Wallis test. 
a) Cohort I DDFS univariable DDFS multivariable b Variable N HR 95% CI p-value a N HR 95% CI p-value. 
Prognostic value of IGF1R cytoplasm intensity in Cohort I (a) and II (b). 
aP-value for Cox-regression. 
bMultivariable analysis adjusted for node positivity, tumor size, HER2, ER, Ki67 and menopausal status. 
cMultivariable analysis adjusted for age, tumor size, HER2, ER and Ki67. 
a) Cohort I  DDFS univariable DDFS multivariable a   N HR 95% CI p-value N HR 95% CI p-value. 
Prognostic value of IGF1R intensity in ER-negative and ER-positive patients in Cohort I (a) and II (b), respectively. 
aMultivariable Cox-regression for IGF1R intensity adjusted for node positivity, tumor size, HER2, Ki67, menopausal status and, among all patients, ER status. 
bMultivariable Cox-regression for IGF1R intensity adjusted for age, tumor size, HER2, Ki67 and, among all patients, ER status. 
Member Subfamily Function Human physiology and disease Development Cancer Inflammation Other. 
Note that several functions in physiology are inferred from animal model studies. For subfamily annotation see Figure 1 . 
AML: Acute myeloid leukemia; AMKL: Acute megakaryoblastic leukemia; AR: Androgen receptor; AZF: Azoospermia factor; CAR: Constitutive androstane receptor; CGI: CpG island; CMML: Chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; ER: Estrogen receptor; HDAC: Histone deacetylase; MSC: Mesenchymal stem cell; SLE: Systemic lupus erythematosus; vitD: Vitamin D; XLID: X-linked intellectual disability; XLMR: X-linked mental retardation. 
PC PVE a Animal b Timepoint b Sig. drug c (effect). 
Principle components of variation . 
Amount of total variance explained by the PC . 
Amount of variance explained by Animal or Timepoint . 
Significance of Drug effect (pre vs. post vs. inter for transcriptome; post vs. inter for metabolome), also showing which effect was differentiated . 
Axis Bone marrow Peripheral blood  PVE by PC1 a Sig Animal b Sig Drug c PVE by PC1 a Sig Animal b Sig Drug c. 
Axes of variance analysis . 
The percent of variation in the BIT explained by PC1 (>35% implies strong covariance) . 
The signficance of the among-animal effect . 
The significance of the pre-/post-/inter-drug treatment after removing the animal effect . 
Implies the post-drug treatment effect was extreme relative to pre- and inter-drug . 
Data type Tissue Without animal in model With animal in model. 
Differential gene expression between timepoints . 
Table shows number of genes significant at 5% FDR rate for each data type, contrasting seven timepoints for RNA-Seq, and 5 timepoints for metabolomics . 
KEGG ID Pathway name Size p FDR p. 
Gene set enrichment analysis . 
Name DNA condenser NLS Targeting Other Breast cancer cell targeted Effect. 
Summary of recombinant biopolymers and associated targeting strategies that have been used to target breast cancer in vitro and in vivo. 
Abbreviations: GFP, green fluorescent protein; HER-2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; iNOS, inducible nitric oxide synthase; N/A, not applicable; NLS, nuclear localization signal; PEI, polyethylenimine; shDNA, short hairpin RNA; TF, tissue factor; TMAF, Tat-Mu affibody; TRAIL, TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand. 
Protein Expression (% of normal) Tumor ID# C/EBP? C/EBP? C/EBP?. 
The relative intensity of immunofluorescent staining (compared to normal skin) for each C/EBP family member was determined semi-quantitatively by making pairwise visual comparisons between tumor nests and normal hair follicles within the same patient, using the f-stop technique (see Methods and Figure S2 ). ND , not done. 
Module Correlation a with phenotypic characteristics of ECs (p-value) Gene ontology enrichment analysis   Grade Type Stage Term p-value b FDR. 
Module significance in ECs and GO analysis. 
aThe correlation coefficient was calculated from the module eigengenes (i.e., first principal component of the expression values across subjects) and phenotypic characteristics of ECs using Pearson correlation. 
bp-value used the Bonferroni-adjusted p-value. 
Symbol Gene names Hub gene significance *     f K GS. 
List of hub gene associated with grade, type and stage o ECs. 
*This study defined the hub gene significance (HGS) by integrating WGCNA and elastic-net analysis, estimating the gene significance ( GS ), scaled connectivity ( K ) and frequency ( f ). Only genes present in GS?>?0.2, K?>?0.2 and f?>?750 were selected as ECs-specific hub genes. 
Characteristics Training dataset (n?=?273) Validation set A (n?=?40) Validation set B (n?=?90). 
Characteristics of microarray datasets for platform, sample groups, and grade, type and stage in endometrial cancers. 
aEndometrial cancers are grouped by the grade (degree of differentiation), type (histopathological types) and stage (status of spread). 
Gene description Gene symbol Fold change HX/NX. 
HIF-1 regulated transcripts. 
Genes were identified from the gene expression array and all values are significant (p?<?0.05, n?=?3). For genes with (*), transcripts were quantified by QPCR using 3 different preparations of hMSCs run in duplicate; (PGK p?<?0.001; PFK, p?<?0.01; GAPDH, p?=?0.21; PGAM, p?=?0.02; all n?=?7). 
Class Gene description Gene symbol HX/NX. 
Up-regulated genes and functional group allocations. 
Genes were identified from the gene expression array using Genespring software and GO analysis to assign functional categories as described in Methods and manually from inspection of the arrays. All values are significant (p?<?0.05, n?=?3). 
Class Gene description Gene symbol HX/NX. 
Down-regulated genes and functional group allocations. 
Genes were identified from the gene expression array using Genespring software and GO analysis to assign functional categories as described in Methods; additional genes were identified manually from inspection of the arrays. All values are significant (p?<?0.05, n?=?3). 
Pathways Gene symbol Accession number Splicing Index Probe location Gene description. 
GO enrichment classification of alternatively spliced genes after hypoxia. 
Differentially spliced genes in human MSCs under hypoxia, were subjected to GO analysis as described in Methods. 
Pathway Name – Elk3 P-Value Pathway Name – hsa-miR-155-5p P-Value. 
Bold highlight?=?similar pathways, hsa-miR-155-5p information obtained from http://starbase.sysu.edu.cn , Elk3 data obtained by submission to DAVID ( http://david.abcc.ncifcrf.gov/home.jsp ) of the nearest ENSEMBL gene name to a ChIP-seq peak for the total peak list (MACS-10-05). 
Pathway Name – Elk3 P-Value Pathway Name – hsa-miR-155-5p P-Value. 
Bold highlight?=?similar pathways, hsa-miR-155-5p information obtained from http://starbase.sysu.edu.cn , Elk3 data obtained by submission to DAVID ( http://david.abcc.ncifcrf.gov/home.jsp ) of the nearest ENSEMBL gene name to a ChIP-seq peak for the total peak list (MACS-10-05). 
Cancer Type Sample Number R p-value. 
OKT3 72 h 120 h  (ng/mL) Pro224Ala471 CC (n?=?3) Pro224Val471 CT (n?=?4) p Pro224Ala471 CC (n?=?3) Pro224Val471 CT (n?=?4) p. 
PBMCs from healthy volunteers homozygous for the rs2241002-rs2229177 CD5 haplotypes Pro224-Ala471 (CC; n?=?3) or Pro224-Val471 (CT; n?=?4) were stimulated with different concentrations of OKT3 (0.1, 1.0 and 10 ng/mL) for 72 or 120 h. Cytokine levels in culture supernatants were measured in triplicate by a Luminex technique and the results expressed in pg/mL as mean ± S.D. Statistical analysis was performed using a one-tailed Mann-Whitney test, with confidence intervals of 95%. (*) full statistical significance (p<0.03). (-) non-statistically significant (p>0.05). 
Genotype, N (%)  Statistical Test SNP Subgroup (N) CC Pro224Pro CT Pro224Leu TT Leu224Leu T Allele Frequency (%) P -value OR (CI 95%). 
(N+) SLE patients with nephritis;. 
(N?) SLE patients without nephritis. 
Genotype, N (%)  Statistical Test SNP Subgroup (N) CC Ala471Ala CT Ala471Val TT Val471Val C Allele Frequency (%) P -value OR (CI 95%). 
(N+) SLE patients with nephritis;. 
(N?) SLE patients without nephritis. 
Allelic combination SLE n (%) SLE N+ n (%) SLE N? n (%) P * OR [95% CI] Controls n (%) P ** OR [95% CI]. 
* P-values for the comparison SLE with nephritis (N+) versus SLE without nephritis (N?). 
** P-values for the comparison SLE with nephritis (N+) versus controls. 
Allelic combinations 1. SLE N+ 2. SLE N? 3. Controls n 2 vs 3P value 1 vs 3P value 1 vs 2P value  n (%) n (%) (%)  OR [95% CI] OR [95% CI]. 
P-values were obtained by comparing the frequencies of Pro224-Ala471 homozygous individuals (group C) and the frequencies of Non-Pro224/Pro224 -Ala471/Ala471 individuals (groups A+B) within the different subgroups of patients and controls. 
Primer Name Sequence. 
Primers used in this study. 
Mammals Drosophila. 
Mammalian and Drosophila homologous cytokines and growth factors in ISC proliferation and differentiation and EC apoptosis and immune response during homeostasis or infection/stress of the intestine. The first column shows biological processes conserved between Drosophila and mammals, while the other two columns represent the corresponding cytokines and growth factors for each species. The homologous components are placed on the same line. The parentheses show critical components of the pertinent signaling pathways in which each cytokine and growth factor are major players. ISC: Intestinal Stem Cells; EC: Enterocytes; PAMPS: Pathogen-Associated Molecular Patterns (e.g., peptidoglycan). 
S. No. SampleID ProteinID Protein identifiedby LC- MSanalysis Proteinscore Matchedpeptide Coverage MW(KDa)/PI Expressionand foldchange Biologicalfunction Reports frompreviousstudies. 
Alteration in endometrial proteins during early- and mid-secretory phases of the cycle in women with unexplained infertility. 
Treatments(n?=?6/group) 48 h 7 days 14 days  MNPCEs PCE/PCE+NCE MNPCEs PCE/PCE+NCE MNPCEs PCE/PCE+NCE  N° % Mean ± SD N° % Mean ± SD N° % Mean ± SD. 
MMS: methyl methanesulfonate (40 mg/kg b.w.); SL: Solanum lycocarpum fruits glicoalkaloid extract. 
Significantly different of the control group ( P <0.05). 
12000 polychromatic erythrocytes were analyzed per treatment. 
Treatments(n?=?6/group) PCE/PCE+NCE MNPCEs Reduction(%)  MeanSD N° % . 
MMS: methyl methanesulfonate (40 mg/kg b.w.); SL: Solanum lycocarpum fruits glicoalkaloid extract. 
Significantly different of the control group ( P <0.05). 
Significantly different of the MMS group ( P <0.05). 
12000 polychromatic erythrocytes were analyzed per treatment. 
Treatments(n?=?6/group) DNA in tail (%) Reduction(%) Cellviability (%)  Mean±SD  Mean±SD. 
MMS: methyl methanesulfonate (40 mg/kg b.w.); SL: Solanum lycocarpum fruits glicoalkaloid extract. 
Significantly different of the control group ( P <0.05). 
Significantly different of the MMS group ( P <0.05). 
600 nucleoids were analyzed per treatment. 
Treatments(n?=?6/group) Initial body weight(g) Final body weight(g) Body weight gain(g) Water consuption(mL/animal/day). 
MMS: methyl methanesulfonate (40 mg/kg b.w.); SL: Solanum lycocarpum fruits glicoalkaloid extract. 
Treatments(n?=?6/group) Number of ACF with Number of ACF Number of aberrant crypt aberrant crypt/ACF  1 crypt 2 crypts 3 crypts 4 crypts   . 
DMH :1,2 dimethylhydrazine (160 mg/kg b.w.); SL: Solanum lycocarpum fruits glicoalkaloid extract. 
Significantly different of the DMH group ( P <0.05). 
300 fields sequential/distal segment of the colon were analyzed per treatment. 
Negative control animals and SL 60 mg/kg b.w. no showed ACF and aberrant crypt. 
Treatments(n?=?6/group) Initial body weight(g) Final body weight(g) Body weight gain(g) Water consuption(mL/animal/day). 
DMH :1,2 dimethylhydrazine (160 mg/kg b.w.); SL: Solanum lycocarpum fruits glicoalkaloid extract. 
Variable Forward stepwise Backward stepwise  HR a (95% CI b ) p HR (95% CI) p. 
Multivariate analysis of prognostic factors. 
aHR, hazard ratio; bCI, confidence interval; * p <0.05. 
Spot GeneID UniprotID Protein Name (Organism) FlybaseID Ratio Mw Mw pI pI             theo exp theo exp. 
More intense spots for kairomone exposed Daphnia in 2D DIGE analysis (n=3). 
Spots were identified with LC-MS/MS and annotated using blastp algorithm against NCBI nr database. Spots related to vitellogenin were not shown. 
Spot GeneID UniprotID Protein Name (Organism) FlybaseID Ratio Mw Mw pI pI             theo exp theo exp. 
Less intense spots for kairomone exposed Daphnia in 2D DIGE analysis (n=3). 
Spots were identified with LC-MS/MS and annotated using blastp algorithm against NCBI nr database. Spots related to vitellogenin were not shown. 
? Number (%). 
Frequency distribution of clinical data of patients included in the study. 
#Oral ulceration occurred in all patients throughout the course of the disease but some patients had no ulcer at time of examination. 
? Cases Controls P value ? Range Mean ± standard deviation Range Mean ± standard deviation. 
Laboratory data of patients and controls. 
ESR: erythrocyte sedimentation rate, hs-CRP: highly sensitive C-reactive protein, TNF- ? : tumor necrosis factor alpha, BCMA: C cell maturation antigen, APRIL: a proliferation inducing ligand, and BAFF: B cell activation factor. 
? BCMA APRIL BAFF. 
Correlations of TNF- ? , APRIL, BCMA, and BAFF within the patients' group. 
* P value is significant <0.05. 
Number Gene D-value. 
The top 10 of up- and downregulated DEGs. 
All Q-values = 0. DEG, differentially expressed gene. 
A, Upregulated DEGs  Category Term and function Count (n) P-value. 
GO and KEGG pathway enrichment results. 
GO, gene ontology; KEGG, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes; DEG, differentially expressed gene. P<0.05 was considered to indicate a statistically significant difference; hsa, Homo sapiens ; MHC, major histocompatibility complex. 
A, Downregulated ER target genes  Category Term Count (n) P-value. 
GO enrichment analysis of the ER target genes. 
P<0.05 was considered to indicate a statistically significant difference. GO, gene ontology; ER, estrogen receptor; MHC, major histocompatibility complex. 
Ad(Mh) Ao(Mh) Ad(Hs) Ao(Hs) Mc(Hs). 
Infection of plant parasitic nematodes by nematode-trapping fungi a. 
aShown is the percentage (mean (SD, n?=?10)) of the added nematodes that were trapped, paralyzed and colonized. Ao(Mh) denotes A. oligospora infecting M. hapla ; Ao(Hs), A. oligospora infecting H. schachtii ; Ad(Mh), A. dactyloides infecting M. hapla ; Ad(Hs), A. dactyloides infecting H. schachtii ; and Mc(Hs), M. cionopagum infecting H. schachtii . 
Putative functions Pfam domains. 
Pfam domains expressed by all fungi during nematode infection a. 
aShown are Pfam domains that were found among the top 500 most expressed isotigs in at least one library of each fungus and that are shared between all three fungi. In total 206 Pfam domains were found in this cohort ( c.f. Figure  3 B; Additional file 6 ). Pfam domains encoding protein motifs with unspecific or unknown functions are not shown. Bold indicates domains that were found among 25 expanded Pfam domains identified in the genome of M. haptotylum [ 20 ]. 
Time h Model group EA group  AngII AT 1R AT 2R AngII AT 1R AT 2R. 
Time-course effects of EA intervention on the expressions of Ang II, AT 1 R, and AT 2 R after MCAO as determined by immunohistochemistry assay (IOD). 
EA: Electroacupuncture; Ang II: Angiotensin II; AT1R: Ang II type 1 receptor; AT2R: Ang II type 2 receptor; ? p ?<?0.05 vs the control group (values were 1.872?±?0.331 for AngII, 2.037?±?0.307 for AT1R, and 2.091?±?0.451 for AT2R), * p ?<?0.05, ** p ?<?0.01 vs model group at the same time points. 
Time h Model group EA group CaM Gq CaM Gq. 
Time-course effects of EA intervention on the expressions of CaM and Gq as determined by western blot assay. 
EA: Electroacupuncture; Gq: Gq protein; CAM: Calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein; ? p ?<?0.05, ?? p ?<?0.01 vs control group (values were 0.55?±?0.07 for CaM and 0.44?±?0.10 for Gq), * p ?<?0.05, ** p ?<?0.01 vs model group at the same time points. 
Direct regulators Interaction location Upstream pathway(s) Reference(s). 
Regulation of Snail1 expression. 
Target Target significance Snail’s effect Reference(s). 
Gene targets regulated by Snail1. 
Type of Cancer Snail Expression Change in expression over disease progression Prognostic significance Reference(s). 
Snail1 expression in cancers (listed in alphabetical order). 
Name Inhibits Effect Known limitations Reference. 
Chemical inhibitors that target Snail1-induced EMT. 
Charactistics n?=?41 MiR-133b level P value High (%) Low (%). 
The relationship between miR-133b expression and clinicopathological characterisics of bladder cancer. 
aChi-square test, bSided Fisher’s exact test, * P ?<?0.01. 
NCU # Phosphorylated peptide 1 Annotation locus Fusion. 
Phosphopeptides with MAPK site in either 1 or 2(*) experiments, p<0.05, 1.5× decreased after 1NM-PP1 treatment. 
Showed reduced expression in ? pp-1 germlings (19). 
Showed reduced expression in a mak-2 Q100G germlings treated with 1NM-PP1 (19). 
Proteins with a predicted MAPK docking motif (R/K-R/K-(X)1-5-I/L-X-I/L). 
iMod Louvain QCUT Network  Mod Con  Mod Con  Mod Con. 
Summary of the hard partitions of the rat, E. coli , yeast and human PPI networks, showing modularity value ( ), corresponding number of modules ( Mod ) and the number of connectors ( Con ). For each network, the hard partition results appear to be relatively stable. These hard partitions are the input for OverMod. 
(i) (ii) (iii)  Inter Intra Inter Intra Inter Intra. 
Summary of the number of connectors that become inter and intra-connectors in the corresponding soft partitions. For Rat, E. coli and Yeast in particular, we see that the number of inter-connectors, i.e. nodes belonging to more than one community, found by each method (i) – (iii) are relatively similar. This stability is reinforced in Figure 4 , where we see that the number of common inter-connectors is high for each PPI network. 
Connector proteins that were found to be strong inter-connectors by OverMod when applied to: (i) all three hard partitions, (ii) two out of three hard partitions (italics). 
Proteins with inter-modular degree that is (i) greater than 5 and (ii) equal to or less than 5 (bold). Only the former are shown for human, as the number of low inter-modular degree proteins is too large in this network. 
Rat E. coli Yeast Human  M C MC Max M C MC Max M C MC Max M C MC Max. 
Summary of results found by applying the methods from the literature to the four PPI networks in terms of number of modules ( ), number of nodes that are assigned at least one community ( ), number of nodes that are multi-clustered ( ) and the maximum number of modules the multi-clustered nodes belong to ( ). The results highlight the great variation between each method. Please note that CFinder did not complete within 24 hours for the yeast PPI network, there was no result for CFinder for the rat PPI network and for the rat and E. coli networks, OSLOM did not produce a partition for level . 
Primer Name Primer Sequence Amplicon Size Purpose. 
Sample Code Codon Change p.Mutant (1) p.Mutant (3) c.Mutant Concomittant Exon 2 (Codon 12) Mutation Comment. 
Fifty six colorectal cancer tissue samples were analyzed. Only those with a mutation in exon 4 are illustrated in the table. All detected mutations were confirmed via sequencing the opposite strand. HGVS guidelines for mutation nomenclature were followed. 
Mutation Polyphen-2 (score) SIFT (score) Mutation Assessor protein domain affected. 
Sample code Case# Age (years) Sex TumorGrade Tumor size/cm Tumor depth (pT) Lymph node metastasis (N) p53 EGFR HER2. 
All mutations N(%) Novel mutations N(%) p-value. 
Mutation Negative N(%) Novel mutations N(%) p -value. 
Strain (FGSC # or [reference]) Annotation Cell communication 1 2 MAK-2 phosphorylation 2. 
assayed at 6 h post inoculation except for strains marked with *, which were analyzed 8 h post inoculation due to reduced germination rate and abnormal growth. 
in %±SEM. 
not determined. 
heterokaryotic deletion strain. 
Authors Total n. of ODs for gender/age CxODs - CpODs n. CxODs:CpODs ratio Total male (CxODs) (CpODs) Total female (CxODs) (CpODs) M:F ratio (CxODs) (CpODs) CxOD average age (range) CpOD average age (range) Total OD average age (range). 
Complex (Cx) and Compound (Cp) Odontomas (ODs) by patient genderand age at diagnosis. 
Authors n. Impaction or delayed eruption Bone swelling Cysts Infection/pain. 
Odontomas by more frequent complications/associated pathologies. 
Cx = complex; Cp = compound; Mx = mixed. 
Authors Patients (SPNs) Un-eruption of permanent teeth Cysts Malposition/ crowding of teeth Spacing/ diastema Malformation/root resorption of permanent teeth Fusion with a permanent tooth Odontoma. 
Patients with supernumerary teeth (SPNs) by more frequent complications/associated pathologies. 
Syndromes Authors. 
Main hereditary syndromes in which supernumerary teeth were found. 
Authors Sample n. (%). 
Odontomas from histological samples. 
Authors OTs ODs n. (%) Cx - CpODs. 
Complex (Cx) and Compound (Cp) Odontomas (ODs) among Odontogenic Tumors (OTs). Data according to the 1992 WHO Classification. 
? data according to the 2005 WHO classification (CheratocisticOdontogenic Tumors are comprised). 
Authors Sample Patient n. with SPNs (M-F) Total n. of SPNs (M-F) Mean age (years) Sample age range (years). 
Supernumerary teeth (SPNs) by gender, age and prevalence. 
Authors n. SPNs - Pts Pts with 1 SPN Pts with 2SPNs Pts with 3 or more SPNs Erupted SPNs Un-erupted SPNs. 
Supernumerary teeth (SPNs) by patients (Pts) and degree of eruption. 
Authors Maxilla Mandible Max/Mand Ratio (Cx)(Cp) Anterior Posterior NS Anterior Posterior NS Incisive-Canine (Cx)(Cp) Premolar (Cx)(Cp) Molar (Cx)(Cp) Incisive-Canine (Cx)(Cp) Premolar (Cx)(Cp) Molar (Cx)(Cp). 
Complex (Cx) and Compound (Cp) Odontomas by location. 
1: Complex and Compound Odontomas at the mandibular angle location; 2: Compound Odontomas at the retro-molar location; 3: not specified location; 4: Compound Odontomas at the mandibular angle location. 
Authors Maxilla Mandible I C P M - DM I C P M - DM. 
Supernumerary teeth by location. 
I: incisor area; C: canine area; P: premolar area; M - DM: molar - distomolar areas. 
* Maxillary + Mandibular supernumerary teeth: I+C=53; P=38; M=12. 
Authors n.  Sagittal/Frontal plane Axial plane  I T N-O In UC O B E/W- A. 
Supernumerary teeth by position. 
I: inverted; T: transverse; N-O: normal orientation; In: inclined; UC: unclassified; O: oral;. 
B: buccal; E/W-A: erupted/well alligned; M: mesio-inclined; D: distal-inclined. 
Authors  SPNs Supplemental n. C T I M-S /O-L I-F C-F P-F M-F. 
Supernumerary teeth (SPNs) by morphology. 
C: conoid; T: tuberculated; I: infundibuliform; M-S/O-L: mis-shaped/odontome-like;. 
I-F: incisiviform; C-F: caniniform; P-F: premolariform; M-F: molariform. 
* Rudimentary/dismorphic/molariform. 
SET1 SET2. 
MiRNAs belonging to SET1 and SET2 respectively, both evidenced by hierarchical clustering. 
Reference. 
RLIP76 expression in normal tissues and over-expression in cancer cells. 
Abbreviation: RLIP76, Ral-interacting protein of 76 kDa. 
Function Mechanism. 
Summary of RLIP76 cellular and physiological functions. 
Notes: Cellular and physiological functions in normal and tumor tissue are shown in the left column, and cellular and signaling mechanisms are shown to the right. 
Abbreviations: ADP, adenosine diphosphate; AP2, activating protein 2; Arf6, ADP-ribosylation factor; ATP, adenosine triphosphate; Cdc42, cell division control protein 42; CDK1, cyclin-dependent kinase 1; GS-e, glutathione-electrophile conjugate; GTP; guanosine triphosphate; HSF-1, heat shock factor 1; PKC, protein kinase C; POB1, partner of RalBP1; RePS1, RalBP1-associated eps domain-containing protein 1; RhoGAP, Rho GTPase activating protein; RLiP76, Ral-interacting protein of 76 kDa. 
Groups Control ( N = 12) AngII ( N = 12) AngII + Cur ( N = 12). 
AAA formation and rupture in 3 groups of mice. 
# P < 0.05 versus AngII or control group. 
Groups SOD (U/mg protein) MDA (nmol/mg protein). 
The levels of SOD and MDA in 3 groups of mice. 
* P < 0.01 versus AngII group. 
Groups TC (mg/dL) LDL (mg/dL) TG (mg/dL) SBP (mmHg) HR (beats/min). 
Effect of curcumin on serum total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), systolic blood pressure, and heart rate levels in 3 groups of mice. 
* P < 0.01 versus control group. 
AT1R AT2R. 
Opposing functions of AT1R and AT2R . 
Variables Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis  No. P value Hazard ratio 95 % CI P value. 
Univariate and multivariate Cox-regression analysis of various prognostic parameters in patients with primary pancreatic cancer. 
Chr Band Start (kb) End (kb) Frequency Genes at the locus of amplification. 
aCGH, array comparative genomic hybridization; Chr, chromosome. 
*Cancer census genes 11 . 
†Mutated in data from the ‘The genomic landscapes of human breast and colorectal cancers’ 12 . 
GeneID Chr Frequency Drug Drug class. 
Chr, chromosome; MAb, monoclonal antibody; TKI, tyrosine-kinase inhibitor. 
Genes are ordered as targets of targeted anticancer agents, cytotoxic drugs, drugs approved for indications other than cancer and drugs without known anticancer effects. 
Target Frequency (common clinical features) Selected agents under study Current development. 
Selected targets and selected targeted agents in lung adenocarcinoma . 
n/a, not available; EGFR TKI, epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor; NTRK, neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor type; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PARP, poly-ADP ribose polymerase; HDAC, histone deacetylases; RANKL, receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand; CTLA-4, cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4; PD-1, programed cell death protein 1; PD-L1, programed cell death protein 1 ligand . 
Cancer types Technique for detection References. 
Down-expression of miR-145 in cancers. 
Target gene Involved pathway Cancer types References. 
The functions and involved pathways of miR-145 targets. 
Treatment Number of animals Body weight (g) Plasma glucose (mg/dl) Plasma insulin (ng/ml) Plasma tissue factor activity (pM). 
Changes of different parameters of mice after 8 weeks of treatment of vehicle, STZ, STZ+valsartan (10 or 20 mg/kg), and valsartan (20 mg/kg). 
Value are means ± SEM. 
** P  < 0.01 versus Vehicle. 
† P  < 0.05,. 
†† P  < 0.01 versus STZ, respectively. 
GFAP-SB a T2 p19 # analyzed # of gliomas # of other phenotypes. 
Abbreviations used: GFAP-SB?=?GFAP-SB11 transposase, T2?=?T2/onc, p19?=?p19Arf, wt?=?wild-type. 
Rosa-SB11 T2LC a T2ATG p19 Blm Csf # analyzed # of gliomas # of other phenotypes. 
Abbreviations used: T2LC?=?T2/onc LC, T2ATG?=?T2/oncATG, p19?=?p19Arf, wt?=?wild-type, AA?=?anaplastic astrocytoma, GBM?=?glioblastoma, PNET?=?primitive neuroectodermal tumor, DD?=?differential diagnosis. 
Gene GB a accession # Method p value # of tumors Additional genes in CIS. 
Abbreviations used: GB?=?GenBank, N/A?=?not applicable, p value?=?p value for gCIS. 
Gene % point mutations % deleted/lost % amplified/gained % Hyper-methylated c % Hypo-methylated mRNA. 
For Kpna4/Gm1647 data presented are for KPNA4 as Gm1647 does not have a human ortholog. 
Abbreviations used: N/A?=?not applicable (no human ortholog, or data not available), ns?=?non-significant, fc?=?fold change. 
The percentage of tumors harboring hypermethylation and evidence for decreased mRNA expression (epigenetic silencing) are shown in parentheses. 
Cell line Tissue RAS RAF PIK3CA/PTEN CH PD PLX. 
CH; CH5126766, PD; PD0325901, PLX; PLX4720 IC50 (nM). 
Patients with NPC vs. healthy controls Prognostic association Up-regulated Down-regulated Positive Negative. 
The miRNAs included in this table Satisfy each of the following criteria: (1) a statistically significant alteration in their expression was identified in specimens from patients with NPC; and (2) some degree of validation (either in additional samples, using an alternate analytical method, or functional validation) was reported. Patients with NPC vs. healthy controls: for these miRNAs, levels were significantly increased (“up-regulated”) or decreased (“down-regulated”) in tumors and plasma from patients with NPC compared with nasopharyngeal tissues and plasma from healthy controls. Prognostic association: expression higher (“positive”) or lower (“negative”) in tumor and plasma samples from patients with poor prognosis. Superscripts: expression measured in *plasma and ?serum. All others were discovered using tumor samples. 
  Proportion of patients showing maximal PCWG2 PSA response. 
PCWG2 criteria is based on this reference 70 and P -value was calculated from a X2 test with odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) shown. 
Reference Summary of the study Conclusions. 
Human studies on the efficacy of using statins in acute respiratory patients. 
Maspin expression First series Second series  TMA Whole sections Whole sections All cases Lepidic Invasive Lepidic Invasive Lepidic Invasive Lepidic Invasive. 
Summary of maspin expression patterns in lepidic versus invasive adenocarcinoma in both the first and the second series of cases. 
N is defined as nuclear positivity, and N+C is defined as both nuclear and cytoplasmic positivity. 
Maspin in the transition from lepidic to invasive adenocarcinoma in the second series of adenocarcinoma cases. 
Function Marine Source Source Chemical Target References. 
A list of bioactive ingredients that act as autophagy inhibitors and inducers. 
* References state that autophagy-modulating drugs also have an apoptosis modulating effect. 
Loci. 
Loci for T2DM-related traits identified by GWAS (in order of gene region). 
Gene Region SNP Allele Change T2DM-Related Traits Dietary Factors References. 
Gene-nutrient or -dietary pattern interactions in the development of T2DM. 
* Adiponectin (ADIPOQ). 
Nutrient Gene Interaction Function Experimental Model References. 
Nutrient- or dietary pattern-gene interactions in the development of DM. 
Region Chr. Position (Mb) (version 3.1) Position (Mb) (version 1.0) r 2 Peak SNP ( F ST) Top SNPs No. of Genes Candidate Genes a. 
Regions under Climate-Associated Selection in the Sheep Genome. 
N ote .— r 2 is the average LD value for all the pairwise SNPs within the regions. 
aOverlap of the 17 strong candidate genes enriched in the GO terms. 
bOverlapping regions with those previously identified in Kijas et al. (2012) . 
Average P value of five consecutive SNPs *less than 0.05 and **less than 0.01. 
Chr. Gene Position (bp) Gene Size (kb) SNP F ST a | z | Score b Max Wald c. 
The 17 Strong Candidate Genes and Associated SNPs within or Neighboring the Genes under Environmental Adaptive Selection Based on Three Different Approaches. 
aBased on the F ST-based selection test between the 2 groups of 11 populations (see Materials and Methods). 
bBased on the LFMM test ( Frichot et al. 2013 ). 
cBased on the spatial analysis method ( Joost et al. 2007 ). 
dSNPs within genes. 
Significant at the level of * P < 0.05 and ** P < 0.01. 
Core Haplotype Core SNP Alleles (distance to the peak SNP) Core Haplotype Frequencies EHH b REHH b REHH b P Value OAR22_18924267 OAR22_18929579 OAR22_19020858 Total Group 1 a Group 2 a (?5 kb) (0 kb) (87 kb). 
Core Haplotypes of Gene TBC1D12 in the 2 Groups of 11 Old, Autochthonous Breeds. 
aThe selected 2 groups of 11 old, autochthonous breeds are detailed in Materials and Methods. Group 1 includes the six breeds of Indian Garole, Red Maasai, Ronderib Afrikaner, Cyprus Fat-Tail, Karakas and Afshari, and group 2 includes the five breeds of Scottish Blackface, Border Leicester, Spael-white, Engadine Red Sheep and Finnsheep. 
bEHH, REHH, and the P value of REHH are shown for the upstream and downstream sides from each core in group 2 (see fig. 7 ). 
*Significant at the level of P < 0.05. 
TF Number of mutations Identified in TCGA # of GEXP??TF links in TCGA Pathways and genes correlated with TF loss of function mutations (DAVID/BIOCARTA)  Total MS S NS FS/D  . 
Mutation count statistics were compiled from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA; Oct. 2012) and are annotated as follows: MS: missense; S: silent, NS: nonsense; FS/D: frameshifts and deletions. ‘GEXP??TF’ refers to statistically significant correlations between the expression of individual genes and TF mutation status, according to the predicted impact of the mutations present in paired genotype and expression data collected from thousands of human tissue samples. **: P -value cut off (corrected): 0.01/21 927 genes; *: P -value cut off (corrected): 0.05/21 927 genes; 1: P -value cut off: 0.001 (uncorrected). 
Cancer type Total numbers of GEXP?? TP53 Number of GEXP?? TP53 correlations which are possible p53 transcriptional targets Enrichment in all GEXP?? TP53's (hypergeom. P ) Number of negative correlations (GEXP lower | ? TP53 ) Number of positive correlations (GEXP higher | ? TP53 ). 
Shown are statistics for the identification of probable p53 transcriptional targets whose expression levels were correlated with TP53 mutation status (? TP53 ) in several distinct cancer types. Four hundred and eighteen genes were estimated to be probable p53 transcriptional targets based on multiple ChIP experiments, the presence of accessible p53 transcription factor DNA-binding site sequences in gene upstream regions, and previously curated evidence (Supplementary Table S4). 
Group VEGF/ACTB VEGFR/ACTB. 
2???ct of expression of VEGF and VEGFR mRNA in each group (n=6). 
Data are presented as the mean ± standard deviation;. 
P<0.05 vs. control group;. 
P<0.05 vs. model group;. 
P<0.05 vs. curcumin group;. 
P<0.05 vs. VEGF blocker group;. 
P<0.05 vs. curcumin + VEGF blocker group. 
VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; VEGFR, VEGF receptor; ACTB, ?-actin. 
Group K-ras/GADPH. 
The relative expression of K-ras protein in each group (n=6). 
Data are presented as the mean ± standard deviation;. 
P<0.05 vs. control group;. 
P<0.05 vs. model group;. 
P<0.05 vs. curcumin group;. 
P<0.05 vs. VEGF blocker group;. 
P<0.05 vs. curcumin + VEGF blocker group. 
VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Plasmid Primer sequence Restriction enzyme. 
Primer sequences for the construction of the recombinant expression vectors used in the present study. 
UTR, untranslated region. 
TNM staging      No. Gender Age, years Comprehensive stage Tumor Lymph node Metastasis. 
Data of the esophageal cancer patients. 
TNM staging according to the National Comprehensive Cancer Network guidelines ( 21 ). TNM, tumor node metastasis; M, male; F, female. 
P2X7 mRNA expression, n (%)     Parameter Low High P-value. 
Correlations between P2X7 mRNA expression and the main clinicopathological characteristics of the non-small cell lung cancer patients. 
TNM staging system. 
ADC, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; LCC, large cell carcinoma. 
Gene name Forward Reverse Product length, bp. 
Primers for quantitative polymerase chain reaction. 
LIRR, long intergenic radiation-responsive non-coding RNA. 
No. Ethnicity Sex Age Operated position Maximum diameter (cm) Grade Palindromia (month) Survival period (month). 
Clinical characteristics of the 6 glioblastomas. 
No. Specimen No. ng/ul Extraction method 260/280 260/230 Total (ug) Electrophoresis analysis. 
Measurement of total RNA from 6 fresh glioblastoma tissue samples. 
GO-ID Biological process Number Enrichment ratio rawP adjP. 
Biological processes involving differentially expressed genes. 
Pathway Number of genes Enrichment ratio rawP adjP. 
Distribution of the differentially expressed genes as analyzed by KEGG. 
Histones K d (?M). 
Dissociation constants of MTR–histone interactions at 25 °C as obtained from spectrofluorimetric analysis. 
Histone K d (?M) ? H (kcal mol?1) ? S (e.u.) ? G (kcal mol?1). 
Thermodynamic parameters of MTR–histone interactions in 10 mM Tris–HCl, pH 7.0 containing 150 mM NaCl as obtained by ITC at 25 °C. 
? No reperfusion 8?hr reperfusion ? Left hemisphere Right hemisphere Left hemisphere Right hemisphere. 
Brain water content in MCAO model with and without reperfusion. 
Water content was calculated as [(wet weight ? dry weight)/wet weight]?× 100% in rats where MCAO had been performed on the right side. In control rats no significant change occurred with or without reperfusion. In animals with MCAO in the right hemisphere a small apparent increase in water content in this hemisphere after 3?hr of ischemia was not statistically significant, whereas a larger increase after reperfusion marked with ? was significant ( P < 0.05). It was also significantly different ( P < 0.05) from the small apparent increase without reperfusion. 
? Left hemisphere Right hemisphere. 
Brain water content in MCAO model after 3?hr ischemia and 8?hr reperfusion in the right hemisphere under control conditions (only saline injected intraventricularly before the occlusion) and after injection of a NKCC1 inhibitor or ? 1- or ? 2-adrenergic subtype-specific antagonists, dissolved in saline. 
In rats with MCAO in the right hemisphere drugs were added 15?min before the occlusion as described in Methods. Water content was calculated as [(wet weight ? dry weight)/wet weight]?× 100%. In control animals (the same value as in Table 1 ) an increase in the ipsilateral hemisphere was significant ( P < 0.05), as marked with ?. In the presence of ethacrynic acid or the ? 1-adrenergic antagonist betaxolol no significant effect was seen, but in the presence of the ? 2-adrenergic antagonist ICI118551 water increased significantly ( P < 0.05) in the ipsilateral hemisphere as marked with ?. 
? Left hemisphere Right hemisphere. 
Brain water content in MCAO model after 3?hr ischemia and 8?hr reperfusion in the right hemisphere under control conditions (intracerebral saline only) and after injection of inhibitors of either the ? 1- or the ? 2-adrenergic pathway in astrocytes. 
In rats with MCAO in the right hemisphere drugs were added 15?min before the occlusion as described in Methods. Water content was calculated as [(wet weight ? dry weight)/wet weight]?× 100%. In control animals (the same value as in Table 1 ) an increase in the ipsilateral hemisphere was significant ( P < 0.05), as marked with ?. This was also the case after treatment with PP1, an inhibitor of Src, an intermediate in ? 2-adrenergic signaling, but not after administration of any of the other inhibitors, which interrupt ? 1- but not ? 2-adrenergic signaling as shown and discussed in Figure 1 . Most but not all inhibitors used to delineate the signaling pathways shown in that Figure were tested in this table. Since PP1 was the only ? 2-adrenergic inhibitor tested, an n = 5 was used, whereas each the other inhibitors, which all act on the same, ? 1-adrenergic were tested in fewer experiments. 
A    Target score Validated by Gene symbol Gene description. 
Predicted target genes for: A ) let-7d-5p and B ) for let-7d-3p (let-7d*). Let-7d-5p has over 300 and let-7d-3p has 40 predicted target genes. Some of them have been experimentally validated. Data obtained from miRDB and TarBase databases. Target scores equal to and over 0.8 (for A) and 0.7 (for B) have been choosen as criteria for let-7d targets; *target score taken from TarBase. 
Primers Sequence (5’-3’). 
Primers for RT-PCR, LOH, SSCP, and MSP. 
Variable Cases ARHI expression P   high low . 
Association between ARHI expression and clinicopathological features of the colon cancer patients. 
First author, year of publication, and reference Assay method Cut-off value Cases, n OS PFSa   High expression Low expression HR (95% CI) P HR (95% CI) P. 
Patient survival or disease progression associated with miR-145 expression in analyzed studies. 
CI, confidence interval; DFS, disease-free survival; HR, hazard ratio; M, multivariate analysis; MFS, metastasis-free survival; NM, not mentioned; OS, overall survival; PFS, progression-free survival; qRT-PCR, quantitative real-time PCR; RFS, relapse-free survival; U, univariate analysis. 
aPFS included any of the following: DFS, MFS or RFS. 
bHR and 95% CI calculated by survival curve. 
Diversity of bacteria libraries Number of yeast transformants Number of selected clones: selection/primary screening/secondary screening Number of clones after sequencing. 
pMyr SB VHH19 aCA2 CA7A CA8B Vpr1A Vpr2A Empty. 
Yeast co-transfected with either pSos-Nef, pSos-Vpr or pSos-CA or pSos (empty vector) and either pMyr-VHH19 (an anti-Nef sdAb previously described), pMyr-aCA2 (selected by phage display), pMyr (empty), pMyr-SB (Sos binding protein), or pMyr plasmids coding for Vpr1A, Vpr2A, CA7A or CA8B were resuspended and spotted onto galactose or glucose plates. Growth of colonies on galactose plates was indicated by + or - according with number and size of colonies. 
Regions Vehicle Everolimus. 
Percentage of optical densities of cytochrome oxidase activity staining after everolimus treatment in the telencephalon, the diencephalon, the mesencephalon, the metencephalon, the myelecephalon and the cerebellum. 
Data are means +SEM. (Student t test, * p <.05). (a, area; ant, anterior; Diag, diagonal; horiz, horizontal; genic, geniculate; mesenc, mesencephalic; n, nucleus; ret, reticular; vert, vertical). 
Name Sequence(5? to 3?). 
Genotype Drug Reference. 
Driver genes identified from cancer sequencing studies have led directly to drug targets and subsequent therapeutics that have shown significant promise in clinical trials. 
Special Issues Reference. 
Specific issues in personalized medicine and cancer. 
Pulmonary disease Extrapulmonary disease. 
Cell lines Sequenced bases on target Targeted region coverage % of the target region covered % of the target region covered >10X. 
Cell line SNVs % of SNVs in dbSNP Somatic SNVs Somatic non-synonymous SNVs Somatic nonsense mutations InDels % of InDels in dbSNP Somatic InDels Somatic Frameshift InDels Mutation rate Mutator Phenotype. 
Cell line Mutator phenotype Non-synonymous mutations with predicted functional impact InDels with predicted functional impact Druggable mutations Expressed druggable mutations Mutated epitopes Expressed mutated epitopes. 
Transcript ID Fold-Change (SI vs. SC) p-value (SI vs. SC) Gene Function. 
Transcript ID Fold-Change (SI vs. SC) p-value (SI vs. SC) Gene function. 
Compound Target/Class Concentration in ?M. 
Day of embryonic development Intraneural capillaries Perineural capillaries  f j.c. p.v. f j.c. p.v. 
Frequency of endothelial fenestrations (f), junctional complexes (j.c.) and pinocytotic vesicles (p.v.) in intraneural and perineural capillaries during murine embryonic development . 
Values were determined as follows: number of f, j.c., or p.v. divided by the number of capillaries examined (7–17 capillaries; mean values are shown). n.d., not detected (Bauer et al., 1993 ) . 
Melanoma cell line Horse Human Gene HoMel-A1 HoMel-L1 BL Mel-Ho M5. 
Genotypes of the melanoma cell lines used in this study. 
Database Description URL Refs. 
Cancer databases. 
Underlined denote abbreviated form. SNP, single-nucleotide polymorphism; CNA, copy-number alterations; exome-seq, exome-sequencing. 
Gene name Unigene ID Primer name Primer sequences Fold change (MA:MB)     RNA-Seq qRT-PCR. 
‘Inf’ means that the genes were only expressed in MA. 
Gene name Unigene ID Protein name Matched Organism Fold change (MA:MB) *. 
* The numbers in bold indicate gene expression was up-regulated after (MA) desalination; ‘Inf’ means that the genes were only expressed in MA. 
Gene name Unigene ID Protein name Matched Organism Fold change (MA:MB) *. 
* The numbers in bold indicate gene expression was up-regulated after (MA) desalination; ‘Inf’ means that the genes were only expressed in MA. 
Gene name Unigene ID Protein name Matched Organism Fold change (MA:MB) *. 
* The numbers in bold indicate that gene expression was up-regulated after (MA) desalination; ‘Inf’ means that the genes were only expressed in MA. 
hBM-MSC % CD99 Log mean Origin. 
Evaluation of CD99 Expression by Flow Cytometry in hBM-MSCs and Their Origin. 
All the cultures were used within 5 in vitro passages. 
Cell line Incidence(%) Median (range). 
Metastatic Ability of Saos-2 Parental Cells and Sa/CD99 Transfected Clones. 
Sampleno. Age Sex Ethnicity Location Primary/recurrent Histology Notes BRAF status BRAF V600EIHC. 
Clinical information and BRAF mutation status of the ameloblastoma patients; cases arranged as in Figure 1. 
Decalcification of ameloblastoma tumour samples using formic acid may hinder the BRAF V600E immunohistochemistry. 
S/MC, solid/multicystic; WT, wild-type; NA, data/sample not available; IHC, immunohistochemistry. 
WHO Grade Description. 
Scale by which the World Health Organization (WHO) gradess meningiomas. 
Any histologic pattern other than clear cell, chordoid, papillary, or rhabdoid. 
Lacks criteria of atypical or an aplasticmeningioma. 
Mitoses: 4–19 (10 hpf). 
Macronuclei, spontaneous necrosis, hypercellularity, small cell formation, sheeting architecture (Any 3 of these 5 parameters or possibly more). 
Meningioma protrudes into the parenchyma of the brain. 
Clear cell or chordoid cell types. 
Mitoses: 20+ (10 hpf). 
Apparent anaplasia (carcinoma/sarcoma-like histology). 
Rhabdoid or papillary cell type. 
Gene (Location) Genetic Product/Function. 
Genes associated with meningiomas. 
Results  Clone Having Homology to: Accession Number RT/PCR Dot Blot Northern Blot Descriptors. 
Wnt-1 induced gene database. This table summarizes the list of putative Wnt-1 responsive clones identified in the screen, including accession numbers of genes to which the sequences have homology, as well as the results obtained for each clone by Northern blot and dot blot analyses (in some cases for the latter, results from two experiments are indicated in the "Results – dot blot" column and are separated by a comma). Signals were quantified using a PhosphorImager. The value in the "Results" column for "Northern Blot" is the measure of the ratio of the signal for each gene in the Wnt-1 cells (normalized to GAPDH) to the signal for each gene in the control cells (normalized to GAPDH). The table also indicates whether the gene has been confirmed by semi-quantitative RT-PCR analysis as a true Wnt-1 responsive gene. A description of the function of each gene is listed in the last column of the table. "nd" means that no signal was detected. "inc" means increase in gene expression in the Wnt-1-treated sample, with no detectable signal in the control. 
Time (hours) Time (days) Gene 2 3 6 12 24 48 3 7. 
Summary of co-culture time course data. C57MG cells were co-cultured with QT6 or QT6Wnt-1 cells for the indicated times. Total RNA was isolated from each co-culture, and Northern blot analysis was performed using probes to the selected genes. Signals were quantified using a PhosphorImager. The reported value (fold induction) is the measure of the ratio of the signal for each gene in the Wnt-1 co-culture (normalized to GAPDH) to the signal for each gene in the control co-culture (normalized to GAPDH), averaged from three independent experiments. Zero (0) indicates that no detectable difference in gene expression was observed between the Wnt-1 and control co-cultures. "inc." signifies an increase in gene expression in the Wnt-1 co-culture, with no detectable signal in the control co-culture. Negative values indicate a decrease in expression. 
Genes Induced by Both Wnt-1 and b-catenin. 
Identification of Wnt-1 and ?-catenin responsive genes in a twelve hour co-culture assay and a stable cell line overexpressing the non-degradable ?-catenin mutant 4145?-catenin. Differential screening was performed using labeled cDNA isolated from a twelve hour Wnt-1 co-culture and a stably transfected C57MG cell line that overexpresses the stable ?-catenin mutant 4145?-catenin. The labeled cDNA was hybridized overnight with membranes spotted with the putative Wnt-1 responsive sequences. Signals were quantified using the PhosphorImager, and the genes were classified based on their response to Wnt-1 signaling and high levels of ?-catenin. 
24 h treatment 48 h treatment cell line DMSO Exisulind S. Sulfide Exisulind S. Sulfide. 
Percentage of apoptotic cells after 24 h and 48 h of drug-treatment. 
Kinase family Kinase Isoforms present in CTLs. 
Gene name Mod. Pos. 
Gene name Mod. Pos. Seq. window KO/WT ratio. 
Gene name Mod. Pos. KO/WT ratio. 
Gene name Mod. Pos. KO/WT ratio. 
Intracellular transport Lymphocyte signaling Small GTPase regulators Cytoskeleton regulation Endocytosis Golgi function. 
Gene name Protein name Mod. Pos. KO/WT Ratio. 
External stimulus Tissue (WT) Tissue (Disease A) Tissue (Disease B). 
A summary of the experimental conditions simulated . 
Specifically, these conditions included (1) a wild-type condition (i.e., healthy biological levels of cytokines), (2) an immunosuppressive disease condition (i.e., Disease A), and (3) a scenario with varying degrees of immunosuppression (i.e., Disease B) with CAV1 +/+, CAV1 +/?, and CAV1 ?/? . 
Low, 0–20 activity level; Med, 21–60 activity level; High, 61–100 activity level (Note that the activity levels do not directly correspond to concentrations, rather the activity levels provide a semi-quantitative measure to describe the relative activity of a particular component of the model.) . 
N=180 n (%) Overall survival Progression-free survival 5 yr (%) P -value a 5 yr (%) P -value a. 
Patient characteristics and treatment outcome. 
Note:. 
P -values based on the log-rank test. 
Abbreviations: T, pathologic tumor stage; N, pathologic nodal stage; RTT, radiation treatment time; yr, years. 
Total (N=180) Oral cavity (N=140) Pharyngolaryngeal (N=40) No (%) Overall survival Progression-free survival No (%) Overall survival Progression-free survival No (%) Overall survival Progression-free survival 5 y (%) P -value a 5 y (%) P -value a 5 y (%) P -value a 5 y (%) P -value a 5 y (%) P -value a 5 y (%) P -value a. 
EGF and EGFR genetic polymorphisms and treatment outcome. 
Notes:. 
P -values based on the Log-rank test. 
one patient each in the oral cavity and pharyngolaryngeal subgroup with missing genotype data. 
two patients in the pharyngolaryngeal subgroup with missing genotype data. 
two patients in the oral cavity subgroup with missing genotype data. 
unfavorable genotypes: EGF61 G/G, EGFR R521K G/G or G/A. 
Abbreviations: EGF, epidermal growth factor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; NA, not available; y, years. 
Overall survival Progression-free survival Adj HR 95% CI P a Adj HR 95% CI P a. 
Cox proportional hazards regression for patients with pharyngolaryngeal tumors. 
Notes: P -value in bold indicates a significant value ( P <0.05). 
P -values based on the Cox proportional hazards model. 
unfavorable genotype: EGF61 G/G, EGFR R521K G/G or G/A. 
Abbreviations: Adj HR, adjusted hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval; pN, pathologic nodal stage. 
Compound GI>50 (?M ± SD). 
Accession no. Gene name Symbol Log2 ratio P value. 
HUVECs were treated with 10 ?M MPT0G013 for 24 hr, then the total RNA was extracted for microarray analysis. Each unique splice variant of the gene was also tested. Different accession numbers are given. 
ANGPT2: NM_001147.2,NM_001118888.1,. 
PLAUR: NM_002659.3. 
PLAU: NM_001145031.1,. 
FLT1: NM_001160030.1,. 
MET: NM_001127500.1,. 
ANGPT1: NM_001199859.1,. 
TGFBR2: NM_003242.5,. 
CLU: NM_001831.2,NM_001171138.1,. 
IGFBP3: NM_001013398.1. 
Patient characteristics Data. 
Clinical characteristics of patients included in the study. 
Marker T N G Relapse Metastases. 
p-values using Pearson's Chi-square Test. Cut-off score for samples considered having positive overexpression was 2. 
Cell line Localisation TNM Grading Age Sex HPV p53. 
Data (HPV and p53 status raised in our lab) and clinical characterization of the cell lines used in the study. 
Gene Accession # Name Sequence Size (bp). 
TUMOR TYPE TUMOR TISSUE #TUMOR #ADJACENT NORMAL. 
Number of individual tumor and corresponding adjacent non-cancerous tissue samples investigated in this study. 
Study Treatment Pts Pathology RR (%) P -value PFS (ms) HR P -value OS (ms) HR P -value Phase. 
Bevacizumab studies in cervical cancer. 
Abbreviations: Pts, patients; BV, bevacizumab; CBP, carboplatin; P, paclitaxel; CAP, capecitabine; 5-FU, 5-fluorouracile; CP, cisplatin; RT, radiotherapy; BRT, brachytherapy; TOP, topotecan; CHT, cisplatin – paclitaxel or cisplatin – topotecan; ADC, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; UND, undifferentiated; CaRe, case report; Retr, retrospective; ms, months; RR, response rate; PFS, progression-free survival; HR, hazard ratio; OS, overall survival; na, not available. 
Study Treatment Pts Pathology RR (%) P -value PFS (w) HR P -value OS (ms) HR P -value Phase. 
Antiangiogenetic therapies in cervical cancer. 
Abbreviations: Pts, patients; w, weeks; ADC, adenocarcinoma; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; ms, months; RR, response rate; PFS, progression-free survival; HR, hazard ratio; OS, overall survival; na, not available. 
Abbreviations: C/EBP?, CCAAT-enhancer binding protein ? ER, estrogen receptor; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; OS, overall survival; PR, progesterone receptor; RFS, relapse-free survival; s.d., standard deviation. 
Patient characteristics Univariate analysis HR (95% CI) P -value Multivariate analysis ( P -value). 
Abbreviations: C/EBP?, CCAAT-enhancer binding protein ? CI, confidence interval; ER, estrogen receptor; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; HR, hazard ratio; PR, progesterone receptor; RFS, relapse-free survival. Bold and italic numerals mark probability that was considered statistically significant ( P <0.05). 
Activated oncogene Associated metabolite addiction Reference. 
Gene Mutation rate Normal function Consequence of alteration Comment. 
Selected genomic alterations in SqCC . 
Gene Direction of dysregulation Incidence Normal function Current targetability. 
Alterations in major pathways in SqCC . 
Molecularly targeted drugs under investigation in Sqcc a . 
aSome of these agents have multiple other mechanisms of action in addition . 
Clinical Trials.gove Identifier, agent, trial name Target Phase Line Design Status. 
Checkpoint inhibitors under evaluation in advanced SqCC (selected studies) . 
Ref for this table: Clinical Trials.gov accessed 31 August 2014 . 
Treatment Cancer cell/tissue Mechanism Dose Reference       In vitro (?M) In vivo (mg/kg)  . 
Abbreviations: Akt/PKB, protein kinase B; AMPK, adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase; ATAD3A, ATPase family AAA domain containing 3A; Bcl-2, B-cell lymphoma 2; eIF4E-BP1, eukaryotic initiation factor 4E binding protein 1; ERK 1 / 2, extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 / 2; HIF-1?, hypoxia-inducible factors -1 alpha; HRS, hepatocyte growth factor-regulated tyrosine kinase substrate; HSP72, heat shock protein 72; JNK, c-Jun N-terminal kinases; Lamp 2b, lysosome associated membrane proteins 2b; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; mTORC 1 / 2, mTOR complex 1 / 2; N-CoR, nuclear receptor corepressor; ND, not determined; p62/SQSTM1, the ubiquitin-binding protein p62 or sequestosome 1; p70S6K, p70S6 kinase; PARP-1, Poly [ADP-ribose] polymerase 1; PDE4A4, cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase-4A4; PELP1, proline-, glutamic acid-, and leucine-rich protein-1; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinases; PKC?, protein kinase C delta; Ras, rat sarcoma protein; ROS, reactive oxygen species; SIRT1, Sirtuin 1; Tcf-4, transcription factor -4; TG2, tissue transglutaminase; TSC1/2, tuberous sclerosis 1 / 2; Vps 34/ Class III PI 3-kinase; WIPI, WD-repeat protein interacting with phosphoinosides; Wnt, wingless integration signaling pathway. Induction of autophagic death by the five dietary polyphenolic compounds rottlerin, genistein, quercetin, curcumin and resveratrol in various cancer types, the regulatory mechanisms involved and the effective doses for in vitro as well as in vivo analyses. 
Baseline factors. 
T category was not available in 15 cases. 2N category was not available in 20 cases. 3M category was not available in 5 cases. 4Tumor size was not available in 11 cases. 5Histopathological variant was not available in 1 case. 6Follow-up data were available for 159 patients. 715 patients (75%) have shown recurrence to the regional or local lymph nodes, and 5 (25%) have demonstrated recurrence to distant organs such as the lung, bone, and brain. 8Radioiodine ablation was done only in 10.6% of patients due to limited availability of this treatment modality in the country at that time. 
VHL expression (no. of cases)  Clinicopathological parameters Total no. of cases Low (n?=?132) High (n?=?132) P-value. 
*P values less than 0.05 were considered significant, according to the Fisher's exact test for categorical data or Mann-Whitney test for continuous variables. 
Factor Comparison Odds Ratio 95% Confidence Interval P-value. 
All variants of PTC other than classic papillary combined. 
Kinase H1650 H3255 U87. 
Overview of average spectral counts for the tyrosine kinases detected in extracellular vesicle samples from different cell lines. 
Not tyrosine kinase. 
Sample type Mean age (±SD) Gender (% male) Metastatic disease (%). 
Patient characteristics. 
ERK kinase module G1/S transition module MAP kinase pathway. 
Summary of the accuracy of the estimated model parameters. 
The comparison of discrete and continuous approaches is mainly based on the magnitude of the mean errors of these approaches which are given in Additional file 1 : Tables S2, S3 and S4. 
  NIS DNMT1 DNMT3a DNMT3b. 
Abbreviations: DNMT, DNA methyltransferase; NIS, sodium iodide symporter; PTC, papillary thyroid carcinoma. 
NIS and DNMT expression levels were analyzed in 28 cases of PTC and surrounding normal tissue. 
Agents HMEC-1 IC50 (?M) * HMECsu IC50 (?M) * Resistance index. 
Exposure to sunitinib induces multiple drug resistance. 
Notes: Human microvascular endothelial cells (HMEC-1) were cultured for 72 hours in the presence of escalating concentrations of sunitinib and stabilized. MTS was used to determine half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) for the four drugs. The increases in IC50 for these drugs were statistically significant. Statistical analyses showed P <0.01 when comparing HMECsu cells with HMEC-1 cells in all of the tests. 
Means ± standard error. 
Abbreviations: HMECsu, sunitinib-resistant HMEC-1 cells; MTS, 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-5-(3-carboxymethoxyphenyl)-2-(4-sulfophenyl)-2H-tetrazolium. 
Agents HMEC-1 IC50 (?M) * HMECsu IC50 (?M) * Resistance index Reversal fold. 
Effects of ABC transporter inhibitors on IC50. 
Notes: HMECsu was tested for IC50. MTS was used to determine IC50 for the four drugs in the presence or absence of ABC transporter inhibitors. The cells were treated for 72 hours. Statistical analyses showed P <0.01 when comparing HMECsu cells with HMEC-1 cells in all of the tests, and P >0.05 when comparing the data within the groups. 
Means ± standard error. 
Abbreviations: ABC, adenosine triphosphate-binding cassette; IC50, half maximal inhibitory concentration; HMEC-1, human microvascular endothelial cells; HMECsu, sunitinib-resistant HMEC-1 cells; MTS, 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-5-(3-carboxymethoxyphenyl)-2-(4-sulfophenyl)-2H-tetrazolium; Vrp, verapamil; CysA, cyclosporine A; FumC, fumitremorgin C; Die, diethylstilbestrol. 
miRNA Expression levels in GC tissues Target genes References. 
Summary of methylated miRNAs in GC. 
miRNA, microRNA; GC, gastric cancer; CDK4, cyclin-dependent kinase 4; MET, hepatocyte growth factor receptor; CCNE2, cyclin E2; KRAS, v-Ki-ras2 Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog; Cdc42, cell division cycle 42; DNMT1, DNA methyltransferase 1; ROCK1, Rho-associated protein kinase 1; MAPRE1, microtuble-associated protein RP/EB family member 1; CDK6, cyclin-dependent kinase 6; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; RAB34, member of RAS oncogene family; MeCP2, methyl CpG binding protein 2; SSX2IP, synovial sarcoma X breakpoint protein. 
Organism Protein Chain Reference. 
Examples of well characterized multi-stage signaling pathways suitable for load drivers. 
miR Function Target/s Ref. 
miR Expression Function Target/s Ref. 
MicroRNA MicroRNA delivery Result of microRNA manipulation Ref. 
MicroRNAs employed for tissue engineering approaches. 
Protein PARsylated Reference. 
Tankyrase binding partners. 
N.D., not determined. 
  Embryos recovered Average % chimeric % Contribution >10 cells. 
EGFP, enhanced green fluorescent protein; ES, embryonic stem cell; TS, trophoblast stem cell. 
Methods Sensitivity/specificity Advantages/disadvantages Target and reference. 
Listof molecular methods for Vibrio parahaemolyticus detection. 
Proteins with greater synthesis in HT29 cells Acc.No. Diff. p-value SG. 
Checkmarks indicate correlation with shotgun analysis (SG). 
SW480 HT29 Protein Acc.No. Diff. p-value Diff. p-value. 
Proteins upregulated more than three-fold with statistical significance (p<0.05) are indicated by bold letters. Proteins involved in chaperoning functions are displayed in italic font. 
Binding (IC50) ERK (EC50) EPIC® (EC50) xCELLigence (EC50). 
Potency of ligands (nM) on HMDM across the different platforms tested. Binding assay performed using 25 pM 125I-C5a. EC50/IC50 of compounds, with 95% confidence intervals (n = 3 ? 8). 
Binding (IC50) ERK (EC50) EPIC® (EC50) xCELLigence (EC50). 
Potency of ligands (nM) on CHO-C5aR cells across the different platforms tested. Binding assay performed using 25 pM 125I-C5a. EC50/IC50 of compounds, with 95% confidence intervals (n = 3 ? 16). 
No. Sex Age T N M Grade Pathology. 
region   Change No. Cytoband Start End Percent1 (%) No. of probe. 
Note: 1: when two or more adjacent cytobands have copy number changes at a frequency above 30% (gain) and 60% (loss), the average frequency of these cytobands was calculated and listed. 
Region   Change No. Cytoband Start End No. of cases Gene. 
Note: Amp: amplifications. HD: homozygous deletions. 
Change No. Pathway Description No. of genes P value. 
PSCA(n?=?58)  P value Clinical parameter Negative Positive ? 2 P value. 
HMGA2(n?=?60)   Clinical parameter Negative Weak positive Strong positive ? 2 P value. 
Study Identifier Name Sponsor Study Design Setting Biomarker/Population Selection Treatment Arms Primary Endpoint Tissue Requirement for Biomarker Analysis. 
Comparative description of study designs. 
Abbreviations: TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; mut, mutant; WT, wild-type; ORR odds ratio. 
Patients Anemia Thrombopenia Neutropenia Neurotoxicity Mucositis. 
Patients selected for this study and their grade of toxicities. 
Gene Genbank Acc. Number PRE POST. 
Genes whose expression varied “on-off” after oxaliplatin chemotherapy. Relative expression levels, PRE, stands for expression level pre-chemotherapy and POST for post-chemotherapy. LMNA and DLEU7 are genes with polymorphisms sensitive to oxaliplatin that overlap our study. 
Cell Lines Stimulus GPRC Metalloproteases RTK Biological Responses Ref. 
RTKs transactivation: role of metalloproteases. 
18Co, Human colonic myofibroblasts; 5-HT2B, Serotonin receptor 2B; A498, Human kidney carcinoma cell line; AChR, Acetylcholine receptor; Ang II, Angiotensin II; AT1, Angiotensin II receptor type 1; ATP, Adenosine triphosphate; Caki2, Human renal carcinoma cells; CHO, Chinese hamster ovary cell line; CXCL12, Chemokine 12; CXCR1, Chemokine receptor type 1; CXCR2, Chemokine receptor type 2; CXCR4, Chemokine receptor type 4; EC-4 (TACE +/+) and EC-2 (TACE ?Zn/?Zn), Mice fibroblasts cell lines; EGF, Epidermal growth factor; EGFR, Epidermal growth factor receptor; GnRH, Gonadotropin-releasing hormone; GnRHR, Gonadotropin-releasing hormone receptor; H2R, Histamine receptor; LH, Hormon luteinizant; LHRH, Luteinizing-hormone receptor; LPA, Lysophosphatidic acid; LPA1, Lysophosphatidic acid receptor type 1; N15C6, Human prostate epithelial cells; P2Y2R, Nucleotide receptor; PARs, Protease activated receptors; SCC-9, Human tongue epithelial carcinoma cells; TccSup, Human urinary bludder epithelial cells; TNF-?, Tumor necrosis factor; UTP, Uridine triphosphate. 
Cell Lines Stimulus GPCR Source of ROS RTKs Biological Responses Ref. 
RTKs transactivation: role of ROS. 
5-HT, Serotonin; 5-HTR, Serotonin receptor; Ang II, Angiotensin II; AT1, Angiotensin II receptor type 1; BDKRB1-2, Bradykinin receptor B1-2; c-Met, Hepatocyte growth factor receptor; Calu-6, Human lung cancer cells; DAN-G, Human pancreatic carcinoma cells; EDNRs, Endothelin receptors; EGFR, Epidermal growth factor receptor; FPR, N -formyl peptide receptor; FPR2, N -formyl peptide receptor 2; HepG2, Human hepatocyte cell line; HuH7, Human hepatocarcinoma cell line; LPA, Lysophosphatidic acid; LPA1, Lysophosphatidic acid receptor type 1; mAChRs, Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors; PARs, Protease activated receptors; PDGFR-?, Platelet-derived growth factor receptor; PNT1A, Human prostatic cell line; SH-SY5Y, Human neuronal cells; SMC, Human smooth muscle cells; TrkA, Neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor type 1; TrkB, Neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor type 2; VSMCs, Human vascular smooth muscle cells. 
Cell Lines Stimulus GPCR Tyrosine Kinases RTK Biological Responses Ref. 
RTKs transactivation: role of tyrosine kinases. 
5-HT, Serotonin; 5-HT1A, Serotonin receptor; Ang II, Angiotensin II; AT1, Angiotensin II receptor type 1; AVP, Vasopressin; C9, Rat hepatic cells; COS-7, Fibroblast-like cell line; EGFR, Epidermal growth factor receptor; ET-1, Endothelin receptor; HEK293, Human embryonic kidney 293 cells; IGFR, Insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor; NTSR, Neurotensin receptor; PC12-615, Rat pheochromocytoma cell line; PC3, Human prostate carcinoma cells; PDGFR-?, Platelet-derived growth factor receptor; SH-SY5Y, Human neuronal cells; TrkA, Neutrophic tyrosine kinase receptor type 1; V2R, Vasopressin receptor; VSMCs, Vascular smooth muscle cells; ?2AR, ?2-Adrenergic receptors. 
Parameter Characteristics No. of Patients (%). 
Patient characteristics. 
Parameter PDGF-C Expression p Positive Negative. 
Relative of PDGF-C expression with clinicopathological characteristics and HuR expression. 
Cell Line Sorafenib IC50 (µM). 
Mean half maximal inhibitory concentrations (IC50) values (cell viability) of urothelial cancer cell lines (UCCs) and normal uroepithelial controls (UP199, UP202) after 72 h of sorafenib treatment as determined by total adenosine triphosphate (ATP) levels. 
PK Parameter Atorvastatin Fluvastatin Lovastatin Pitavastatin Pravastatin Rosuvastatin Simvastatin. 
Pharmacokinetic (PK) characteristics of commonly prescribed statins, data summarised from [ 5 , 11 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 , 23 ]. Blue-coloured moiety in chemical structures indicates the pharmacophore. * Logarithms of octanol–water distribution coefficients (log D ) are presented at pH 7.0 for rosuvastatin and pH 7.4 for all other drugs. 
Disorder Possible Statin-Induced Mechanisms Strength of Evidence Overall Consensus. 
Summary of statins’ effects on cognition and neurocognitive disorders. 
Disorder Possible Statin-Induced Mechanisms Strength of Evidence Overall Consensus. 
Summary of statins’ effects on neurological disorders. 
Subtype Molecular markers First line therapy Second line therapy Approximate occurrence (%) Reviewed in reference. 
Breast cancer subtypes and therapies . 
Category Mechanism/ Drug Reference. 
Novel strategies for CRPC therapy. 
ST6GAL1 mRNA level b   n a low high P-value c Spearman rs. 
Clinico-pathological parameters in relation to ST6GAL1 mRNA expression. 
aOnly patients with primary bladder cancer were included; bcut-off: 0.5 in relation to NU expression; cFisher’s exact test; daccording to WHO 2004 classification, significant p-values are marked in bold face. 
ST6GAL1 IRS b   n a low (IRS 0–3) high (IRS 4–12) P-value c Spearman rs. 
Clinico-pathological parameters of high grade, invasive bladder tumors in relation to ST6GAL1 protein expression. 
aOnly patients with primary bladder cancer were included; bcut-off: median immunoreactive score (IRS) according to Remmele and Stegner [ 23 ]; cFisher’s exact test; daccording to WHO 1973 classification according to WHO 2004 classification; eaccording to WHO 2004 classification; significant p-values are marked in bold face. 
Study Country Patients Methods Primary aim Methylation site RUNX3 expression. 
Basic characteristics of the included studies. 
Abbreviations: BC, breast cancer; IHC, immunohistochemistry; MSP, methylation-specific PCR; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; RT-PCR, reverse transcription PCR. 
Gene name Chain Sequence (5?-3?) Product (bp). 
(A) Compound Target Cancer Stage of development Structure. 
(B) Compound Target References Structure. 
Bacteria Effect on host Secreted proteins Secretion apparatus. 
Type III secretion systems in animal-associated gram-negative bacteria. 
Gene Catalog number for lst shRNA Catalog number for 2nd shRNA. 
List of catalog numbers for shRNAs obtained from Open Biosystems/GE Dharmacon or The RNAi Consortium (TRC)/Broad Institute. 
These shRNAs are no longer commercially available from Open Biosystems/GE Dharmacon, and thus shRNA sequences are provided in lieu of catalog numbers. 
Gene Forward primer (5’ ? 3’) Reverse primer (5’ ? 3’). 
List of primers used for quantitative real-time RT-PCR, ChIP and vector construction. 
Probe ID (Agilent 44 k) Symbol Fold change p Value Gene name. 
Top 50 gene records with decreased expression (p < 0.05) in tBHQ-treated AsPC-1 cells. 
The fold increased/decreased values are mean of three independent samples. Superscripts were assigned to drug response genes (D), oxidative stress response genes (O) and metastasis (M) related genes according to gene ontology. These gene symbols are presented in bold style. 
Probe IDIlumina Symbol Fold change p Value (LPE t-test) Gene name. 
Top 50 gene records with decreased expression (p < 0.05) in NRF2 siRNA-treated AsPC-1 cells. 
The fold changes are mean of three independent samples. Superscripts were assigned to drug response genes (D), oxidative stress response genes (O) and metastasis (M) related genes according to gene ontology. These gene symbols are presented in bold style. 
Probe ID Ilumina Symbol Fold change p Value (LPE t-test) Gene name. 
Top 50 gene records with increased expression (p < 0.05) in NRF2 siRNA-treated AsPC-1 cells. 
The fold changes are mean of three independent samples. Superscripts were assigned to drug response genes (D), oxidative stress response genes (O) and metastasis (M) related genes according to gene ontology. These gene symbols are presented in bold style. 
OR Main results References. 
Role of kinases in OR desensitization/tolerance . 
OR Main results References. 
Role of arrestins in OR trafficking . 
Haloperidol. 
* ?var shows the amount of extra variance explained by incorporating significant QTL pairwise-interactions. 
Coefficients Estimate Std. Error t value Pr(>|t|). 
Gene name Entrez gene Description. 
Gene name and description for the Human Mood Disorder 96-well qPCR StellARray™. 
Lithium Sodium valproate Gene Description p Fold change Gene Description p Fold change. 
Gene expression profiling of SH-SY5Y cells following exposure to drugs affecting mood. 
Top 10 changes in gene expression levels between treated (10 µM amphetamine, 10 µM cocaine, 1 mM lithium and 5 mM sodium valproate) and untreated conditions measured using qPCR arrays (Human Mood Disorder 96 StellARrayTM) and Global Pattern Recognition (GPR) statistical analysis. Fold change values are represented as treated conditions normalised to the drug vehicle. Bold font indicates significant changes in gene expression, p <0.05. 
Gene Locus Strand NRSF site Size (Bp) Position. 
Predicted NRSF regulation of genes affecting mood. 
NRSF binding sites over top 10 affected genes across all drug treatments from Transcription Factor ChIP-seq from ENCODE version 4. Bold font indicates genes significantly affected by drug challenge. Negative and positive values under Position represent the location of the NRSF site upstream of the gene transcriptional start site and downstream of the 3?UTR, respectively. Values not assigned +/? represent binding sites within the gene sequence. For genes with multiple transcripts, binding site positions are with respect to the largest isoform. 
NED Adenoma Cancer. 
NED - no evidence of disease (healthy control), T - Adenoma tubulare, TV - Adenoma tubulovillosum, V - Adenoma villosum, NA - not available, I, II, III, IV - Stages according to AJCC system. 
NED Adenoma Cancer. 
NED - no evidence of disease (healthy control), SD - standard deviation, CRC - colorectal cancer. 
NED Adenoma Cancer  N?=?24 N?=?26 N?=?34. 
PMR - Percent of methylated reference, SD - standard deviation, NED - no evidence of disease (healthy control), CRC - colorectal cancer. 
- highly significant difference (p<0.001) between NED and adenoma PMR in tissue and between NED and CRC in tissue. 
- significant difference (p?=?0.01) between NED and CRC PMR in plasma and significant difference (p<0.01) between adenoma and CRC in plasma. 
miRNA Upregulated or downregulated Target genes Tumor type Reference. 
MicroRNAs and their target genes in human pituitary adenomas. 
Clinical variable SIRS Sepsis survivors Sepsis non-survivors. 
Clinical and demographic information for the analysis population. 
Data presented as mean?±?standard deviation. aOther identified pathogens include: Candida albicans , Clostridium difficile , Coagulase-negative Staphylococcus, Enterococcus species, Legionella, Listeria monocytogenes , Mycoplasma pneumoniae , Pseudomonas aeruginosa , Streptococcus non-pneumoniae ( agalactiae , pyogenes , viridans group). No significant differences in pathogen frequency were identified between Sepsis Survivors and Sepsis Non-survivors using Fisher’s exact test. Subjects were counted more than once in cases of polymicrobial infection. 
bReported as cells x 109/liter, median (1st quartile, 3rd quartile). Leukocyte differential percentages exclude one SIRS subject, nine Sepsis Survivors, and two Sepsis Deaths for whom differential data were not available. 
B/W/O: black/white/other; N/A: not applicable. 
Expression of SCFA transporters and cell surface receptors. 
Differentially expressed genes between three groups. 
C, control group; M, monocrotaline group; U, human umbilical cord bloodmesenchymal stem cells group. a)1.5-fold increase in the expression of genes. b)2-fold increase in the expression of genes. 
Up-regulated genes expressed by over 400% between monocrotaline and control group. 
Down-regulated genes expressed by over 400% between monocrotaline treatmet and the control. 
Up-regulated genes expressed by over 700% between monocrotaline and human UCB-MSCs treatment group. 
UCB, umbilical cord blood; MSC, mesenchymal stem cell. 
Down-regulated genes expressed by over 400% between monocrotaline and human UCB-MSCs treatment treatment group. 
UCB, umbilical cord blood; MSC, mesenchymal stem cell. 
List of UbK63 chain targets along different trafficking pathways. 
1 Not Identified; 2 For all reported examples, MVB sorting was shown to be dependent on UBD-containing ESCRT complexes. 
Author no. of Samples Test(s) no. (%) of Genomic Alterations Type of Alterations. 
Genomic aberrations in SCLC. 
PCR, polymerase chain reaction; mut, mutation; DHPLC, denaturing high-performance liquid chromatography; RT-PCR, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction; FISH, fluorescent in situ hybridization; ampl, amplification; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism; IHC, immunohistochemistry. 
Generic Name Trade/Code Name Mechanism of Action Trials in other Cancers MCC Trial Phase Trial Status Additional. 
Clinical trials for tyrosine kinase inhibitors in Merkel Cell Carcinoma (MCC). 
VEGFR2, Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Receptor 2; IGF-R1, Insulin Growth Factor-1 Receptor; mTOR, Mammalian Target of Rapamycin; VEGF-1/2, Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor 1/2; PDGFR?, Platelet Derived Growth Factor Receptor Beta; BCR-ABL, Breakpoint Cluster Region-Abelson Murine Leukemia gene. * Everolimus and Cixutumumab combination therapy trial; ** Everolimus and Vatalanib combination therapy trial. 
Chromosome Deletion/Amplification. 
Chromosomal abnormalities in MCC. 
PTEN, Phosphatase and tensin homolog. 
Negative Study Description. 
Mutational analyses with negative findings in MCC. 
p14ARF, p14 Alternate Reading Frame; Ras, Rat Sarcoma; PTEN, Phosphatase and tensin homolog; PDGFA, Platelet Derived Growth Factor Alpha; Wnt, Wingless-related integration site; BRAF, Rapidly Accelerated Sarcoma B; MAPK, Mitogen Activated Protein Kinase; ALK, Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase; RON, Recepteur d’Origine Nantais; MSP, Macrophage Stimulating Protein; APC, Adenomatous Polyposis Coli; EGFR, Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor; FLT3, FMS-like Tyrosine Kinase 3; JAK2, Janus Kinase 2. 
Expressed Marker Association with MCC Prognosis. 
Markers associated with prognosis in MCC. 
MCPyV, Merkel cell; Rb, Retinoblastoma; Ep-CAM, Epithelial Cell Adhesion Molecule; IHH, Indian Hedgehog; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; TIMP3, Tissue Inhibitor of Metalloproteinase 3; VEGF, Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor; PIN1, Peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase 1. 
Virus Genome Associated Cancers. 
Oncogenic viruses and associated cancers. HTLV-1, human T-lymphotropic virus-1; KSHV, Kaposi’s sarcoma herpesvirus; SV40, simian virus 40. 
Gene Expression Therapeutic Agents pCR to CT CT. 
Clinical relevance of the heterogeneity in TNBC. The classification into subtypes can differentiate diseases by their gene expression profiles and relative chemosensitivity, encouraging innovative approaches to personalized therapies. The gene expression profiling of primary TNBC allows to stratify them in different subtypes. The stratification into subtypes has clinical value and is able to differentiate each primary disease in terms of chemosensitivity. For each subtype on the basis of its molecular profile, the best tailored treatment has been proposed. 
Cell Line Description Mean Met ± SD (pg/µg). 
Met protein content (pg/ug total protein) in selected tumor derived cell lines. 
Authors Type of Cancer Study Characteristics Sugar Main Results. 
Overview of human studies focused on cancer development and simple sugar consumption. 
F, fructose; G, glucose; GI, Glycemic Index; GL, glycemic load; HBV, hepatitis B virus; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; HCV, hepatitis C virus; HR, hazards ratio; L, lactose; OR, odds ratio; RCH, refined carbohydrates; RR, risks ratio; S, sugar; SSB, sugar-sweetened beverages; ST, starch; SU, sucrose; TCH, total carbohydrate. 
Characteristics Data. 
Patient characteristics. 
Gene Target sites 3?-UTR position  Sequence (5?-3?). 
Insert 3?-UTR sequence of EGFR and c-Met . 
Annotations No. of genes P-value. 
Top 10 enriched pathways in miR-23b and miR-27b . 
Clinical BCs        Change P-value Entrez gene ID Symbol Description. 
miR-23b/27b common target genes highly expressed in bladder cancer. 
Characteristic n %. 
Clinical and pathological characteristics of TCGA serous ovarian tumors from patients treated with standard platinum- and taxane-based chemotherapy. 
TCGA, The Cancer Genome Atlas; LOF, loss of function; WT, wild-type. 
Variable Category n p-value ?2 test  Oncomorphic LOF Unclassified. 
Univariate analysis of association of clinical factors with TP53 mutation categories (oncomorphic, LOF, and unclassified) demonstrates that platinum status is significantly different among the three mutation groups. 
LOF, loss of function; mac, macroscopic disease. 
Analysis variable Median expression p-value Wilcoxon test (two sided)  Oncomorphic Unclassified. 
Significant differential protein expression between tumors with oncomorphic versus unclassified TP53 mutations as determined by Wilcoxon rank sum test. Median protein expression is presented. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Analysis variable Median expression p-value Kruskal-Wallis test  Oncomorphic LOF Unclassified. 
Significant differential protein expression among tumors with oncomorphic, LOF and unclassified TP53 mutations as determined by Kruskal-Wallis test. Median protein expression is presented. 
LOF, loss of function. 
Clonal recurrent cytogenetic abnormalities and their frequency in myelodysplastic syndrome. 
a)This frequency was reported by Smith et al. [ 121 ]. b)Data are extrapolated by Koh et al. [ 122 ]. c)The frequency was reported in Mauritzson et al. [ 123 ]. d)Abnormalities of the chromosome 17 such as 17q (del or t), 17p (del or t), -17 are detectable but rare. [ 124 ]. e)The frequency refers to 11q- in Mauritzson et al. [ 123 ]. Abbreviations: MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; del, deletion; t, translocation; I, isochromosome; inv, inversion; idic, isodicentric; NA, not applicable. 
Frequency and prognostic significance of somatic molecular mutations in myelodysplastic syndrome. 
a)An adverse prognostic impact [ 30 ]. b)Indicates the frequency in refractory anemia with ring sideroblasts. c)The prognostic impact of mutations in these genes cannot be statistically assessed due to the low frequency of mutations. d)A poor overall survival was associated mainly with STAG2 mutations in MDS patients [ 102 ]. 
Oncogenic miRNAs Genomic location Expression Target genes. 
Tumor suppressive miRNAs Genomic location Expression Target genes in lung cancer. 
Long non-coding RNA Genomic location Expression Clinical implication. 
Poor prognosis. 
Shorter overall survival. 
Metastasis development. 
Poor prognosis. 
Advanced stage. 
Lymph node metastasis. 
Shorter disease free survival. 
Poor prognosis. 
Lymph node metastasis. 
Poor prognosis. 
Advanced stage. 
Shorter overall survival. 
Metastasis development. 
Poor prognosis. 
Advanced stage. 
Lymph node metastasis. 
Shorter overall survival. 
Lymph node metastasis. 
Tumor pathological stage. 
Shorter overall survival. 
Poor prognosis. 
Metastasis development. 
Poor prognosis. 
Metastasis development. 
Firefly (Photinus pyralis) Sea Pansy (Renilla reniformis) Gaussia (Gaussia princeps) Click Beetle Red (Pyrophorus plagiophtalamus) Click Beetle Green (Cratomorphus distinctus). 
Dose Level 1 n =2 2 n =1 3 n =0 4 n =1 5 n =0 6 n =0 7 n =3 8 n =34 Total n =41  Bevacizumab Dose, mg/kg IV q2w 2.5 5 5 5 7.5 7.5 7.5 10   Cetuximab Dose, mg/m2 IV weekly * 100, 75 100, 75 200, 125 200, 125 200, 125 400, 250 400, 250 400, 250   Erlotinib Dose, mg po daily 50 50 50 100 100 100 150 150 . 
Abbreviations: DLT, dose-limiting toxicity; IV, intravenous; po, orally. 
Recommended Phase II dose.31 This includes full approved doses of each drug. 
Cetuximab dose shown as loading dose, maintenance dose. 
Characteristics ( n =41) . 
Abbreviation: ECOG, Easter Cooperative Oncology Group; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor 1; P53, turmor protein 53. 
Case # Best Response % Treatment duration (months) KRAS mutation PTEN TP53 mutation EGFR mutation HER2 Amplification PIK3CA mutation Prior bevacizumab Prior cetuximab Prior panitumumab Brain metastases Dose Level Rash Grade. 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor 1; HER2, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; ND, not done; PIK3CA, phosphoinositide-3-kinase, catalytic, alpha polypeptide. 
indicates patients who received prior study drugs concurrently. 
indicates ongoing therapy. 
Gene Proportion of patients with mutation out of number tested (% of patients positive) Mutations identified Number of patients who achieved SD > 6 months/PR (by mutation status) Mutant Wild type. 
Sample AS events in sample transcripts AS events in reference transcripts Newly detected AS events. 
Newly detected AS events in CSCC and ATN samples. 
Abbreviations: AS, alternative splicing; CSCC, cervical squamous cell carcinoma; ATN, adjacent nontumor tissues. 
KEGG entry Signal pathway Gene number. 
Signal pathways related with CSCC-specific AS events ( P <0.05). 
Abbreviations: AS, alternative splicing; CSCC, cervical squamous cell carcinoma; GPI, glycosylphosphatidylinositol; KEGG, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes . 
Variable feature n KLHDC7B P -value SYCP2 P -value + ? + ?. 
Correlation between AS genes and the clinicopathologic characteristics of CSCC patients. 
Note: Fisher’s exact text was used when theoretical frequency was <5. 
Abbreviations: AS, alternative splicing; CSCC, cervical squamous cell carcinoma; FIGO, International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics; KLHDC7B , kelch domain-containing 7B; SYCP2 , synaptonemal complex 2. 
Junction Strand Official gene name LHR LYM ZTF WSN. 
The alternative splicing junctions of the four paired CSCC and ATN tissues. 
Abbreviations: ATN, adjacent nontumor tissues; CSCC, cervical squamous cell carcinoma. 
MATRIX START SITE SCORE STRAND MATRIX START SITE SCORE MATRIX START SITE SCORE. 
MATRIX: One of the possible VDRE sites matching the mtDNA sequence (the sequence and matrix are described in S1 table ). START SITE: The start site of the sequence referred to in the UCSC database (as described in the Methods section). SCORE: The affinity score is reported as a percentage of the maximum score for each matrix. STRAND: The strand of the sequence. For overlapping sequences, more than one matrix, start site and score are reported. Sites in the D-loop are highlighted in bold text. 
Approaches Technique & Application Examples Exemplary Tools &URL. 
Computational methods for biomarker discovery categorized by their application, examplary tools and URLs. 
Data sources URLs. 
Data sources and URLs for HCC databases. 
Pathway/Aim ofthe Model Cell Type/Organ Organism Modeling Approach &Methodology ExperimentalData Reference. 
Overview of some recent literature papers on the modeling and computational analysis of metabolism. 
Abbreviations . CM: Core model; CRL: Chemiosmotic Rate Law; DAE: Differential Algebraic Equations; EM: Ensemble modeling; FBA: Flux Balance Analysis; GW: Genome-wide model; L: experimental data obtained from literature; M: experimental data measured with ad hoc experiments; MFA: Metabolic Flux Analysis; ODE: Ordinary Differential Equations; PDE: Partial Differential Equations; PE: Parameter Estimation; SA: Sensitivity Analysis; SDE: Stochastic Differential Equations. 
Tool name Purpose Interaction-based Constraint-Based Mechanism-Based Reference. 
Main computational tools used in the modeling, simulation and analysis of metabolism. 
Database Contents Reference. 
Principal databases collecting biological data or metabolic models, fundamental resources for the investigation of metabolism. 
Intrinsic/Acquired/Adaptive Pathway Mechanism of resistance Frequency (tumor samples) Reference. 
MEK1P124S, MEK1P124L, MEK1I111S, MEK1G276W, MEK1F53Y and MEK1V154I do not seem to confer resistance;. 
MEK1C121S, MEK1Q56P, MEK1K57E, MEK1E203K, MEK1V60E, MEK1G128V and MEK2F57C, MEK2C125S, MEK2V35M, MEK2L46F, MEK2N126D were associated with acquired resistance. 
NCT Phase Drugs Kind of approach Sponsor. 
1A Nicotine induced ?-Arrestin-1 (ARRB1) dependent genes S.No Probe ID GenBank ID Gene Symbol Control si Nic vs Control si SS ARRB1 si Nic vs Control si SS. 
Nicotine induced and ARRB1 dependent genes from the microarray data were analyzed. We identified differentially regulated genes that were regulated by nicotine in a ?-arrestin-1 dependent fashion and top 10 up/down regulated genes from the list were used for prognosis prediction. Assessment of the expression of these genes for smoking revealed that SCF (highlighted in red) strongly differentiated smokers from non-smokers implying an important role of this gene in lung carcinogenesis induced by smoking. 
GO Term Count P-Value Down-regulated genes (FI?0.50) § Up-regulated genes (FI?1.50) §. 
Genes coding for secreted or potentially secreted proteins are indicated in bold; genes coding for receptors are underlined (according to UniProtKB classification). 
Pathway Count P-Value Down-regulated genes (FI?0.50) § Up-regulated genes (FI?1.50) §. 
Genes coding for secreted or potentially secreted proteins are indicated in bold; genes coding for receptors are underlined (according to UniProtKB classification). 
CRC FasL expression P value ?/+(30) ++/+++(33). 
Prey Accession # # of hits Description. 
Samples Relative DUSP10 expression § Phosphorylated DUSP10 Relative mTORC2 activity ˆ Relative p38 activity ¥. 
Note: Five normal brain and 32 quick-frozen GBM samples were assessed for DUSP10 expression and phosphorylation as described in figure 2 and quantified. Seventeen of 32 tumor samples (53%) had markedly higher expression levels of DUSP10 and displayed migration patterns consistent with phosphorylated DUSP10 (+) relative to normal brain. mTORC2 and p38 activity was determined by monitoring phospho-Ser473-AKT and phospho-Thr180/Tyr182-p38, respectively. 
Undetectable phospho-Ser473-AKT. 
Undetectable phospho-Thr180/Tyr182-p38. 
DUSP10 expression > 2-fold above mean of normal brain. 
Markedly increased DUSP10 expression > 10-fold increase above mean of normal brain. 
mTORC2 activity > 2-fold above mean of normal brain. 
p38 activity > 2-fold above mean of normal brain. 
Gene Symbol Name FC-p53 FC-Rb FC-p53+Rb. 
FC = Fold change. 
N/A = Fold change not available. Gene was not found to be significantly differentially expressed in WI38 cells coexpressing p53 and pRb. 
P53 P16 Ras EGFR Differentiation Origin Metastasis. 
mt = mutant, del = deleted, wt = wild-type. 
Obatoclax SAHA/Obatoclax  LBH589/Obatoclax  Obatoclax /RTx  Glioblastoma culture MGMT promoter Recurrence IC50 (nM) Enhancement Factor Effect Size Enhancement Factor Effect Size Enhancement Factor Effect Size. 
The relevant characteristics of the GSC cultures are provided, being the MGMT promoter methylation status, gender and whether or not the GSC culture was obtained from a patient with a recurrent tumor. The combination of treatments of Obatoclax with either SAHA, LBH589 or RTx (3Gy), gave differetial responses in different patient-derived GSC cultures. Red = non-responsive to the proposed treatment; blue = responsive to the proposed treatment. 
Gene  Corr. Chrom. Locus Least sensitive Most sensitive FC (log). 
(A) The gene expression levels that were associated with the effect sizes of the several treatments with Obatoclax. The criteria were p-value of <0.05, a correlation coefficient of >0.5 or <-0.5. The gene expression intensity levels are displayed on log-2 scale. FC = fold change between the least and most sensitive patient-derived GSC cultures. 
(B) The functions and networks of the specific genes derived from the Ingenuity Pathway Analysis. 
Gene symbol Gene name Week 8 TPM   FC ?±? SD b P Value c FDR d. 
A List of 45 representative genes significantly down - regulated in week 8 topiramate group a. 
aGenes are selected from a total of 62 down-regulated genes with Bonferroni-corrected P Values?<?0.05 (i.e., 0.05/3698 genes?=?1.35?×?10?5). 
bFC, denoting fold change, is defined as the ratio of the expression values of Positive Responders over Negative Responders; SD, standard deviation. 
cP Value was calculated using the ordinary Student’s t test for each gene. 
dFDR, denoting false discovery rate, was estimated by the Benjamini-Hochberg (BH) method. 
Symbol Other Symbol Acyl Acceptor Acyl donor (Acyl-CoA) Notes Diseases in Human, Phenotype of Gene-Manipulated Animal. 
Summary of GPAT/AGPAT family enzymes. 
Symbol Tissue Distribution. 
Tissue distribution of GPAT/AGPAT family enzymes. 
EBV latency EBV gene transcription * Examples. 
Viral gene expression patterns in different Epstein–Barr virus (EBV) latency types. 
BART s, BamH1 A transcripts; EBER s, non-coding RNA; EBNA , EBV nuclear antigen; LMP , genes for latent membrane proteins. 
MN-DM+ MN-DM? UACC-1598 cells No. of cells No. of cells with MNs MN frequency (×10?2) No. of MN-DM+ MN-DM+/ MN (%) Frequency (×10?2) Fold change over control Frequency (×10?2) Fold change over control. 
Number of micronuclei (MN) in ERK1/2 inhibitor-treated UACC-1598 cells. 
MN-DM+ MN-DM? Colo320DM cells No. of cells No. of cells with MNs MN frequency (×10?2) No. of MN- DM+ MN-DM+ /MN (%) Frequency (×10?2) Fold change over control Frequency (×10?2) Fold change over control. 
Number of micronuclei (MN) in ERK1/2 inhibitor-treated Colo320DM cells. 
MN-DM+ UACC-1598DM cells No. of cells No. of cells with MNs MN frequency (×10?2) No. of MN-DM+ MN-DM+/ MN (%) Frequency (×10?2) Fold change over control. 
Number of micronuclei (MN) in ERK1/2 inhibitor-treated UACC-1598DM cells with ? -H2AX immunofluorescence. 
Ischemic Time Reperfusion Time % Vascular Relaxation Compared to Baseline. 
Effects of Ischemia and Reperfusion on Endothelium-Dependent Vasorelaxation (% Vascular Relaxation) of Isolated Coronary Arteries from Animal Models [ 25 – 27 ]. 
Modulator Effect Related to IR. 
Signaling Molecules Associated with Endothelial Cells and their Effects. 
Blood Element Endothelial Cell Surface Receptors/Activator. 
Endothelial Cell Surface Receptors and Activation of Leukocytes, Platelets, and Complement. 
Treatment Infarct Size Control Treatment Treatment + Wortmannin. 
Effect of Treatment (Atorvastatin or Insulin) ± Wortmannin on Infarct Size (Expressed as a Percent of Area at Risk) in Isolated Heart Preparations. 
Effectors of MPTP Opening Consequence. 
Putative Apoptotic Factors Released at MPTP Opening. 
NF1 patients without plexiform Neurofibroma NF1 patients with plexiform Neurofibroma NF1 patients with Cancer. 
Dermal NFAs ?=? number of skin neurofibromas; sAXL conc. ?=? the concentration of soluble AXL; yrs ?=? years. 
Rho-GTPase pathway Target molecule Name of compound Therapeutic status Model system/pathology References. 
List and status of SMIs of Rho-GTPases. 
The table summarizes the SMIs targeting Rho-GTPases discussed in this review, specifying the Rho-GTPase pathway and target molecule. The therapeutic status of the compound is indicated as either being used in vitro , in vivo , in clinical trials or as having been approved for clinical use. The model system or pathology in which the drug is being applied is given, along with pertinent references. 
Expression Response Biological Process Cellular Process Molecular Function PoP ACP PoP ACP PoP ACP Adults Nymphs Adults Nymphs Adults Nymphs Adults Nymphs Adults Nymphs Adults Nymphs. 
Overall impact of Candidatus Liberibacter-infection on potato and Asian citrus psyllid adult and nymph contigs assigned to the level one Gene Ontology categories. 
Nymph Fold Change * Adult Fold Change *. 
The differentially expressed contigs for Candidatus Liberibacter solanacearum-infected and uninfected potato psyllid nymphs and adults, based on a p -value cutoff of 1E-6. 
* Fold change value based on infected versus uninfected comparisons. 
Cluster ID Size Description perPCC. 
List of top two-taxon multicopy OrthoMCL groups found in the potato and Asian citrus psyllid transcriptomes, including group size, description (UniProt), and Pearson Correlation Coefficient values. 
Compound Co-treatment Phase Status Tumor type Identifier. 
Clinical trials involving GSIs and relevant for brain tumor therapy . 
Bold : explicitly, brain tumors have been mentioned in these studies . 
Compound Target Phase Status Tumor type Identifier. 
Clinical trials involving Notch signaling-specific antibodies and relevant for brain tumor therapy . 
Guideline Organization Test American Cancer Society- Multi-society Task Force- American College of Radiology [ 32 ] United States Preventive Services Task Force [ 33 ] American College of Gastroenterology [ 34 ]. 
Curcumin Concentration Cancer Cell Line Assessed Parameter Outcome Measures Reference. 
Pleiotropic mechanisms of curcumin action in epithelial ovarian cancer cell/xenograft models. ? (high expression), ? (low expression). 
MMP-9: Matrix metalloproteinase 9; CDD44: Cell surface antigen 44; Bcl-2: B-cell lymphoma 2, regulator protein; BclxL: B-cell lymphoma-extra large antiapoptotic protein; p53: Tumor protein; Bax: Apoptosis regulator protein; MDM2: Mouse double minute 2 homolog, proto-oncogene; AMPK: 5' AMP-activated protein kinase; p38: p38 MAPK mitogen-activated protein kinases; ROS: Reactive oxygen species; AQP-3: Aquaporin water channel 3; IL-6,-8: Interleukin-6,-8; STAT-3: Signal transducer and activator of transcription protein 3; p-JAK-1/JAK-2: Phosphorylated janus kinase 1, 2; PIAS-3: Protein inhibitor of activated STAT-3; SOCS-3: Suppressors of cytokine signaling protein 3; PARP-1: Poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase 1; PI3K: Phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase; miR-9 : microRNA gene; Akt: Serine/threonine-specific protein kinase; FOXO1: Forkhead box protein O1, transcription factor; LPA: Lysophosphatidic acid. 
Cancer Inclusion Criteria Intervention Outcome Measures Phase Clinical Trial Number. 
Summary of clinical trials scheduled for curcumin assessment as an element of anticancer strategies (according to ClinicalTrials.gov.). 
ID Company Status Mechanism In vivo Test References. 
Summary of compounds activating p53 or reactivating mutant p53 discussed in the essay. 
Macromolecular Crowders Molecular Mass (kDa) Hydrodynamic Radius (Å) Effective Concentration a Fractional vol. Occupancy ? b. 
Hydrodynamic radii and related parameters of some crowding agents. 
a The most effective concentrations were determined empirically in terms of accelerated collagen deposition [ 23 ]; b Fractional volume occupancy was calculated for some crowding agents based on their hydrodynamic radii and effective concentrations [ 23 ]; c Data are taken from [ 32 ]; d Data for PEGs of different molecular mass are calculated from their molecular masses using a known scaling law [ 33 ]: R H = 0.145 × M W0.571 ± 0.009 Å. Note that PEGs in aqueous solutions are characterized by the ratio ? = R g/ R H = 1.73, which is greater than the value estimated a Gaussian chain (? = 1.5) but is in a good agreement with theoretical predictions for swollen coils (? = 1.86) [ 33 ]; e Data are taken from [ 23 ]; f Calculated based on the empirical formula reported in [ 34 ]; g Data are taken from [ 34 ]; h Data for PEG 20000 are taken from [ 35 ]. 
Organism Taxonomic Classification Gene Human Similarity. 
Orthologs of the human TXNDC5 gene. 
The percentage of similarity is shown followed by either ( n ) when the comparison was established using nucleic acid or ( a ) amino acid sequences, respectively. 
Transcription Factor Biology Process Tissue Expression. 
Transcription factors found to control TXNDC5 gene expression [ 19 , 20 ]. 
Modification Modified Amino Acids Prediction Server References. 
Posttranslational modifications of TXNDC5 and participant amino acids. 
* NetNGlyc reports no results, so there are no probable glycosylation sites in the N -terminal region of TXNDC5. Neither DictyOGlyc nor NetOGlyc report any glycosylation site in the N -terminal region; ** NetAct found no Ala, Gly, Ser or Thr to be susceptible to acetylation; *** No results were found using NetCGlyc. Mannosylation is uncommon in mammal proteins, and mainly affects SNC (notwithstanding brain) and skeletal muscle, tissues in which TXNDC5 is not synthesized. All predictions were made using bio-informatics tools that checked homology of TXNDC5 protein domains with experimental databases for the PTMs. The sequence used to predict the PTMs of TXNDC5 was the canonical sequence of isoform 1. 
Biological Process Proteins. 
Protein interactions of TXNDC5 and cell processes involved. 
These interactions have been discovered by co-sedimentation, coimmunoprecipitation, enzymatic studies and yeast-two hybrid system [ 8 , 12 , 49 , 50 , 51 , 52 , 53 ]. 
Type of Agents Compounds. 
Interactions of TXNDC5 with different chemical compounds. 
Interactions among TXNDC5 and different organic and inorganic compounds, such as drugs and metabolites. All of them were experimentally discovered by different research groups [ 18 , 54 , 55 , 56 ]. 
Acc. no a Protein name Gene name FD b PP/GP Unadjusted P-value c Adjusted P-value d Corr. e mRNA FD f PP/GP. 
Summary of SRM measurements from 33 AJCC stage III melanoma samples. 
Accession numbers of proteins were from the Swiss-Prot database. 
Positive fold difference represents higher levels in poor prognosis subjects, and negative fold difference represents higher levels in good prognosis subjects. 
Unadjusted P-values. 
False discovery rate is calculated using the function p.adjust in the Limma package based on Benjamini & Hochberg ( Benjamini and Hochberg, 1995 ). 
Pearson correlation of SRM values with those of iTRAQ 2DLC-MS/MS. 
mRNA gene expression level was obtained using the corresponding data set (see ( Mann et al., 2013 ) for full description of expression data). 
GP, good prognosis; PP, poor prognosis. 
Rho GTPase Genetic modification Analysis Cortical phenotype(s) References. 
Regulation of cortical projection neuron development by Rho GTPases ( in vivo studies) . 
VZ: ventricular zone, SVZ: subventricular zone, IZ: intermediate zone, CP: cortical plate, INM: interkinetic nuclear migration, CA: constitutively active, DN: dominant-negative . 
Genetic modification Analysis Cortical phenotype(s) References. 
Regulation of cortical projection neuron development by GAPs and GEFs ( in vivo studies) . 
Target Prevalence (%) Therapeutic agents. 
Current molecular targets in adenocarcinoma. 
ALK, anaplastic lymphoma kinase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; FGFR1, fibroblast growth factor receptor 1; PD-L1, interaction of programmed death ligand 1; PIK3CA, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, catalytic subunit alpha. 
Drug Target Structure Phase Indication Reference. 
Summary of compounds that target LPA signaling. The name, target, structure and development stage for each LPA signaling antagonist discussed in the article are outlined, along with their therapeutic. 
Classical functions REFs. 
PTN functions . 
PTN, Pleiotrophin; CNS, Central nervous system . 
Spot no. gi no. Symbol Protein description Peptide sequence Mascot score *. 
Differentially expressed (>3-fold) proteins identified by ESI-MS/MS. 
*MASCOT score is -10 log ( P ), where P is the probability that the observed match is a random event. Individual scores >30 indicate identity or extensive homology ( P <?0.05). 
p53 Gene Chromatin State at Occupied p53RE Location Chromatin State at TSS H3K4me3 Present at p53RE CTCF Present PWM Mouse-Human % Identity Fold- Change Gene Expression. 
* Two large p53 binding peaks, listed relative to size. 
KEGG Pathway Name Number of MIBC features Bonferroni corrected p-value Overlapping protein-coding genes. 
Pathway terms, total number of MIBC features associated with the term, Bonferroni corrected p-value and specific gene symbols found overlapping amongst the 4 pathway terms. 
KEGG Pathway Name Number of features Bonferroni corrected p-value Overlapping protein-coding genes. 
Pathway terms, number of molecules associated with the term, Bonferroni corrected p-value and specific gene symbols found overlapping amongst the 7 pathway terms. 
Characteristics Description. 
Summary of the Marfan syndrome (MFS). 
OMIM: Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man; FBN1: Fibrillin 1 ; TGF?: Tumor growth factor beta; XOD: Xanthine oxidase;. 
NOS: Nitric oxidase synthetase; SOD: Superoxide dismutase; MDA: Multiple displacement amplification. 
Disease Cell type Number of regressor probe sets Number of unique HGNC IDS Mouse HGNC homologs with expression > 100     Primary culture expression (Cahoy et al., 2008 ) TRAP expression (Doyle et al., 2008 ). 
Supporting evidence for gene expression in specific cell types from publically available datasets . 
PSEA assignments of gene expression in neurons, astrocytes and oligodendrocytes were verified using two independent, publically available mouse expression datasets (Cahoy et al., 2008 ; Doyle et al., 2008 ). For procedures, see Materials and Methods, Section Validation of PSEA assignment using cell specific expression data . 
Gene symbol PSEA analysis this study Simunovic et al., 2010 Elstner et al., 2011 Zheng et al., 2010  p -value Log fold change p -value Log fold change p -value Log fold change p -value Log fold change. 
Validation of PSEA determined DE in neurons in substantia nigra in PD by comparision with three independent LMD studies . 
Eight genes were identified as DE by PSEA and those that were also significantly DE in at least one independent study are included in the table. Fold changes and p-values obtained were from the published manuscript where possible (Simunovic et al., 2010 ; Elstner et al., 2011 ) or generated from re analysis of raw data (Zheng et al., 2010 ) . 
David functional annotation clustering with differentially expressed genes in the motor cortex of HD brains (revealed by PSEA) . 
Rab Known physiological role Implication in cancer References. 
A summary of studies implicating Rabs in cancer. 
Clinicopathological characteristics Mean survival time, months 95% CI, months P value a. 
Kaplan-Meier analysis for OS rate of patients with MB. 
aLog rank test. 
bWe did not carry out statistical analysis for the large cell/anaplastic variant and medullomyoblastoma because there were insufficient numbers of cases. 
Variable Hazard ratio 95% confidence interval P value. 
Cox regression model for multivariate analyses of prognostic factor in MBs. 
Factors stimulating release of ET-1 Factors inhibiting release of ET-1. 
Factors, which stimulate and inhibit release of ET-1. 
a Duan et al. ( 2008 ), b Hukovic and Hadziselimovic ( 1998 ), c Hynynen and Khalil ( 2006 ), d Maemura et al. ( 1992 ), e Motte et al. ( 2006 ), f Shao et al. ( 2011 ), g Sugiura et al. ( 1989 ), h Yamashita et al. ( 1993 ), i Yanagisawa et al. ( 1988 ), j Yoshizumi et al. ( 1989 ). 
Blocker Selectivity Effect References. 
The effects of endothelin receptor blockers on various pathophysiological mechanisms in sepsis—summary. 
Changes in body weights (g) at baseline, day 15 and day 60 for control, diabetic and diabetic treated groups of rats. 
Changes in random blood glucose level (mg/dl) at baseline, day 15 and day 60 for control, diabetic and diabetic treated groups of rats. 
Changes in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) % at baseline, day 15, day 60 for control, diabetic and diabetic treated groups of rats. 
Changes in blood urea (mg/dl) at baseline, 15 days and 60 days control, diabetic and diabetic treated groups of rats. 
Effect of drugs on cataract and scoring of renal tubulointerstial lesions in STZ treated animals. 
Vascular cell type Type of immune-mediated cell death or phenotypic alteration Consequence. 
Immunological effects on vascular cells and their consequences to arterial structure and function in TA . 
Pancreatic Breast. 
Complexes generated under pancreatic (normal-PDAC) and breast (BRCA1-BRCA2) conditions. 
The matched complexes   M are generated by matching complexes between conditions using t J = 0.67(= 2 / 3) and ? = 0.10 (see Methods). 
Category Pancreatic Breast. 
Top enriched terms in KEGG pathways and Biological Process in disrupted complexes in pancreatic (normal vs PDAC) and breast (BRCA1 vs BRCA2) tumours (using DAVID [ 32 ]). 
? 700 genes tested in pancreatic and ? 550 genes tested in breast. 
Complex type Subset Pancreatic Breast. 
Changes in co-expression of complexes in pancreatic (normal-PDAC) and breast (BRCA1-BRCA2) conditions. 
(The co-expression values are Fisher-transformed). 
• ? C represents the (absolute) change in co-expression of complexes between conditions, that is, increase or decrease in co-expression of complexes from normal to PDAC or BRCA1 to BRCA2 tumours. 
• M ? - complexes with co-expression for normal > PDAC tumour or BRCA1 > BRCA2 tumour. M ? - complexes with co-expression for PDAC tumour > normal or BRCA2 > BRCA1 tumour. 
Complex type Pancreatic Breast. 
Relationship between changes in co-expression of complexes (? C ) and changes in transcriptional regulation by TFs (?? R ). 
All coefficient values are positive, and Spearman coefficients were higher than Pearson, indicating a non-linear relationship between ? C and ?? R . 
Pancreatic Breast. 
Influential TFs identified in pancreatic (normal vs PDAC) and breast (BRCA1 vs BRCA2) tumours. 
TFs are ranked based on their overall influence ( |?&pipe; ) for normal vs PDAC and BRCA1 vs BRCA2 tumours. The normalized- ? values are obtained by dividing the ? values by the maximum |?&pipe; . The significance ( p value) was computed against 10000 background influence values, each generated from 10000 random shuffles of gene symbols in the expression dataset. The adjusted p -values for differential expression (DE) analysis - whether up- ( ? ) or down- ( ? ) regulated from normal to PDAC and from BRCA1 to BRCA2 tumours - were computed using limma [ 54 ]. 
NS: Not significant at p < 0.05. #Genes tested in each case: ? 20700. 
TP TN FN FP Precision Recall F1. 
TC subtype classification performance on the SC_GOLD corpus. 
FTC* is the result after adjusting the results by considering WDTC. The micro-average calculation uses FTC*. 
PTC ATC FTC MTC XTC* TOTAL. 
Number of articles for each subtype in the TC_TEXT corpus. 
XTC*: represents articles that contain more than one subtype labels. 
Incidence§ data source: PTC, FTC, ATC [ 2 ], MTC [ 39 ]. 
Gene Freq . Related to TC? PMID Gene Freq . Related to TC? PMID. 
Results of TC-relevance for 50 sampled text-mined genes not in Gene2PubMed. 
The PMID column shows an example of document that reports evidence that a given gene is linked to TC, or N/A if we were not able to find support for the relationship. 
PTC ATC FTC MTC TOTAL. 
Number of genes extracted for each TC subtype. 
%Unique represents the percentage of (unique) genes that appear only with a given subtype (compared to the total number of genes appearing with that subtype). So, 38.7% of genes related to PTC are unique to PTC i.e. appear only with PTC and not with other subtypes. 
PTC ATC FTC MTC. 
Top 20 genes for the four thyroid cancer subtypes as extracted from the literature. 
PTC ATC FTC MTC. 
Text-mined genes compared with the TCGDB database. 
The first row represents the total numbers of genes in TCGDB associated to a given subtype. The second row represents the number of genes missed by text mining. The final row is the coverage: (#TCGDB-#TM Missed) / #TCGDB. 
Top PTC ATC FTC MTC    Pathway Evidence Pathway Evidence Pathway Evidence Pathway Evidence. 
Top 20 pathways for the four thyroid cancer subtypes as extracted from the literature. 
"Evidence" column presents one example PMID that reports a given relationship (N/A: Not Applicable if there is no evidence). 
Pathway Related to TC? Evidence PMIDs      PTC ATC FTC MTC. 
Reviewed TC related pathways and text-mined evidence for each subtype. 
Cancer type Reference. 
Different cancer types where GRP78 has been reported to play a role in proliferation, invasiveness, and/or chemoresistance along with representative references are listed . 
Genetic alteration Mutation Frequency Localization Histology Prognosis Imatinib resp. Syndromes Remarks. 
Integration between clinicopathologic and molecular criteria in the classification of GISTs . 
Pathology Strain Treatment Region and (method) Prostaglandin Basal levels Pathological levels References. 
In vivo levels of J2 prostaglandins . 
Disease PGD2/PGJ2 pathway Effects/Findings References. 
J2 postaglandins and neurodegenerative disorders . 
Target Drugs Effects References. 
Potential J2 prostaglandin therapeutic targets . 
IGF-1 signaling pathway Targeting microRNA Disease Model Species Reference. 
Insulin-like growth factor-1 signaling pathway-targeting miRNAs. 
Targeting antigen Targeting moiety antibody Nano-platform Drug Ref. 
An overview of targeted nanodevices for drug delivery in head and neck cancer management. 
Abbreviations: HFT, heparin-folic acid-paclitaxel; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; EGF, epidermal growth factor receptor; HER-2, human epidermal-growth-factor receptor 2; SWNTs, single-walled carbon nanotubes; Mcl1, myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1; SAHA, suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid; iNOS, inducible NO synthase. 
Targeting antigen Nanoparticles Radiosensitization Ref. 
An outline of targeted nanodevices as radiosensitizers in head and neck cancer therapy. 
Abbreviations: NPs, nanoparticles; FR, folate receptor; Dtxl, docetaxel; EGFR, Epidermal growth factor receptor; PLGA, poly lactic-co-glycolic acid; Cet, Cetuximab; PTX, paclitaxel; ATM, ataxia-telangiectasia-mutated; MnSOD, manganese superoxide dismutase; SphK1, sphingoid base Sphingosine K1. 
Study (year) Stage Patients (n) Dose (cGy) Survival rates Preop. Cyst. Preop. Cyst. 
Randomized trials comparing preoperative radiotherapy with cystectomy alone. Adapted from Zaghloul [37] . 
Cyst: Cystectomy, Preop: preoperative radiotherapy. 
3-Year overall survival. 
2-Year overall survival. 
Study year Patients ( n ) Tumor type Radiation dose (cGy) DFS Local control Distant metastasis. 
Nonrandomized postoperative radiotherapy studies for bladder cancer. Adapted from Zaghloul [37] . 
DFS: Disease-free survival; NM: Not mentioned; SCC: Squamous cell carcinoma; TCC: Transitional cell carcinoma. 
No. of patients Evaluable CR PR (CR + PR) (%). 
Response rates of different combination chemotherapy regimens used for management of advanced schistosomal bladder cancer. 
Cytokines Role References. 
The major cytokines and chemokines and their roles in non-IBC and IBC. 
Analyte hPSC vs. MRC5 relative expression p Analyte hPSC vs. MRC5 relative expression p Analyte hPSC vs. MRC5 relative expression p. 
Supernatants were collected from hPSC and MRC5 monocultures and the levels of cytokines were measured using Multiplex suspension array. The relative expression of each factor was calculated by relating the average concentration in hPSC supernatants to that of MRC5 supernatant after culturing for 24 hr ( n = 4). Factors highlighted in bold were significantly increased in supernatants from hPSC compared to those from MRC5. p, p-value; NA, ratio was not applicable (see Suppl. Table 1 ). t-test followed by Bonferroni's post-test: *, p < 0.05; **, p < 0.001; ns, not significant. 
Variables Patient No. Low Id1 (n)  High Id1 (n)  P value *. 
P value was calculated by Student's t -test. 
Values were expressed as mean ± SEM. 
Variables Item Univariate Multivariable * Hazard Rate Ratio 95% Confidence Interval P value Hazard Rate Ratio 95% Confidence Iinterval P value. 
Variables with p <0.1 were included in the multivariable analysis. 
T, N statuses were based on the AJCC-TNM staging system [ 23 ]. 
Variables Item Univariate Multivariable * Hazard Rate Ratio 95% Confidence Iinterval P value Hazard Rate Ratio 95% Confidence Interval P value. 
Variables with p <0.1 were included in multivariable analysis. 
T, N statuses were based on the AJCC-TNM staging system [ 23 ]. 
Clinicopathological features GPx3 expression level (n) Number Down regulated Non-down regulated P. 
The total number less than 113 due to missing data. 
Significant difference. 
Clinicopathological features Plasma GPx3 level (n) P Number Low level b High level b. 
The total number less than 107 due to missing data. 
The cutoff point with maximized Youden index was 4.842?g/mL by which all the patients were segregated into two groups. 
Significant difference. 
Variables No. (n=132) Lon protein expression p value  Low(n=69) High(n=63) . 
The ?2 test was used to analyze the relationship between Lon expression and clinicopathological characteristics. Statistical significance was set at p<0.05. 
Variables Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis  RR b 95% p value RR b 95% p value. 
Cox's proportional hazards model was used to identify the factors that had a significant influence on survival. Statistical significance was set at p<0.05. 
RR, relative risk;. 
PDB ID Protein target Gene symbol Molecular and biological function Docking score Z’-score. 
Predicted protein targets of PLB. 
Abbreviations: 4E-BP1, 4E binding protein 1; 5?-DHT, 5?-dihydrotestosterone; ADH, alcohol dehydrogenase; AKR, aldo-keto reductase; Akt1, v-Akt murine thymoma viral oncogene homolog 1; ALDH, aldehyde dehydrogenase; APLF, aprataxin and PNKP-like factor; ARHGEF2, Rho/Rac guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) 2; AP-1, activating protein-1; ATF2, activating transcription factor 2; AURKA, aurora kinase A; BORA, aurora kinase A activator; BRCA1, BRCA1/BRCA2-containing complex, subunit 1; CBX5, chromobox homolog 5; CCL5, chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 5; CDC42, cell division cycle 42; CDK2, cyclin-dependent kinase 2; CHFR, checkpoint with forkhead and RING finger domains; CRK, v-Crk avian sarcoma virus CT10 oncogene homolog; CRKL, v-Crk avian sarcoma virus CT10 oncogene homolog-like; DHEA, dehydroepiandrosterone; DMP1, dentin matrix acidic phosphoprotein 1; DOK1, docking protein 1; EIF4EBP1, eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E binding protein 1; ELK1, ETS domain-containing protein Elk-1; eNOS, endothelial nitric oxide synthase; EPOR, erythropoietin receptor; ERE, estrogen response element; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; ESR, estrogen receptor; GLUT4, glucose transporter type 4; GR, glucocorticoid receptor; HSD, hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase; HSP, heat shock protein; ICAM, intercellular adhesion molecule; ID, identification; IFITM1, interferon-induced transmembrane protein 1; IFIH1, interferon-induced helicase C domain 1; IRF, interferon regulatory factor; RPS6KB1, ribosomal protein S6 kinase, polypeptide 1; JUN, Jun proto-oncogene; KIF2A, kinesin heavy-chain member 2A; LAMP3, lysosomal-associated membrane protein 3; MYB, v-myb avian myeloblastosis viral oncogene homolog; MLL5, mixed lineage leukemia 5; MRPP, mitochondrial ribonuclease P; mTOR , mammalian target of rapamycin; MUC1, mucin 1; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; NDEL1, nudE neurodevelopment protein 1-like 1; OAS, 2?-5?-oligoadenylate synthetase; PAK, p21 protein (Cdc42/Rac)-activated kinase; PARD3, par-3 family cell polarity regulator; PDB, Protein Data Bank; PGH2, prostaglandin H2; PLB, plumbagin; PLK1, polo-like kinase 1; PQ, phenanthrenequinone; SLC4A4, solute carrier family 4, member 4; SNAI1, snail family zinc finger 1; SPZ1, spermatogenic leucine zipper 1; STAT1, signal transducer and activator of transcription 1; TBC1D4, TBC1 domain family, member 4; TFF1, trefoil factor 1; TNFR, tumor necrosis factor receptor; TPA, tissue plasminogen activator; TPMT, thiopurine S -methyltransferase; TSC2, tuberous sclerosis 2; UDP, uridine diphosphate; UV, ultraviolet; YARS, tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase. 
Target protein PDB ID CDOCKER interaction energy (CIE kcal/mol) H-bond number Residues involved in H-bond formation Charge interactions Residues involved in charge interactions ?-? stacking Residues involved in ?-? stacking. 
Molecular interactions of PLB with selected potential target proteins. 
Abbreviations: ABL1, c-abl oncogene 1; ACPP, prostate acid phosphatase; ADH, alcohol dehydrogenase; AKR, aldo–keto reductase; Akt, v-Akt murine thymoma viral oncogene homolog; ALDH, aldehyde dehydrogenase; AR, androgen receptor; ASS, argininosuccinate synthase; AURKA, aurora kinase A; BCAT, mitochondrial branched-chain amino-acid transaminase; BMP, bone morphogenetic protein; BRAF, v-Raf murine sarcoma viral oncogene homolog B; CA, carbonic anhydrase; CDKN, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor; CLK, CDC-like kinase; CRABP, cellular retinoic acid binding protein; ESR, estrogen receptor; ID, identification; PDB, Protein Data Bank; PLB, plumbagin. 
Category Term Count Fold enrichment P -value FDR. 
The top enriched clusters (Enrich score >3) by the DAVID database for the target list of PLB derived from molecular docking calculations. 
Notes: Clusters were sorted by the enrichment score. Only the top three terms in each cluster were listed. 
Abbreviations: FDR, false discovery rate; NAD, nicotineamide adenine dinucleotide; NADP, nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate; PLB, plumbagin. 
Pathway Gene count Fold enrichment P -value FDR. 
The top enriched KEGG pathways (FDR <0.1) by the DAVID database for the target list of PLB derived from molecular docking calculations. 
Note: Clusters were sorted by the enrichment fold. 
Abbreviations: FDR, false discovery rate; KEGG, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes; PLB, plumbagin. 
Ingenuity canonical pathways log P Protein molecules. 
Potential molecular targets, signaling pathways, and cellular functions regulated by PLB in PC-3 cells. 
Abbreviations: Akt, protein kinase B; ALDH, aldehyde dehydrogenase; AMPK, AMP-activated protein kinase; Arp–WASP, actin-related protein/Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome protein; ATM, ataxia telangiectasia-mutated; BMP, bone morphogenetic protein; cAMP, cyclic adenosine monophosphate; CCR, C-C chemokine receptor; CDC, cell division cycle; CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; CHK, C-terminal Src kinase-homologous kinase; CTLA4, cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4; CXCR4, C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4; CREB, cAMP response element-binding protein; DARPP, dopamine- and cAMP-regulated phosphoprotein; dTMP, thymidine monophosphate; EGF, epidermal growth factor; EIF, eukaryotic initiation factor; eNOS, endothelial nitric oxide synthase; FAK, focal adhesion kinase; fMLP, N -formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine; GABA, ?-aminobutyric acid; Gadd45, growth arrest DNA damage 45; GAS, interferon-? activated sequence; GDNF, glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor; GM-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; GnRH, gonadotropin-releasing hormone; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor; HIF, hypoxia-inducible factor; HMGB1, high mobility group protein B1; HSP, heat shock protein; IGF, insulin-like growth factor; IL, interleukin; ILK, integrin-linked kinase; iNOS, inducible nitric oxide synthase; LPS, lipopolysaccharide; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; MIF, migration inhibitory factor; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; NADPH, nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate; NAMPT, nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase; NFAT, nuclear factor of activated T-cell; NF-?B, nuclear factor-?B; nNOS, neuronal nitric oxide synthase; NQO1, NADPH: quinone oxidoreductase 1; Nrf2, Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 and Cullin 3; P2Y, purinergic G protein-coupled receptor; PAK, p21-activated kinase; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; PLB, plumbagin; PPAR, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin-like protein; PXR, pregnane X receptor; RAR, retinoic acid receptor; RhoA, Ras homolog gene family, member A; RhoGDI, Rho GDP-dissociation inhibitor; RPS, ribosomal protein S; RXR, retinoid X receptor; S6K, S6 kinase; SOD, superoxide dismutase; THOP1, thimet oligopeptidase 1; TNFR, tumor necrosis factor receptor; TOB, transducer of ErbB2; UDP, uridine diphosphate; UVA, ultraviolet A; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Ingenuity canonical pathways LogP Protein molecules. 
Potential molecular targets, signaling pathways, and cellular functions regulated by PLB in DU145 cells. 
Abbreviations: Akt, protein kinase B; ALDOA, fructose-bisphosphate aldolase A; AMPK, AMP-activated protein kinase; cAMP, cyclic adenosine monophosphate; CALML, calmodulin-like protein; CCR, C-C chemokine receptor; CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; CREB, cAMP response element-binding protein; CTLA4, cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4; G6PD, glucose-6-phosphate 1-dehydrogenase; EIF, eukaryotic initiation factor; FASN, fatty acid synthase; fMLP, N -formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine; FXR, farnesoid X receptor; HIF, hypoxia-inducible factor; HSP, heat shock protein; ICOS, inducible co-stimulator; ICOSL, ICOS ligand; IL, interleukin; ILK, integrin-linked kinase; iNOS, inducible nitric oxide synthase; LXR, liver X receptor; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; MIF, migration inhibitory factor; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; NFAT, nuclear factor of activated T-cell; nNOS, neuronal nitric oxide synthase; Nrf2, Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 and Cullin 3; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; PLB, plumbagin; PLCD, 1-phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate phosphodiesterase-?1; PPAR, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor; RANK, receptor activator of nuclear factor-?B; RhoA, Ras homolog gene family, member A; RhoGDI, Rho GDP-dissociation inhibitor; RPS, ribosomal protein S; RXR, retinoid X receptor; SOD, superoxide dismutase; TR, thyroid hormone receptor; UVA, ultraviolet A. 
Ingenuity canonical pathways P -value Ratio (H/L). 
Top five canonical pathways regulated by PLB in PC-3 cells. 
Abbreviations: EIF, eukaryotic initiation factor; H, medium supplemented with stable isotope-labeled L-arginine and L-lysine; L, medium supplemented with normal L-arginine and L-lysine; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PLB, plumbagin. 
Ingenuity canonical pathways P -value Ratio (H/L). 
Top five canonical pathways regulated by PLB in DU145 cells. 
Abbreviations: EIF, eukaryotic initiation factor; H, medium supplemented with stable isotope-labeled L-arginine and L-lysine; L, medium supplemented with normal L-arginine and L-lysine; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PLB, plumbagin; PPAR, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor; RXR, retinoid X receptor. 
Names Method of production of cell lines Cell type Prnp ?/? mouse origin Culture medium Main characterization compared to PrP expressing cells References. 
Prnp ?/? cell lines and their characteristics . 
DMEM, Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium . 
MCA, Methylcholanthrene, which is a highly carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon produced by burning organic compounds at very high temperatures . 
NB/B27 medium, neurobasal medium (NB) (Gibco BRL, Gaithersburg, MD, USA) supplemented with B27 supplement (B27) (Gibco) and glutamine . 
Updated from Table 3 in Sakudo et al. ( 2006 ) with permission from Bentham Science Publishers, Ltd . 
Names Main characterization compared to PrP expressing cells References. 
Abnormality of PrP gene-deficient cell lines . 
PI3, phosphatidylinositol 3 . 
SIN-1, 3-morpholinosydnonimine . 
SOD, superoxide dismutase . 
Updated from Table 4 in Sakudo et al. ( 2006 ) with permission from Bentham Science Publishers, Ltd . 
HGF/SF FTS HGF/SF + FTS. 
Gene Accession numbers Forward Primer Reverse Primer Length (bp). 
Abbreviation: Kv, voltage-gated K+ channel; GAPDH, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. 
Gene Accession numbers Forward Primer Reverse Primer Length (bp). 
Abbreviation: Kv, voltage-gated K+ channel; GAPDH, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. 
Parameter Control (n?=?6) Control?+?Losartan (n?=?3) Succinate (n?=?8) Suc?+?Losartan (n?=?5). 
Echocardiographic parameters. 
*p?<?0.05 versus control. 
&p?<?0.05 versus succinate. 
#p?<?0.01 versus control. 
Parameter Control (n?=?3) Succinate (n?=?3) GPR91 ?/? (n?=?4) GPR91 ?/? ? +?suc (n =3). 
Echocardiographic parameters. 
Echocardiographic measurements of cardiac parameters in mice following succinate intravenous injection for 5 days. 
*?<?0.05 versus control. 
&p?<?0.05 versus GPR91 ?/?. 
#p?<?0.01 versus control. 
##p?<?0.01 versus GPR91 ?/?. 
Study characteristics. 
Patients characteristics and serum levels of succinate post- hepatic transplantation. 
*The results are expressed as mean?±?S.E.M. 
ID Sex Age and Hematological Features at Diagnosis HSCT Last fo low-up   Age (years) WBC (×109/L) % blasts PB/BM Platelets (×109/L) Spleen Size a Karyotype Age (years) MC / CC Alive/Dead Age (years). 
Hematological Features at Diagnosis, Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation and Current Status in 21 Children with homozygous CBL Mutations in JMML Cells. 
ID, patient identification. M, male. F, female. WBC, white blood count. PB, peripheral blood. BM, bone marrow. HSCT, -hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. A, alive. D, dead. MC, mixed chimerism. CC, complete chimerism. NA, not analyzed. 
in cm below costal margin in left midclavicular line. 
b All patients had received a myeloablative preparative regimen prior to HSCT. One patient with MC died of progressive disease (UPN 1333), the other deaths were due to transplant related toxicities. 
patient converted back to CC after donor lymphocyte infusion. 
patient converted back to CC without therapy. 
ID CBL Mutation Café au lait spots m JXG Cryptorchism Growth < 3rd percentile Dev. delay Hearing loss Optic atrophy Hypertension n Cardiomyopathy Mutation Germ Mo Fa. 
CBL Mutation and Non-Hematological features in 21 Children with JMML. 
ID, patient identification, Germ, germline. Mo, mother. Fa, Father. NA, not analyzed. JXG, juvenile xanthogranuloma. Dev., developmental. 
autoimmune thyreoditis with anti-thyreoglobulin antibodies; echocardiography with mitral insufficiency grade II, myocardial hypertrophy, hypoelastic and hypoplastic ascending aorta and arch of aorta. 
Diagnosis of intracranial germinoma at age 9 years with homozygous CBL mutation in the brain tumor. 
Diagnosed with Takayasu arteritis, type III, died 9 months after diagnosis of vasculitis and stenting of major arteries. 
Father with history of Hodgkin lymphoma. 
Sudden death at home. 
Died of cerebral hypoxia, also had a history of supraventricular tachycardia. 
Prior to HSCT, was diagnosed with erythroderma, post-HSCT: toxic epidermal necolysis, acute liver failure, liver Tx, subtotal brain infarction, apallic syndrome. 
Pectus excavatum. 
Older sister with heterozygous mutation. 
Patients indicated by + have 1-2 café au lait spots, there was no patient with 6 or more café au lait spots. 
Measurements of blood pressure following HSCT were excluded from analysis. 
Kinase CCT196969 (?M ) CCT241161 (?M). 
IC50 Values of CCT196969 and CCT241161. 
Inhibitor Target Stage Cancer type. 
Epigenetic inhibitors and their targets. 
GlaB/GST-Gli1ZF GlaB/GST-Gli1ZF K340A GlaB/GST-Gli1ZF K340A/K350A GlaB/GST Proton RING Rf(s?1) ?R/Rf ?R/Rf ?R/Rf ?R/Rf. 
Monoselective relaxation rates (Rms, s?1) of selected protons of GlaB (0.412 mM, 600 MHz, DMSO-d6, 25°C) and corresponding values of normalized relaxation rates (?R/Rf, where ?R = Rms-Rf) in different mixtures. 
Relaxation rate of 4-OMe protons was not determined because its signal was partially superimposed to that of the water. 
Relaxation rate of proton H-12 was not measured because of the large linewidth. 
LncRNAs Function in Aging Traits Comments Refs. 
The table lists potential age-associated lncRNAs (column 1), the cellular and molecular processes they regulate (column 2), and specifics of their expression and/or function (column 3). AD, Alzheimer's disease; cdki, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor; CVD, cardiovascular disease; GR, glucocorticoid receptor; PD, Parkinson's disease; TF, transcription factor. 
Clinico-pathological variables Cases SIRT1+, N (%) P -value DBC1+, N (%) P -value H4K16Ac+, N (%) P -value. 
Correlation between high expression of SIRT1, DBC1 and H4K16Ac, and clinico-pathological variables. 
P -values <0.05 indicate statistical significance. 
Reciprocal correlation among SIRT1, DBC1, H4K16Ac, H3K9Ac, and p53. 
Factors Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis   RR (95% CI) P -value RR (95% CI) P -value. 
Univariate and multivariate cox regression analyses for cancer-specific survival endpoints in the overall study population in SIRT1, DBC1, H4K16 Ac, H3K9 Ac, and p53. 
CI, Confidence interval; RR, Relative risk. 
P -values <0.05 indicate statistical significance. 
polarity not disrupted polarity disrupted. 
Quantification of the frequency of polarity phenotypes in control FSC clones, Egfr f24 FSC clones, and Egfr f24 prefollicle cell clones. 
DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.04437.011. 
Values reflect both the percent and fraction of each clone type in which polarity is disrupted or not disrupted as indicated. 
Step Logic Program Input Output Reference files. 
Somatic mutations of driver genes are called after i) cohort selection, ii) mapping of human genome and patient specific somatic references, iii) assessment of recurrence, evolutionary conversation, and iv) basal mutation rate based on frequency of mutations of introns vs exons. This first set of filters i)-iv) is necessary and sufficient to identify statistically significant enriched somatic mutations of driver genes in any dataset with high mutational burden. In a genome-wide sequencing experiment with a goal to find cancer drivers, an additional level of filters v)-viii) is advantageous. Relevance of mutations is assessed by v) nucleotide signature, vi) structure activity relationship, vii) pathway enrichment and mutual exclusivity to known cancer drivers, as well as viii) recurrence in other cancer tissues. 
Fully resected Stage 4. 
Patient demographic and disease-specific details. 
Primary tumor not resected for two patients in Stage 4 group. 
All Stage 4 patients had >1 site of metastatic disease. 
Other: 1 patient with brain metastases and retroperitoneal metastases, 1 patient with spleen metastases. 
Mutant a Defective b Amplified b. 
Gene targets identified in regulator mutants. 
Mutant and number of replicates in parentheses. 
Number of genes with smaller (defective) or larger (amplified) expression changes compared to the wild-type strain. Note, this table includes non-coding RNAs that were excluded from the inference. The table lists the number of targets identified from the originally interrogated ‘source’ regulators and validation mutants. 
cdc14-3 was compared to its isogenic and identically treated wild-type. 
Modification Identifier Analogue a Epac2 ?280 Epac2 fl Epac1 AC 50/?M Rel. k max AC 50/?M Rel. k max AC 50/?M Rel. k max       . 
aAnalogues printed in bold were synthesised for the first time, to our knowledge, during this study. For a visualisation of the chemical structures see Fig. 2 . Full chemical names are given in S1 Table . 
bSee also [ 11 ]. 
cSee also [ 13 ]. 
Protein a Nucleotide pdb Entry wt cAMP (4MGI) K450Q cAMP (4MGK) K405Q D-007 (4MGY) wt S-220 (4MGZ) wt S-280 (4MH0). 
aEpac2, mus musculus , amino acids 306–993, data collection statistic for each complex correspond to a dataset derived from a single crystal. 
bValues in parenthesis correspond to highest resolution shell. 
cFor the calculation of the Free-R factor the same reflections were omitted as in the dataset of the first solved structure of Epac2?305•SpcAMPS•Rap (pdb-entry 3CF6). 
dValues in parenthesis correspond to the cyclic nucleotide in the CNB domain. 
Variable Patients’ cohort (n = 101) Validation’s cohort (n = 66)  Median (range) Median (range). 
NA = not available. 
* postoperative radiotherapy (a total dose of 60 Gy in 30 to 33 fractions). 
Protein Clone Company Catalog no. Raised in Positive controls No of stained slides for IHC Antigen retrieval method for IHC Dilution and incubation time. 
H1x H4K20me3 H3K9me3 SETDB1 SUV39H1      Nuclear Cytoplasmic  Median (range). 
H1 H3K9me3 H3K4me3 SETDB1 SUV39H1 nuclear. 
Entire cohort Glioblastomas. 
Hazard ratio (HR) p-value 95% Confidence interval of HR. 
ROCK1 PLX4720 SCH772984 Hairpin Fold change Hairpin Fold change. 
Fold change of the hairpins identified in the PLX4720 and SCH772984 sensitizer screen. 
Histologic classification of primary brain tumors*. 
WHO grading of tumors of the central nervous system. 
Tissue Number of CpG sites CpG sites mapping to known genes (unique) CpG sites mapping to intergenic regions More methylated before weight loss More methylated after weight loss Absolute range ?beta Number of CpG sites with ?beta?>?10% (20%). 
Summary of differentially methylated CpG sites which passed Bonferroni correction. 
Ilumina probe ID Gene symbol Chromosome and map position (build 37) ?beta T statistic P value. 
Top20 CpG sites in known genes which were most hypermethylated or hypomethylated in subcutaneous adipose. 
A positive value for ?beta indicates hypermethylation before weight loss in comparison to after weight loss, and a negative value indicates hypomethylation. 
Ilumina probe ID Gene symbol Chromosome and map position (build 37) ?beta T statistic P value. 
Differentially methylated CpG sites in omentum. 
All CpG sites passing Bonferroni correction are shown. A positive value for ?beta indicates hypermethylation before weight loss in comparison to after weight loss, and a negative value indicates hypomethylation. Gene symbol ‘-’ represents an intergenic region to which no known genes map. 
Alteration type Selected genomic alterations and frequency in HGSOC. 
The results shown here are in whole or part based upon data generated by the TCGA Research Network ( http://cancergenome.nih.gov/ ). 
OC rare subtype Histological similarities Oncogenic alterations. 
NA, not available. 
OC subtype Molecular alteration in the PI3K pathway. 
PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase; PIK3CA, phosphatidylinositol-4,5-biphosphate 3-kinase, catalytic subunit alpha; PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; TSC, tuberous sclerosis complex; LKB1, liver kidney kinase B1. 
Phase Treatment No. of all gynecologic cancer patients No. of OC patients Selected toxicities Efficacy Reference. 
PLD, pegylated liposomal doxorubicin; RR, response rate; PFS, progression-free survival; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease; NA, not available. 
Phase Treatment No. of OC patients Selected toxicities Efficacy Reference. 
MTD, maximal tolerated dose; AUC, area under curve; SD, stable disease; ORR, objective response rate. 
Trial phase and/or population feature Treatment No. of OC patients Efficacy Reference. 
PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase; ER, estrogen receptor; PgR, progesterone receptor; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; IGR-1R, insulin growth factor 1 receptor; RR, response rate; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; SD, stable disease; PR, partial response; NOS, not otherwise specified. 
Serine proteases Upregulated Downregulated. 
List of transcripts associated with serine proteases and serine protease inhibitors found to be differentially expressed in the specificity analysis. 
Patient characteristics according to MMR-related protein expression. 
Values are presented as median (range). 
BMI, body mass index; FIGO, International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics; MMR, mismatch repair. 
Profile of MMR-related protein loss in MMR-deficient endometrial cancers (n=76). 
MMR, mismatch repair. 
Tumor response of adjuvant chemotherapy in evaluable cases. 
MMR, mismatch repair; RECIST, Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumor. 
Multivariate analysis for progression-free survival and overall survival. 
BMI, body mass index; CI, confidence interval; FIGO, International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics; MMR, mismatch repair. 
Biomarkers were analyzed for common mutations found in nonsquamous lung cancers. 
SSP no. Protein name Swiss-Prot no. NF-NFPA LH-NFPA FSH-NFPA LH/FSH-NFPA. 
Differentially expressed proteins in different subtypes of clinically nonfunctional pituitary adenomas versus controls. 
LH-NFPA?=?NFPA that expressed leuteinizing hormone, or lutropin; FSH-NFPA?=?NFPA that expressed follicle-stimulating hormone, or follitropin; LH/FSH-NFPA?=?NFPA that expressed both follicle-stimulating hormone and leuteinizing hormone; NF-NFPA?=?NFPA that had negative immunohistochemical stains for ACTH, FSH, GH, LH, prolactin, and TSH. Each adenoma was graded blindly by a neuropathologist from 0–4 for intensity of staining for each peptide hormone. (?)?=?decreased relative to controls; (??)?=?lost relative to controls; (+)?=?increased relative to controls; (+/?)?=?no change relative to controls. 
Control  Intracellular renin  Intracellular renin?+?Ao  Intracellular renin?+?enalaprilat. 
Influence of intracellular renin (100?nM), intracellular renin plus angiotensinogen (Ao) (100?nM) and intracellular renin plus enalaprilat (10 ?9?M) on gap junction permeability ( P j) (cm/s) in rat cardiac myocytes . 
V cell taken as 12% of total cell volume for all the experiments . 
Tumor type G-CSF GM-CSF. 
Summary of pro- and antitumorigenic roles of G-CSF and GM-CSF. 
G-CSF and GM-CSF differentially regulate tumor growth and metastasis in solid cancers. NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; MDSC, myeloid-derived suppressor cells; ?, no discernible evidence of an oncogenic or a tumor suppressor role has been found. 
Solvent exmax 1 (nm) emmax 2 (nm) ? 3 ? 4 (mol/(L cm)). 
Photophysical properties of IC7-1 derivatives and IC7-1. 
Maximum excitation wavelength. 
Maximum emission wavelength. 
Quantum yield. 
Extinction coefficient. 
Dataset Year Region Tumor type No. of samples (cancer/normal) Platform (manufacturer) Total miRNA Differentially expressed miRNAs Criteria Up Down Total. 
Characteristics of miRNA datasets in human gastric cancer. 
Only top most miRNAs selected. 
miRNAs above with raw signal above 500 selected 21 . 
miRNAs over twofold change provided (GCI, gastric cancer intestinal; GCD, gastric cancer diffuse, NR, not reported). 
miRNA Reference No. of tissue sample (cancer/normal) miRNA family Fold change Median fold change. 
Consistently reported upregulated miRNAs in profiling studies (gastric cancer tissue vs. normal). 
miRNA Reference No. of tissue sample (cancer/normal) miRNA family Fold change Median fold change. 
Consistently reported downregulated miRNAs in profiling studies (gastric cancer tissue vs. normal). 
Gene symbol Official gene name Allele CDS position Protein position AA change Codon change SIFT prediction (score) Co-located variation. 
Genes (within the congenic loci) containing non-synonymous coding SNPs with potential relevance to the senescence-accelerated phenotype in OXYS rats. 
The SNP quality integral parameter threshold (in Samtools/Bcftools) was Qual> 180, and the consequence according to the Variant Effect Predictor tool, VEP [ 41 ] was "missense". Only 1 SNP, located in the Arhgap33 gene, was predicted to significantly affect protein structure (marked as "deleterious" by VEP). Position = position in base pairs (for CDS sequence) or in amino acid residues (for protein); AA = amino acid residue; colocated variation is presented according to the ENCODE data. 
  Target Drug Mechanism Clinical trial. 
Drugs currently in clinical trials targeting tumor suppressor/oncogene pathways or proteins within the mitochondrial pathway of apoptosis. 
Records were obtained from the National Cancer Institute and NIH clinical trials databases ( http://www.cancer.gov ; https://clinicaltrials.gov ). 
1Introgen Therapeutics, TX, USA, 2Gilead, CA, USA, 3Novartis, Basel, Switzerland, 4Exelixis, CA, USA, 5Pfizer, NY, USA, 6Sanofi, Paris, France, 7Aeterna Zentaris, Quebec, Canada, 8Astra Zeneca, London, UK, 9Genentech, CA, USA, 10Imclone Systems Inc., NY, USA, 11GlaxoSmithKline, Middlesex, UK, 12Amgen, CA, USA, 13Concordia Pharmaceuticals, FL, USA, 14Merck, NJ, USA, 15Johnson & Johnson, NJ, USA, 16Onyx Pharmaceuticals, CA, USA, 17AbbVie, IL, USA, 18Ascenta Therapeutics, PA, USA, 19Gemin X Pharmaceuticals, Quebec, Canada, 20Aegera Therapeutics, Quebec, Canada, 21TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals, PA, USA. 
Cell line CFZ IC 50 (?M) CDDP IC 50 (?M) 48 h 72 h 96 h 48 h 72 h 96 h. 
Sensitivity of lung cancer cell lines to CFZ and CDDP. 
The determined inhibitory concentrations (IC50 values) represent the level of drug that inhibited cell growth by 50%. IC50 values (?M) of CFZ at 48 and 72 hours are the mean of two or more independent experiments, n???12. Other IC50 values are the mean of one experiment, n =?6. 
miRNA name (Release 17)† Accession Number miRNA name (Release 20)† Fold Changes P-Value (8)‡ P-Value (5)? FDR (8)‡. 
The EGCG-upregulated miRNAs in the NNK-induced A/J mouse lung tumor. 
† Based on http://www.mirbase.org. 
‡ Comparison includes all 8 controls and all 8 EGCG-treatment samples. 
?Comparison includes all 8 controls and 5 responsive EGCG-treatment samples. 
# These 2 miRNAs, miR-486 and miR-3107, are recognized by the same probe. 
miRNA name (Release 17)† Accession Number miRNA name (Release 20)† Fold Changes P-Value (8)‡ P-Value (5)? FDR (8)‡. 
The EGCG-downregulated miRNAs in the NNK-induced A/J mouse lung tumor. 
† Based on http://www.mirbase.org. 
‡ Comparison includes all 8 controls and all 8 EGCG-treatment samples. 
?Comparison includes all 8 controls and 5 responsive EGCG-treatment samples. 
mRNA coding Genes Targeted by miRNA. 
Genes regulated by EGCG potentially mediated through miRNA. 
Characteristics No. of cases miR-301 expression P -value. 
Clinicopathological parameters. 
Data set name * M-CCI R-FPIm R-FPIs R-CCI. 
Summary of the Four TBI Gene Expression Data Sets. 
M-CCI, mouse controlled cortical impact (CCI) model; R-FPIm, rat fluid percussion injury (FPI) model with moderate injury; R-FPIs, rat FPI model with severe injury; R-CCI, rat CCI model. 
All model organisms are male. 
Up-/downregulated genes were determined by using the RankProd method with a P ?<?0.05 cutoff (Hong et al., 2006 ). 
Category Activated modules *  Suppressed modules/subnetwork † Term  Term Protein Protein modules ‡ Modules § Subnetwork § Count Percentage Count Percentage Count Percentage. 
Enrichment Analysis of the Proteins in the 27 Activated Protein–Protein Interaction (PPI) Modules and the Six Suppressed PPI Modules That Were Conserved in at Least Two of the Four Data Sets. 
Involving 2,119 proteins (2,100 annotated in DAVID). 
Involving 296 proteins (289 annotated in DAVID). 
Number and fraction among the 2,100 proteins in the activated modules annotated by DAVID with a specific term. A protein may have multiple distinct annotations in a given category. 
Number and fraction among the 289 proteins in the suppressed modules (or 58 proteins in the subnetwork) annotated by DAVID with a specific term. A protein may have multiple distinct annotations in a given category. 
Italic indicates terms associated with the nervous system. 
Not statistically significant ( P ?>?0.05); for all other entries P ?<?0.05. 
Gene symbol Gene name Subnetwork * Pathway †. 
Previously Identified TBI Biomarker Candidates and Novel Protein Indicators Present in the Significant Subnetworks and Pathways. 
Significantly regulated subnetworks conserved in two or more databases ( ? , activated subnetwork; ? , suppressed subnetwork). 
Significantly regulated Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathways from Figure 2 (italic indicates pathways associated with nervous system). 
N/A, protein not present in significant pathway or subnetwork. 
Tau protein is upregulated in the suppressed module. 
Also known as discs large homolog 4 (DLG4). 
nAChR PMP-311 PMP-072. 
1a-btx binding to rat PC12 cell membranes. 
2cytisine-binding to rat brain membranes. 
3a-btx binding to TE671 cell membranes. 
PMP-311 PMP-072. 
* relative to plasma level 30 min after administration of 1 mg/kg IV. 
Patient Gender Age Classification Location TNM. 
Gender: M, male; F, female. Y: Year. 
TNM: Tis, carcinoma in situ; T1, tumor invades submucosa; T2, tumor invades muscularispropria; T3, tumor invades through the muscularispropria into the pericolorectal tissues; T4a, tumor penetrates to the surface of the visceral peritoneum; T4b, tumor directly invades or is adherent to other organs or structures. 
Gene Official full name Gene Official full name. 
Cell line IC50 (?M). 
  ????CM ????CE Cell/MMP [DC] (?M) 3.1 6.3 12.5 25 50 3.1 6.3 12.5 25 50. 
  Reporter Gene Response/CHO-K1 cAMP Response/CHO-K1 Ca2+ Response/CHO-K1 EC50/IC50(nM) EC50/IC50(nM) EC50(nM). 
The CHO-K1 cells were co-transfected with luciferase plasmid, 5-HT receptor plasmids and pRL-SV40 plasmid. After the cells were incubated with different concentrations of agonists, luciferase activity was measured. EC50 and IC50 values were generated using origin7.5 software. (a: treated with 8-OH-DPAT; b: treated with 5-HT; c: treated with DOI; “–”: Not available. The values in “()” are from references 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 ). 
Compound IC50 (?M) ± SEM. 
IC50 values for oxaquinolizidine alkaloids after 48 h treatment of BT-474 breast cancer cells in culture. Cells were plated at a density of 1 × 104 cells per well in 96-well culture plates and maintained in RPMI-1640 media supplemented with 10% FBS and allowed to adhere overnight. The next day, cells were divided into different treatment groups and then given various treatments in RPMI-1640 medium containing 40 ng/mL HGF for 48 h. Viable cell number was determined using the MTT assay. IC50 values were calculated using non-linear regression curve fit analysis using GraphPad Prism software. 
Cell Line IC50 (µM) ± SEM. 
IC50 values for araguspongine C after 48 h treatment of multiple breast cancer cell lines in culture. IC50 values were calculated using non-linear regression curve fit analysis using GraphPad Prism software (GraphPad Software Inc., La Jolla, CA USA). 
PFS OS HR (95% CI) P HR (95% CI) P. 
Multivariate analysis of survival by the Cox proportional hazards model. 
Expression score  High expression Low expression . 
Association between expression of ABCA1 and clinicopathological features of 55 ovarian cancer patients. 
aNumber of cases. 
Vasodilatory Mechanism Food Protein Peptide Sequence Dose mg/kg BW SBP Decrease (mm Hg) References. 
Antihypertensive activity and vasodilatory mechanism of food derived bioactive peptides in spontaneously hypertensive rats. 
Active Peptide Administered Product Study Description Dose/Day Duration (Weeks) SBP Decrease (mmHg) References. 
Human clinical trials of food protein derived antihypertensive peptides. 
Process Involved Disease Gene(s) Involved * Incidence of Disease Incidence of MDS in Patients §. 
Increased incidence of MDS in pediatric syndromes associated with defective DNA repair. 
* Genes involved are the genes thought to be directly responsible for the genetic syndrome mentioned in the corresponding “disease” column; § Most of these diseases present themselves in early childhood. The overall incidence of de novo MDS in children is ~1.8–4 per 1,000,000 [ 148 ]; ¶ Although these diseases are not considered classical DNA repair-deficiency disorders, patients suffering from them have shown either a compromised DNA damage response or increased potential to acquire DNAlesions [ 139 , 146 , 149 , 150 ]; Part of this table was published previously in [ 112 ]. 
Testis  Spermatogonium Primary spermatocyte Secondary spermatocyte Round spermatid Elongated spermatid Leydig cell. 
Expression of type II DGKs in the testis. 
– : not detected; + : weakly detected; ++: moderately detected; +++: strongly detected. 
Ovary  Primary follicle Secondary follicle Mature follicle Corpus luteum Medulla Oviductal epithelium. 
Expression of type II DGKs in the ovary and oviduct. 
– : not detected; +: weakly detected; ++: strongly detected; ++++: very strongly detected. 
Uterus  Luminal epithelium Endometrium Uterine gland Myometrium. 
Expression of type II DGKs in the uterus. 
–: not detected; +: weakly detected; +++: strongly detected. 
Rac1lox/lox SM?Rac1?KO P Value n. 
Cardiovascular Parameters in Rac1lox/lox and SM?Rac1?KO Mice. 
Arterial characteristics were monitored either by tail?cuff, telemetry, histological or myograph measurements. Cardiac parameters were obtained by echocardiography. Renal function was assessed by sodium and creatinine related dosages. All parameters were measured 1 month after Rac1 deletion. ABP indicates arterial blood pressure; E/A, early diastolic (E), late diastolic (A), LV, left ventricle; FeNa, fractional sodium excretion; n, sample size per group; SM?Rac1, smooth muscle Rac1 knockout. 
P <0.05 Rac1lox/lox vs SM?Rac1?KO mice. 
SNP Chromosome 8 Location Phenotype AA AB BB MAF Allelic P Value Odds Ratio (95% CI) LD With rs2001945. 
Allele Frequencies, CAD Association, and LD Data for SNPs Within Evolutionarily Conserved Regions Genotyped in CAD Cases and Controls From the Ottawa Heart Study. 
Minor allele frequencies (MAF) were compared between CAD cases and controls for each SNP. Statistical analysis was based on a univariate logistic regression model. rs2001945 is a previously identified TG?associated SNP. Both SNPs are in partial LD with one another (D?=1, r 2=0.38), according to Haploreg (CEU population); A=major allele, B=minor allele. CAD indicates coronary artery disease; LD, linkage disequilibrium; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism. 
SNP Chr8 Location Allele Cases/Controls Adjusted for pc1+pc2 Adjusted for pc1+pc2+TGs Odds Ratio P Value Odds Ratio P Value. 
Association of Risk SNPs With CAD Depends on TGs. 
After removing SNPs with missingness per SNP >5%, Hardy?Weinberg equilibrium <0.0001, mean allele frequency <0.01, info <0.4, and subjects with >10% genotype missingness, we measured the association of each candidate SNP with CAD and its dependence on TGs as explained under Statistical Analysis in the Methods section. CAD indicates coronary artery disease; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism; TGs, triglycerides. 
Transcript Cluster ID Fold Change (Linear) Gene Symbol. 
Changes in Response to TRIBAL Levels Assessed by Transcription Array Analyses. 
Transcripts displaying greater than 1.5× linear changes in response to TRIBAL1 overexpression ( TRIBAL1 O/E ) or TRIBAL knock?down are listed. 
Category Term P Value Fold FDR. 
Analyses of Statistically Significant Changes According to the Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery (DAVID). 
Genes with significantly affected changes (without correction for multiple testing) following TRIBAL1 overexpression (O/E) or knock?down were analyzed for pathway enrichment. Pathways that are significantly enriched (FDR <0.05) are shown. FDR indicates false discovery rate; fold, fold enrichment. 
Receptor homodimer/heterodimer Ligands Over-expression associated malignancies. 
HER ligands and receptors . 
EGF, epidermal growth factor; TGF, transforming growth factor; AR, amphiregulin; HB-EGF, heparin binding epidermal growth factor; EPG, epigen; EPR, epiregulin; BTC, betacellulin; NRG, neuregulin . 
Regulation mechanism Effect on signaling Mediators and mechanisms. 
HER signaling regulation . 
Method Findings Tumor type Reference. 
Clinical trials with dacomitinib . 
Method Findings Tumor type Reference. 
Clinical trials with afatinib . 
Cohort Discovery Replication. 
Discovery analysis Replication analysis Meta-analysis Chr SNP Closest gene Position (Mb) Rsq effect allele effect allele frequency Effect s.e. of Effect p-value effect allele frequency Effect s.e. of Effect p-value Effect s.e. of Effect p-value. 
Abbreviations: Chr-Chromosome, MAF-Minor Allele Frequency, s.e.-standard error, Rsq-imputation quality estimate. 
In the first row, the association result of the rs3806702 in the initial GWAS is shown. In the rows (2–6), the association results of the 5 replicated SNPs in the conditional GWAS adjusted for the rs3806702 genotype are reported. 
Micro-RNA Chromosome location Level Sample Target gene Biological role Clinical significance References. 
Specific miRNAs altered in bladder cancer. 
Abbreviations: miRNA, mircoRNA; FFPE, Formalin-Fixed, Paraffin-Embedded. 
Initial search query Additional key words Number of clinical trials. 
Overview of the query results returned by different searches regarding bladder cancer on the ClinicalTrials.gov webpage. 
Abbreviation: miRNA, mircoRNA. 
Therapy Target Current clinical applications Problems reported in glioma trials Reference. 
A summary of therapies targeting EGFR and EGFRvIII . 
  R1 R2 log  P ? a. 
The log  P values were calculated using ChemBioDraw Ultra, version 12.0.2. 
    K i, nM a compd K d, nM, a wt?C1B N7R S10R P11R L20R N7R/P11R N7R/L20R N7R/S10R/P11R N7R/S10R/L20R. 
Values (in nanomolar concentrations) represent the mean ± SEM of at least triplicate determinations. 
NT, not tested. 
Values for the binding of [3H]PDBu to the various mutants are from Pu et al. 17. 
    K d or K i relative to that for PDBu binding to the wt?C1b a compd K d, nM, a wt?C1B N7R S10R P11R L20R N7R/P11R N7R/L20R N7R/S10R/P11R N7R/S10R/L20R. 
Data are derived from Table 2 . 
NT, not tested. 
Patient characteristics. 
Correlation between Wnt7a methylation and clinicopathological factors. 
Correlation between Wnt7a methylation and lung cancer staging status. 
Correlation between E-cadherin expression and Wnt7a methylation. 
Factors affecting the survival of the patients. 
Gene ‘GO’ Annotations Location Technology Etiology of HCC Ref. 
Genes associated with hepatocellular carcinoma identified by next generation sequencing. 
BGS, Bisulfate genomic sequencing; ‘GO’, Gene Ontology (http://www.genecards.org/); HBV, hepatitis B virus; HCV, hepatitis C virus; RC-seq, retrotransposon capture sequenc-ing; RNA-seq, RNA sequencing; SB, Sleeping Beauty; WES, whole exome sequencing; WGS, whole genome sequencing. 
Major Genes Sample Type T/Total Integ -rated sites Platforms Preferred Human Integrated Chr. Preferred Breakpoints on HBV Genome Ref. 
Characters of HBV integrations analysis by next generation sequencing. 
bp, base pairs; Chr., chromosome; HBV+, HBV positive; HBV-, HBV negative; HBx, HBV X protein; HIVID, high throughput viral integration detection; MAPS: massive an-chored parallel sequencing; NT, non-tumor tissues; RNA-seq, RNA sequencing; T, tumor tissues; WES, whole exome sequencing; WGS, whole genome sequencing. 
No. of cases Cases with consistent mutation patterns (second vs first tumor sample), n (%) Mutation patterns among discrepant paired samples BRAF NRAS PIK3CA First tumor Second tumor First tumor Second tumor First tumor Second tumor. 
Consistency between BRAF/NRAS/PIK3CA mutations in multiple melanomas from same patients, and mutation patterns in those in whom there were discrepancies. 
Abbreviation : wt wild-type. 
Metformin    No Yes Total p -value. 
Responses according to the RECIST criteria after six weeks of sorafenib treatment in a phase II trial in patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC harboring a KRAS mutation ( n = 57). 
Classes Drugs mTOR ( in vitro kinase IC50) mTORC1 (cellular potency EC50) mTORC2 (cellular potency EC50) Class I PI3K ( in vitro kinase IC50) References. 
mTOR inhibitor drugs. 
In vitro mTOR kinase IC50 was evaluated using either the immunoprecipitated or the recombinant full length enzyme. Cellular potency for the two different mTOR complexes was calculated after short term incubation, ranging between 30?min and 2?h, of different cell lines with mTOR inhibitors and subsequent analysis of the phosphorylation status of specific mTORC1 (S6K or S6) or mTORC2 (AKT, at Ser473) substrates. In vitro PI3K and PIKK IC50 were measured using specific biochemical assays. 
1A truncated mTOR enzyme was used in the in vitro kinase assay. 
2Cellular potency was evaluated by inhibition of cell proliferation, using vascular smooth muscle cells stimulated by fetal calf serum. 
3Cellular potency was evaluated using a high throughput immunocytochemical assay, carried out in the MDA-MB-468 cell line. 
4Ratio between PI3K and mTOR IC50 is <500. 
5The reader should also consider IC50 values reported by Hayakawa et al., 2007 [ 99 ], and Kong et al., 2009 [ 101 ]. 
6NVP-226 is considered a dual mTOR/PI3K inhibitor. However, in vitro preclinical data on the mTOR inhibitory activity for this compound were not found through Medline Search. 
Ref. Molecular alteration Pathway/process Target Agent Result. 
Targeted therapies in NEPC . 
Patient characteristics (at the time of ETNK1 testing) Diagnosis ASM+eosinophilia SM-AHD MDS/MPN-NOS+eosinophilia SM-AHD MPN-NOS+eosinophilia SM-AHD MDS/MPN-NOS+eosinophilia SM-AHD MPN-NOS+eosinophilia Idiopathic hypereosinophilia. 
Abbreviations: ANA, anagrelide; ASM, aggressive systemic mastocytosis; ETNK1, ethanolamine kinase 1; FISH, fluorescence in situ hybridization; HU, hydroxyurea; IFN, interferon ? MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; MPN, myeloproliferative neoplasm; NA, not available; NOS, not otherwise specified; SM, systemic mastocytosis; SM-AHD, SM with associated hematological disorder; XRT, external beam radiotherapy. 
Pre-dated discovery of FIP1L1-PDGFRA mutation. 
Evaluated by allele-specific polymerase chain reaction for KIT D816V on archived bone marrow aspirate sample. 
Molecular function Enrichment score Enrichment p value Percent of genes in group that are present GO ID. 
Top molecular functions changed after SWCNT treatment in transformed BEAS-2B cells. 
The molecular function was based on SWCNT vs. control comparison, p ?<?0.05 and fold changes >2. 
Latency Gene products Disease. 
Abbreviations: BL, Burkitt lymphoma; CHL, classical Hodgkin lymphoma; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; DLBCL with CI, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma associated with chronic inflammation; EBER, Epstein–Barr virus encoded small RNA; EBNA, Epstein–Barr virus nuclear antigen; IM, infectious mononucleosis; LMP, latent membrane protein; LyG, lymphomatoid granulomatosis; PBL, plasmablastic lymphoma; PEL, primary effusion lymphoma; PTLD, posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder. 
Disease Morphology Immunophenotype Genetic. 
Abbreviations: BCL, B-cell lymphoma; BL, Burkitt lymphoma; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; DLBCL with CI, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma associated with chronic inflammation; EBER, Epstein–Barr virus encoded small RNA; EMA, epithelial membrane antigen; HHV8, human herpesvirus 8; LMP, latent membrane protein; LyG, lymphomatoid granulomatosis; MUM1, multiple myeloma oncogene 1; PBL, plasmablastic lymphoma; PEL, primary effusion lymphoma. 
Latent genes Roles. 
Abbreviations: BART, Bam HI-A region rightward transcript; BHRF1, Bam HI fragment H rightward open reading frame 1; CSC, cancer stem cell; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; EBER, EBV-encoded nuclear antigen; EBV, Epstein–Barr virus; eIF2?, eukaryotic initiation factor 2? EMT, epithelial–mesenchymal transition; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; IFN, interferon; JNK, c-Jun N-terminal kinase; LMP, latent membrane protein; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; NF-?B, nuclear factor-?B; NPC, nasopharyngeal carcinoma; LP, leader protein; PKR, RNA-dependent protein kinase; PRR, pattern-recognition receptors; RBPJ, recombination signal-binding immunoglobulin ?J region; RIG-1, retinoic acid-inducible gene I. 
Abbreviation: HLA, human leukocyte antigen. 
EBV+ MSI Genomically stable Chromosome instability Upregulated Downregulated Upregulated Downregulated Upregulated Downregulated Upregulated Downregulated. 
Abbreviations: EBV, Epstein–Barr virus; MSI, microsatellite instability. 
Ranked in order of fold change in mRNA or microRNA level, with highest fold change at the top. 
Gene silenced in EBV+ cancers Also silenced in EBV(?)gastric cancers (%) Gene silenced in EBV+ cancers Also silenced in EBV(?)gastric cancers (%). 
Abbreviations: EBV, Epstein–Barr virus; TCGA, The Cancer Genome Atlas. 
Each gene was silenced in at least 95% of EBV-positive gastric cancers, as reported by the TCGA Network. 
All molecular classes a. 
Abbreviation: EBV, Epstein–Barr virus. 
Hypermutated cancers were excluded when compiling this list. 
Abbreviation: EBV, Epstein–Barr virus. 
Proposed oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes are shown in bold. 
  n All cancers (%) Epstein–Barr virus positive (%) Microsatellite instability (%) Chromosome instability (%) Genomically stabile (%). 
Abbreviations: TCGA, The Cancer Genome Atlas; WHO, World Health Organization. 
Data from the TCGA Network. 
Variables . 
Patients' characteristics. 
A partial list of human retinal diseases with monogenic inheritance*. 
Widely used mouse mutants with retinal phenotype, maintained at The Jackson Laboratory ( http://jaxmice.jax.org/index.html )*. 
Cytokine Producing cell Main functions. 
Main cytokine mediators, the inflammatory response and their respective roles. 
IL, interleukin; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; TGF, transforming growth factor; IFN, interferon; MHC, major histocompatibility complex; APC, antigen-presenting cell; NK, natural killer, NKT, natural killer T; Th, T helper; TCD8+, T cell positive for cluster of differentiation 8 (cytotoxic T cell). 
A, Intrapulmonary, distant and lymph node metastases  Characteristics Intrapulmonary metastasis Distant metastasis Lymph node metastasis. 
Tumor characteristics. 
The superior and inferior lobes of the left lung contained an adenocarcinoma, with a previous history of gastric adenocarcinoma. The other two masses in the middle and inferior lobe of right lung were identified during a pre-operative examination for cervical cancer. 
According to the tumor-node-metastasis classification. 
MPLC, multiple primary lung cancer; p stage, pathological stage; UICC, Union for International Cancer Control. 
Case no. p16 D-value ErbB2 D-value p27 D-value p53 D-value Total D-value. 
Immunohistochemical protein expression of the four genes in primary tumors and metastatic lymph nodes. 
D-value, the sum of the differential expression ratios. 
Clinical diagnosis (Martini and Melamed criteria)   Differentially-expressed gene analysis MPLC IPM Total. 
Difference between the Martini and Melamed criteria and the mathematical model, which is based upon differentially-expressed gene analysis, in MPLC. 
Martini and Melamed criteria ( 3 ); MPLC, multiple primary lung cancer; IPM, intrapulmonary metastasis. 
Characteristic Value. 
Baseline patient characteristics. 
FOLFIRI, folinic acid, 5-fluorouracil and irinotecan hydrochloride; FOLFOX4, folinic acid, 5-fluorouracil, and oxaliplatin. 
Methylation of primary tumor tissue Methylation of metastatic lesion    Sample CpG1, % CpG2, % CpG3, % CpG1, % CpG2, % CpG3, %. 
Methylation of three EGFR CpG islands of in the primary tumor and matched metastatic lesions. 
CpG1 methylation CpG2 methylation CpG3 methylation Mean methylation       Mutation status Number of patients Median value (range) P-value Median value (range) P-value Median value (range) P-value Median value (range) P-value. 
Correlation between EGFR methylation and KRAS , BRAF and PIK3CA mutations. 
mut, mutation; wt, wild-type. 
pERK status     Characteristic Positive (n=7) Negative (n=15) P-value. 
Association between pERK expression at the invasive front and clinicopathological characteristics of HCM patients. 
Statistically significant. 
pERK, phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase; HCM, hepatic colorectal metastasis. 
Gene name Gene symbol FVPTC vs. FA FVPTC vs. TN FA vs. TN      FC1 P 2 FC1 P FC1 P. 
Fifty-five genes differentially expressed between FVPTCs and FAs and comparison with TN sample expression. 
1FC, fold change;2p-value with FDR < 0.05 and fold change cutoff > 2;-, downregulated in FVPTCs vs. FAs, downregulated in FVPTCs vs. TN, and downregulated in FAs vs. TN. 
Molecular, cellular and physiological functions p-value No. genes Proportion of differentially expressed genes involved (%)*. 
Main molecular, cellular and physiological functions triggered by CCs in ZGP versus ZGNP. These functions are ranked by p-value and their proportion of differentially expressed genes (both overexpressed and underexpressed) according to the IPA software. 
* : The proportion of differentially expressed genes included both over- and under-expressed genes. 
Gene CALM1 DPP8 HIST1H4C NRP1 PSMD6 TOM1 UBQLN1. 
Quantitative real-time PCR comparative analysis of differentially expressed genes in individual CCs among the three ZP quality groups (ZGP versus ZGNP versus ZBNP). Candidates with different letters are significantly different following a F-test analysis at ? = 0.05. 
BRAF NRAS PTEN REFERENCE. 
No 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. 
Lymphoma involvement includes swollen lymph nodes or organ lesion such as the liver or lung. 
Annotated gene Mutation type Ref Seq Nucleotide change Amino-acid change VAF. 
Abbreviation: VAF, valiant allele frequency. 
Tumor-Suppressor Genes and Oncogenes Commonly Associated with Colorectal Cancer (Molecular Basis of Colorectal Cancer: Sanford D. Markowitz, M.D., Ph.D., and Monica M. Bertagnolli, M.D.). 
Test of equality of survival distributions for the different levels of Codon_K13 in stage I. 
Test of equality of survival distributions for the different levels of Codon_K13 in stage II. 
Drug Drug description Development stage Reference. 
Hypomethylating agents currently in development . 
Drug Target Development Reference. 
Histone deacetylase inhibitors . 
Protein Antibodies  Anti-Nox2 54.1 Anti-Nox2 NL7 Anti-Nox2 C-15 Anti-PDIA3 H-220 Anti-PDIA3 HPA003230 Anti-PDIA3 NBP1-84797 Anti-PDIA3 ABE1032 Anti-PDIA1 H-160  Mouse monoclonal Mouse monoclonal Goat polyclonal Rabbit polyclonal Rabbit polyclonal Rabbit polyclonal Rabbit polyclonal Rabbit polyclonal. 
Cross-reactivity of some anti-Nox2 antibodies with PDIA3 and of some anti-PDIA3 antibodies with Nox2 . 
ND, not determined . 
Weak reaction in comparison to that with the specific antigen . 
PDIA1 was detected; detection of PDIA3 could not be established with certainty because of similarity in size with PDIA1 . 
Gene Official name: Also known as Screen Reference. 
Yeast protein Physical interaction partners Key domains, motifs Homolog, common name a. 
Any gene for which a clearly identifiable homolog is currently unknown is indicated as such, even if presently seems to be specific to fungi. 
Act1 is not listed as a binding partner for proteins in this subsection. 
  WT Cic-L KO No. of tested animals (WT : KO). 
*p<0.05, **p<0.01, ***p<0.001. 
GENE Chromosome Description. 
List of the genes analyzed by MLPA in the tumor and matched normal tissue samples. 
Genes No change Duplication Triplication # of amplified samples Heterozygote Deletion Homozygote Deletion Amplification %. 
CNV analysis of the 22 genes in NSCLC tumor tissue. 
GENES n=82 (%). 
Frequency and coamplification of the most frequently amplified genes. 
CNV p n=82  1 gene 2-3 genes 4-6 genes ? 7 genes No change Decreased Total. 
Distribution of CNVs in association with clinicopathological characteristics. 
miRNAs Role of EMT regulation Target (s) Cancer types. 
miRNAs known to regulate EMT-related molecules. 
Family Members Function. 
Members of the Ras superfamily and their major functions . 
Rnd Stimuli or TFs that control expression Cell type Function References. 
Mechanisms regulating Rnd expression . 
1 (Heng et al., 2008 ), 2 (Heng et al., 2013 ; Ohtaka-Maruyama et al., 2013 ), 3 (Alfano et al., 2011 ), 4 (Paul et al., 2014 ), 5 (Pacary et al., 2011 ), 6 (Riento et al., 2003 ), 7 (Guasch et al., 1998 ), 8 (Tanimura et al., 2002 ), 9 (Hansen et al., 2000 ), 10 (Klein et al., 2008 ), 11 (Klein and Aplin, 2009 ), 12 (Ongusaha et al., 2006 ), 13 (Boswell et al., 2007 ), 14 (Tyburczy et al., 2010 ), 15 (Nadiminty et al., 2010 ), 16 (Marie-Claire et al., 2007 ), 17 (Hurteau et al., 2006 ), 18 (Xia et al., 2010 ), 19 (Shimomura et al., 2009 ), 20 (Bektic et al., 2004 ), 21 (Liu et al., 2003 ), 22 (Lesiak et al., 2013 ), 23 (Zhou et al., 2011 ), 24 (Katiyar and Aplin, 2011 ). *Denotes factors that decrease Rnd expression . 
Rnd partner Rnd Function References. 
Rnd interacting partners and their functions . 
1 (Foster et al., 1996 ), 2 (Wennerberg et al., 2003 ), 3 (Pacary et al., 2011 ), 4 (Azzarelli et al., 2014 ) 5 (Riento et al., 2003 ), 6 (Riento et al., 2005 ), 7 (Goh and Manser, 2010 ), 8 (Naud et al., 2003 ), 9 (Miller and Bement, 2009 ), 10 (Oinuma et al., 2003 ), 11 (Oinuma et al., 2004 ), 12 (Uesugi et al., 2009 ), 13 (Rohm et al., 2000 ), 14 (Toyofuku et al., 2005 ), 15 (Zanata et al., 2002 ), 16 (Fujita et al., 2002 ), 17 (Wakita et al., 2011 ), 18 (Tanaka et al., 2002 ), 19 (Karaulanov et al., 2009 ), 20 (Ogata et al., 2007 ), 21(Tanaka et al., 2006 ), 22 (Li et al., 2009 ), 23 (Katoh et al., 2002 ), 24 (Harada et al., 2005 ), 25 (Vayssiere et al., 2000 ), 26 (De Souza et al., 2014 ) . 
ZFPs TALEs CRISPRs Advantages Disadvantages Advantages Disadvantages Advantages Disadvantages. 
Comparison of DNA-binding backbones for genome engineering . 
DBD Effector domain Enzymatic function Target gene/site Epigenetic modification Regulated expression Reference. 
Epigenome editing using catalytic domains of epigenetic enzymes fused to DBDs . 
DBD, DNA-binding domain; DNMT, DNA methyltransferase; HMT, histone methyltransferase; HDAC, histone deacetylase; me, methylation; ac, acetylation . 
SIMILAR SEQUENCE FROM BLAST DATABASE E-value Max identity %. 
Accession numbers of similar sequences are given in S3 Table . 
Marker Property Clone (vender) Concentration IHC pattern Internal control Clinical application. 
List of selected tissue biomarkers in melanoma. 
Abbreviations: C, cytoplasmic; IHC, immunohistochemistry; LM, lentigo maligna; LVI, lymphovascular invasion; N, nuclear. 
Class of antioxidants Examples Clinical application (RCT or other) Reference(s). 
Clinical application of antioxidants summary table. 
Abbreviations: COPD, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; FEV1, forced expiratory volume in 1 second; Nrf2, nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2; RCT, randomized controlled trial. 
Year of publication Article title or study goal Population studied and type of study Results of the study Reference. 
COPD and vitamin D reports. 
Abbreviations: 25-OH, 25-hydroxyvitamin D; COPD, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; FEV1, forced expiratory volume, in1 second; FVC, forced vital capacity; URTI, upper respiratory tract infection; VA, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Trial identifier (status) Combination therapy Patient condition Study phase Sponsor Study title Study design. 
Ongoing clinical studies combining immunotherapy and oncogene-targeted therapy . 
Centre Name Centre Description Localisation. 
The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) organisation centres. Based on [ 7 ]. 
PTMs Mechanism Effector name Motif Target Reference. 
Diversity of PTMs catalyzed by Dot/Icm effectors of Legionella pneumophila. 
Variables Case Number P b  Variables Case Number P. 
Analysis was conducted on 118 cases. The mature miR-100 level was examined by qPCR and normalized to RNU6B level. 
Association between the miR-100 level and clinical characteristics of patients was analyzed by using unpaired Student t test. 
Symbol NCBI (NM_ID) Function Microarray Q-PCR Regulated by FKBP5 SKOV3/Tx600/SKOV3 SKOV3/Tx600/SKOV3. 
p < 0.05. 
p < 0.01. 
p < 0.001. 
Cancer type Mutated gene Model/Study level Results Reference. 
Inhibitor/Antibody Target Cancer type Clinical phase ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier Outcomes/most common side effects. 
Mutated gene Most frequent codons mutated Most frequent mutations Most frequent tissues affected. 
Position of 8-OH-G  34 35 181 35. 
Mutations induced by 8-OH-G containing c- Ha-ras genes transfected into NIH3T3 cells. 
G* represents 8-OH-G. 
Mutations at this position do not activate the c- Ha-ras gene. 
Trial or author Setting Phase Size Treatment groups Results Gastrointestinal perforation risk. 
Key bevacizumab studies in epithelial ovarian cancer. 
Abbreviations: GOG, Gynecologic Oncology Group; PFS, progression-free survival; OS, overall survival; q 3/52, every 3 weeks. 
Histology Genetic mutation Targeted therapy Size Phase Treatment arms Results. 
Targeted therapeutics in type I epithelial ovarian cancer. 
Abbreviation: na, not applicable. 
PARP inhibitor Delivery Development phase Company. 
PARP inhibitors in clinical development. 
Abbreviation: PARP, Poly(adenosine diphosphate [ADP]-ribose) polymerase. 
Crystal characteristics and data collection statistics. 
Note: Outer shell statistics are in parenthesis. 
Crystallographic data and refinement statistics. 
Abbreviation: RMSD, root-mean-square deviation. 
Patient number Age Race Primary Location Melanoma family history Nodal metastasis Stage Breslow depth Pigmentation Histology type Growth phase. 
Clinicopathological characteristics of the 16 female genital tract primary melanomas. 
Gene Location Number of mutations %. 
Molecular characterization of the eight genes in the 16 female genital tract primary melanomas. 
Variable Cases. 
The demographics of 69 colorectal cancers (CRCS). 
Sample number Age (year) Gender Site Pathological type Pathological grade Size (cm) Lymphatic invasion TNM stage. 
Clinical characteristics of 3 colorectal cancer (CRC) patients whose snap-frozen samples were used for proteomic research and western blot analysis. 
Dysregulated proteins Upregulated Down- or unregulated. 
The dysregulation of tropomyosin-3 (TPM3), endoplasmic reticulum resident protein 29 (ERp29), 18?kDa cationic antimicrobial protein (CAMP), and heat shock 70?kDa protein 8 (HSPA8) in colorectal cancer (CRC). 
Protein Area Std. error# Asymptotic sig. ? Asymptotic 95% confidence interval Sensitivity (%) Specificity (%) Accuracy (%) Lower bound Upper bound. 
The area under curve (AUC) of receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve for CRC detection by TPM3, ERp29, CAMP, and HSPA8. 
#Under the nonparametric assumption. 
? Null hypothesis: ture area = 0.5. 
? LAM/TSC cells Anti-EGFR antibody Rapamycin. 
Nodule sizes were measured in mice lungs 30 weeks after cell administration (LAM/TSC cells) and following anti-EGFR antibody or rapamycin treatment. 
Data are expressed as mean ± SEM. * P < 0.05 versus mice 30 weeks after cell administration. 
No. Enzyme description (name) Gene name Metabolic pathway Ratio (HepG2.2.15/HepG2) P value. 
Note: *Fold change is greater than 10 without P value, as just one high quality peptide is quantified. More information can be found in Table S4 . 
MiRNA Role in AD pathophysiology Evidence in AD patients References. 
Some of the miRNAs most commonly associated with AD . 
Product name Mechanism of inhibition. 
Hedgehog inhibitors. 
Abbreviations: FDA, US Food and Drug Administration; SHH, Sonic hedgehog; SMO, Smoothened. 
Drug Condition Phase Clinical trial number Status. 
Clinical trials involving hedgehog inhibitors. 
Abbreviations: AML, acute myeloid leukemia; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; CMML, chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; CP, chronic phase; MF, myelofibrosis; MPN, myeloproliferative neoplasms; CML, chronic myeloid leukemia; CLL, chromic lymphocytic leukemia; SCT, stem cell transplant; Ph+, Philadelphia chromosome positive (BCR-ABL); TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; LDAC, low dose cytarabine. 
Class II phosphorylation sites enriched for GO term GTPase regulator activity (GO:0030695) at 1 min after DIF-1 treatment. 
Phosphorylation sites are color coded based on their largest fold change: red, dephosphorylation; blue, phosphorylation. 
*Class I site. 
Protein Site Annotation Largest fold change (log2)a Site class Reference dictyBase ID. 
cAMP-regulated phosphorylation sites also shown to be DIF-1 regulated. 
aNegative values indicate dephosphorylation. 
Group Treatment Dose of topotecan (mg/kg) Dose of oxaliplatin (mg/kg) No. animals per group No. animals per necropsy time point (Hours)      1 6 24. 
Study design . 
Histopathology of the bone marrow . 
Probe ID Symbol Entrez gene name Pattern number Control D5W Control NaCl Topotecan followed by D5W Oxaliplatin followed by NaCl Toptecan followed by oxaliplatin Oxaliplatin followed by topotecan NaCl followed by oxaliplatin D5W followed by topotecan. 
List of representative pattern-specific genes showing at least 4-fold increase from the average of their respective controls 24 h after treatment . 
Probe ID Symbol Entrez gene name Pattern number Control D5W Control NaCl Topotecan followed by D5W Oxaliplatin followed by NaCl Toptecan followed by oxaliplatin Oxaliplatin followed by topotecan NaCl followed by oxaliplatin D5W followed by topotecan. 
List of representative pattern-specific genes showing at least 4-fold decrease from the average of their respective controls 24 h after treatment . 
Cells DACE Staurosporine IC50 a (CI 95%) IC50 a (CI 95%). 
ND = Not determined, since staurosporine was more cytotoxic toward normal NIH3T3 cell line. 
aIC50 (?M): inhibitory concentration of 50% cell growth was calculated through a nonlinear fit-curve (log of compound concentration versus normalized response—variable slope). 
bSelectivity index: calculated as IC50 NIH3T3(wild-type)/IC50 NIH3T3(v-RAF) or IC50 NIH3T3(wild-type)/IC50 NIH3T3(k-RAS). 
T4 T24 Gene name FC 1 Adj.P.Val FC 1 Adj.P.Val. 
List of the 10 genes found DE at T4 and T24 upon LPS stimulation. 
1FC: fold change. 
2Putative annotation following BLAST search for sequence similarities: Oryctolagus cuniculus phytanoyl-CoA 2-hydroxylase (NCBI Accession number: LOC100338511, info on BLAST score). 
3Putative annotation following BLAST search for sequence similarities: Oryctolagus cuniculus phytanoyl-CoA 2-hydroxylase (NCBI Accession number: LOC100344679; info on BLAST score). 
4No available annotation. 
Activities Organism Compound/extract Reference. 
Drug or stimulus Administration Model Areas (or origin) Duration GDNF detection GDNF levels Reference. 
In vivo and in vitro pharmacological tests employed to modulate the endogenous GDNF production . 
VM, ventral midbrain; SN, substantia nigra; St, striatum; i.p., intraperitoneal; i.c., intracranial; i.g., intragastric; s.c. subcutaneous; Ctx, cortex; ELISA, enzyme-linked immunosorbant assay; WB, western blot; Q RT-PCR, quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction; ISH, in situ hybridization; IHC, immunohistochemistry . 
Categorizations of the RPMA protein hits . 
Proteins that showed a relative fold change on RPMA arrays of 1.5 and higher for total protein levels, or 2-fold and higher for phosphorylation levels, were divided into 4 main categories based on treatment conditions, as indicated by gray colored boxes. Each category was subdivided to account for the observed changes that occurred in response to more than one treatment condition. Category (1) designates protein hits that were identified only in response to infection with the virulent Y. pestis CO92 strain. Category 2 proteins designate significant responses to either the avirulent Y. pestis CO92 (Pgm-, Pst-) strain alone (2a), or to both the avirulent and virulent strains (2b). Category 3 proteins designate significant responses to either heat-killed Yp (HK-CO92) only (3a), or to both HK-CO92 and the avirulent strain (3b), or to all three HK-CO92, avirulent strain, and virulent strain treatments (3c). Category 4 proteins designate significant responses to LPS alone (4a), or to both LPS and one or more of the other treatment conditions, which includes LPS and Y. pestis CO92 (4b), LPS, Y. pestis CO92, and HK-CO92 (4c), or all 4 treatments (4d) . 
Protein hits identified by RPMA and their proposed functions in the context of Yp infection . 
Proteins with significant changes relative to the control condition are listed. For each protein, the observed changes at specific post infection times are indicated. Green color represents significant decrease (?2-fold decrease for total protein levels and ?1.5-fold decrease for phosphorylation events) and red color represents significant increase. Light red represents a 1.5 to 3-fold increase for phosphorylation events and 2 to 3-fold increase for total protein levels. Medium red represent a 3 to 6-fold increase for either phosphorylation or total protein level changes. Dark red color, assigned only to one protein at the 1 h time point [Histone H3, Di-Methyl (Lys 9)], represents an 11-fold increase in total level of this protein. Category designations for each time point has been indicated based on the categorization scheme of Table 1 . The left side columns indicate possible functional outcomes of the observed protein changes based on the known roles of the proteins. Asterisks denote proteins that fall into different categories at different time points. 
Novel proteins Functional relevance Category. 
Discovery of novel hits and validation of previous findings in the context of Yp infection . 
Novel protein hits discovered through the RPMA analysis and protein hits that have been previously implicated for relevance to the process of Yersinia infections are listed. For the novel hits, the affected pathways in which they are known to be involved are indicated; the bold type highlights those pathways that are implicated by the specific RPMA changes observed for these proteins during Yp infection. Previously reported proteins are separated based on whether the studies had been performed in the context of Yp infection or infection with other Yersinia species, as well as studies that were based on treatment with recombinant Yp proteins or cell transfections . 
  wt Ras C118S Ras wt Ras-SNO treatment GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction) GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction) GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction). 
The values with SD of the rate constant and the span of GDP dissociation from wt Ras and C118S Ras with and without Cdc25 and/or KO2 were taken from Figure 2 . The values with SD of the rate constant and the span of GDP dissociation from wt Ras and C118S Ras, with and without Cdc25 in the presence of KO2 and SOD, were obtained, with one exception, as described in Figure 2 . The exception is that the Ras-containing assay vial was pretreated with SOD (5000 units), as noted in Materials and Methods . The values with SD of the rate constant and the span of GDP dissociation from wt Ras and C118S Ras, with and without Cdc25 in the presence of H2O2, were obtained as described in Figure 2 , except that H2O2 (10 ?M) was used instead of KO2. All listed values with SD of the rate constant and the span of GDP dissociation from wt Ras-SNO, with and without Cdc25, KO2, and/or H2O2 in the presence and absence of SOD, also were determined, with one exception, as described in Figure 2 and in this Table 2 ; the exception was the use of wt Ras-SNO instead of C118S Ras. To examine the significance of the potential similarity or difference among these rate constant values listed in Table 1, t tests with P < 0.05 were performed as described in Materials and Methods . Briefly, any values denoted by the letter “a” correspond to other values denoted with “a”. The same is true for the values denoted with the letters “b”, “c”, “d”, and “e”. However, any values denoted with “a” differ from the values denoted by “b”, “c”, “d”, and “e”. The same applies for “b” with “c”, “d”, and “e”; and for “c” with “d” and “e”; and for “d” with “e”. All of the t test results associated with the rate constants were exactly the same with the t test results for the corresponding span values. Therefore, for clarity of presentation, the t tests for the span value analyses are not shown. ND, not determined. 
  C51S C51S/C118S C80S full-length wt Ras C181S/C184S treatment GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction) GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction) GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction) GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction) GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction). 
Data for the rate constants and the spans of GDP dissociation with the SD from C51S and C51/C118S Ras mutants were taken from Figure 4 . The values with SD of the rate constants and the spans of GDP dissociation from C80S and C181S/C184S Ras mutants were obtained as described in Figure 4 , except that C80S and C181S/C184S Ras mutants were used instead of C51S and C51/C118S Ras mutants. As with the values in Table 1 , t tests with P < 0.05 were performed to evaluate the potential similarities or differences among the kinetic values. Table 2 is a continuation of Table 1 . Therefore, the letters adopted in Table 1 continue to be used in Table 2. Also, the implications of the letters in Table 2 are exactly the same as in Table 1 . For example, data denoted by the letter “a” in Table 2 are the same as the values denoted with “a” in Tables 1 and 2. Conversely, data denoted with a letter “a” in both Tables 1 and 2 differ from other values denoted with other letters, such as “b”, in both Tables 1 and 2. This also applies to other letters in Tables 1 and 2. Notice that the letter “e” in Table 1 does not occur in Table 2. This is because Table 2 contains no equivalent value associated with the letter “e” of Table 1 . Finally, there is no comparable value in Tables 1 and 2 for the value with the letter “f” of Table 2 within Tables 1 and 2. 
  wt Rac1 wt RhoC treatment GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction) GDP dissociation rate constants (10–3 s–1) span (fraction). 
The kinetic values of the rate constants and the spans for GDP dissociation from wt Rac1, in the presence and absence of Vav2 DPC and KO2, were taken from Figure 6 . The kinetic values of the rate constants and the spans for GDP dissociation from wt RhoC in the presence and absence of Dbs DH/PH and KO2 also were obtained as described in Figure 6 , except that wt RhoC was used instead of wt Rac1. To evaluate the significance of the potential similarities and differences among the rate constant values listed within Table 3, t tests with P < 0.05 were performed as described in Materials and Methods . Any rate constant values that refer to the letter “a” are the same as other values coupled with the same letter “a”. This also applies to all other letters used within Table 3. However, any values denoted with “a” differ from the values denoted with “b” and “c”. The values denoted by “b” also differ from the values associated with the letter “c”. For presentation clarity, only the t tests for the rate constants are shown. However, all of the t test results associated with the rate constants were exactly the same as the t test results for the span values that correspond to the rate constants. ND, not determined. 
Target gene 5' primer 3' primer. 
Oligonucleotides sequence of 5' and 3' primers. 
PK properties MaAbNA MaAbNA-PEG2000-ADM. 
Pharmacokinetic properties estimated by two-compartmental model analysis following intravenous bolus injection of MaAbNA and MaAbNA-PEG2000-ADM to rats. 
Data are expressed as mean ± SD (n = 6). *P < 0.05, **P < 0.01, MaAbNA vs MaAbNA-PEG2000-ADM. Abbreviations: AUC, area under the curve; CL, clearance; MRT, mean residence time; Vdss, steady state volume of distribution. 
Functions controlled by PTEN PTEN activity involved PTEN domain involved PI3K/AKT dependency References. 
Selected cell functions controlled by specific PTEN activities/domains and their dependency on regulation of the PI3K pathway . 
aPTEN effects on cell motility are related to the PI3K-dependent formation/degradation of localized intracellular PIP3 gradients, as well as to the PI3K-independent dephosphorylation of FAK, SHC, and SRC family members . 
bPTEN-Long is a translational variant of PTEN endowed with lipid phosphatase activity and the additional 173 aminoacids at the N-terminus constitute a secretion sequence that allows the protein to exit, exist, and function outside the cell . 
cPTEN? is a N-terminally extended form of PTEN that localizes to the mitochondria and regulates mitochondrial metabolism through the induction of cytochrome c oxidase activity and ATP production . 
Malignancy type Increased risk in PHTS Molecular mechanism(s) of PTEN alteration Prognostic/therapeutic implications of PTEN loss References. 
Incidence and prognostic significance of PTEN alterations in PHTS and sporadic human cancers . 
PHTS, PTEN hamartoma tumor syndromes; LR, lifetime risk; LOH, loss of heterozygosity; ATC, anaplastic thyroid carcinoma; ccRCC, clear cell renal cell carcinoma; chRCC, chromophobe renal cell carcinoma; DSS, disease-specific survival; VEGFR-TKI, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; mAbs, monoclonal antibodies; XP, xeroderma pigmentosum; LD, Lhermitte–Duclos syndrome; miR, misro-RNA; OS, overall survival; T-ALL, T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia; HBV, hepatitis B virus; HCV, hepatitis C virus; ?FP, alpha fetoprotein; PR, progesterone receptor; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin . 
Receptor Detection method In vivo model Observation Reference. 
Renin-angiotensin system (RAS) G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) in breast cancer. 
NEK2A interaction protein Detection method Function Reference number. 
NEK2A interaction proteins and their functions. 
Cancer type NEK2A upregulation Detect method Reference number. 
Aberrant expression of NEK2A in different cancers. 
Proteins or signaling pathways interact with NEK2A The relationship with NEK2A Function Reference number. 
Signaling involved in the tumorigenic function of NEK2A. 
MicroRNA Targets Functions Associated condition References. 
Specific microRNAs regulating endothelial functions. 
EPCs: endothelial progenitor cells, eNOS: endothelial nitric oxide synthase, ECs: endothelial cells, VCAM-1: vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, SPRED1: sprouty-related protein 1, VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor, ET-1: endothelin 1, EDN-1: ET-1 gene, HDL: high-density lipoprotein, ICAM-1: intracellular adhesion molecule 1, NOX4: NADPH oxidase-4, SA ? -gal: senescence-associated ? -galactosidase, MAP3K7: mitogen-activated kinase kinase kinase 7, ? TRC: ? -transducin repeat-containing gene, MCP-1: monocyte chemoattachment protein 1, FN: fibronectin, HUVECs human umbilical vein endothelial cells, Ang II: angiotensin II, PTEN: phosphatase and tensin homologue, PPAR ? : peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor-?. 
genes Sequence. 
A The total number of the five motif types identified for cancer networks and STNs  ARL FBL FFL bi-fan SIM. 
approach motif AML Glioma Melanoma NSCLC PC RCC. 
A comparison of motif finding by the adjacency matrix approach and FANMOD. 
§given a fixed motif size, the italic and underlined fonts denote the results uisng adjacency matrix approach are consistent with those of FANMON, i.e. true positive or true negative events. 
* the first number denotes the number of identified motifs, the number inside the parenthesis denotes the total number of motif pattern found in the cancer type. 
Cancer ARL FBL FFL Bi-fan SIM. 
Cancer-related motifs that are reported in literature. 
FBL-FBL FFL-FFL bi-fan-bi-fan FBL-FFL FBL-bi-fan FFL-bi-fan size max deg BRC DC. 
The results of the six types of CMS for cancer networks and STNs. 
Cancer miRNA FBL FFL bi-fan. 
Mirna-regulated cancer network motifs. 
Annotation cluster Enrichment source Involving genes % of the total genes. 
The gene set enrichment analysis results for the AML network motifs. 
Annotation cluster Enrichment source Involving genes % of the total genes. 
The gene set enrichment analysis results for the NSCLC network motifs. 
AML Glioma Melanoma NSCLC PC RCC. 
The Jaccard index for crosstalking of six cancer networks and 13 stns. 
miRNA Target Function Number of samples a Reference. 
List of major tumor suppressive microRNAs in breast cancer. 
Metastasis-suppressive miRs are indicated in bold. aWhen applying more than one reference, we focused on the study with the most relevant number of investigated patient samples. The other studies serve as validation and confirm the results. CCNJ, cyclin J; CK2-?, casein kinase 2-alpha; Cx43, connexin 43; ENPEP, glutamylaminopeptidase or aminopeptidase A; EPO, erythropoietin; EPOR, erythropoietin receptor; ERBB2, Receptor tyrosine-protein kinase erbB-2 (human epidermal growth factor receptor 2); HMGB3, high-mobility group box 3 gene; IGFBP2, insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 2; MEGF9, multiple EGF-like domains 9; Mekk2, mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 2; MERTK, c-Mer tyrosine kinase; miRNA, microRNA; NFkB, nuclear factor kappa B; NK, natural killer; PITPNC1, phosphatidylinositol transfer protein, cytoplasmic 1; RhoA, Ras homolog gene family; SNAI1/2, snail family zinc finger 1/2; SOX4, SRY-related HMG-box 4; STAT3, signal transducer and activator of transcription 3; TNC, tenascin C; WAVE3, WAS protein family, member 3; ZEB1/2, zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 1/2. 
miRNAs associated with negative outcome miRNA Case cohort Validation cohort Reference Detection Cells of origin Number of samples Technique Number of samples. 
List of negative prognostic microRNA signatures in breast cancer. 
BC, breast cancer; ER, estrogen receptor; IDC, invasive ductal carcinoma; LN, lymph node; LNA, Locked Nucleic Acid; miRNA, microRNA; NR, not reported; qRT-PCR, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction; TNBC, triple-negative breast cancer. 
Mutational status of tumor PFS (Days) PI3K (% change) pPI3K (% change) IGF1R (% change) pMEK (% change) cMET (% change) pERK (% change) pAKT (% change). 
Changes in protein expression of various biomarkers and their mutational status and progression free survival. 
Wt – Wild-type. 
Negative % change reflects downregulation; positive % change reflects upregulation. 
*Mann Whitney U test (2-tailed) of PFS between patient populations with upregulated or downregulated protein expression. 
Cytokines Sample Expression References. 
The expression of cytokines in different samples of autistic patients. 
PBMCs: peripheral blood mononuclear cells; AF: amniotic fluid; CSF: cerebrospinal fluid; TGF: transforming growth factor; EGF: epidermal growth factor; BDNF: brain-derived neurotrophic factor; GM-CSF: granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor. 
Receptor T or B Cell Distribution Ligand. 
Representative immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif (ITIM) receptors expressed on T and B cells. 
Nr Age Sex Status R1A R2 R3 R4 R5A R5C R6 R7 R8 R9 R10. 
RASSF promoter methylation in sporadic (SP) and hereditary (MP) pheochromocytoma . 
f, female; m, male; b, benign; m, malign; 1(gray), methylated promoter; 0, unmethylated promoter; n.a., not analyzed . 
R1A a R2 R3 R4 R5A R5C R6 R7 R8 R9 R10. 
Summary of RASSF promoter methylation . 
aDammann et al. (2005) . 
? Number of patients (%). 
Clinicopathological characteristics of cases. 
Group EGFR mean score P value pERK1/2 positivity (%) P value p-STAT3 positivity (%) P value p-Akt positivity (%) P value ERCC1 positivity (%) P value. 
Expression of EGFR, p-ERK1/2, p-STAT3, ERCC1, and Akt by immunohistochemistry, and clinicopathological characteristics in 96 patients with lung adenocarcinoma. 
*Predominantly solid or acinar cribriform tumors (high grade) versus other subtypes. 
Term Number of genes P -value (not corrected). 
Molecular function enrichment analysis of early, mid and late genes. Analysis was performed using the STRING database. Gene ontology biological processes of the top 15 enriched functions are shown ( P -value, without correction). MAP, mitogen-activated protein; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase. 
mRNA decay half-life (h)   Gene Cell type Ligand Ligand only Ligand + ActD Ligand + U0126 mRNA stability Number of ‘ATTTA’ motif. 
qRT-PCR analysis to determine the mRNA decay half-life of representative late response genes. The cells were stimulated with growth factor ligands (EGF or HRG) for 4 h, and then ActD (mRNA synthesis inhibitor) or U0126 (MEK inhibitor). The mRNA decay rate (decay half-life) was derived as described in the Materials and methods. The data are the mean ± SD. NA, not applicable. The shortest duration of ligand/inhibitor combination in each cell type is shown in bold. 
PP2A subunit or regulator miR identified Cancer or disease involved Reference. 
List of miRs reported that regulate PP2A subunit or regulators . 
Listed are reported miRs that target the PP2A catalytic core subunits A and C, various regulatory B subunits, and cellular inhibitors SET and CIP2A. Cancer or disease state associated with each report is listed . 
Classification of mutations found in hematological malignancies. 
Novel mutations identified in hematological malignancies. 
Gene FACS, cerebral astrocytes* Cultured astrocytes FACS or otherwise identified cerebral neurons*+ Brain (different regions) Raphe. 
Some genes affected by chronic fluoxetine treatment in different brain preparations . 
*The cells isolated by FACS were freshly obtained (see text) from mice treated for 2 weeks with fluoxetine hydrochloride, 10 mg/kg per day, i.p. The cultured cells were treated with fluoxetine concentrations between 1 and 10 ?M. for 14 days. For brain and raphe the treatment varied between 7 and 14 days (e., 14 days for sPLA 2, but 7 days for GluK2). +FACS unless otherwise indicated. **present at low density in cultured hippocampal neurons (Li et al., 2011a ) . 
Probeset ID Definition 2 h 6 h 12 h 24 h   P -value Fold-change P -value Fold-change P -value Fold-change P -value Fold-change. 
Selected genes with expression changes passing the filter of fold change >2.0 and FDR <0.05 in at least one time point for Fasudil-treated compared with untreated astrocytes . 
Gene expression data are from NCBI's Gene Expression Omnibus and are accessible through GEO Series accession number GSE25829 (Lau et al., 2012 ). The FDR threshold of 0.05 corresponds to a P-value of 5.2 × 10 ?3, 01.47 × 10 ?2, 5.55 × 10 ?3 and 1.72 × 10 ?3 for the 2, 6, 12, and 24 h time points, respectively. P-value passing the FDR threshold at each time point are italicized . 
miRNA classification Histopathology Total   PTCL/NOS AITL  . 
Abbreviations: ALCL/ALK?, anaplastic large-cell lymphoma ALK? AITL, angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma; LR, likelihood ratio; NPV, negative predictive value; PPV, positive predictive value; PTCL/NOS, peripheral T-cell lymphoma/not otherwise specified; SP, specificity; ST, sensitivity. 
microRNA Mouse model of kidney diseases Pathological output References. 
Roles of microRNAs in animal models of kidney diseases . 
EMT, epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition; DN, diabetic nephropathy; ISIS, ischemia reperfusion injury; STZ, streptozotocin; UUO, Unilateral Ureteral Obstruction . 
|Fold change| Target metabolite Day 1 Change in expression 2 RS: control 3 P -value 4. 
List of significant metabolites correlated with lignocellulolytic metabolic cascade during optimized Phanerochaete chrysosporium fermentation with rice straw. 
Culture period prior to analysis when the significant change was observed. 
Relative expression of RS compared to that of control (no substrate). 
Relative fold change ratio of the targets between RS and control. 
P -value was calculated using paired t -test. 
|Fold change| Target gene Putative function 1 Change in expression 2 RS: Control 3 P -value 4. 
List of significant genes correlated with lignocellulolytic regulatory and metabolic system during optimized Phanerochaete chrysosporium fermentation with rice straw. 
The putative functions of the selected genes of P. chrysosporium were assigned based on the US Department's Joint Genome Institute database. 
Relative expression of RS compared to that of control (no substrate). 
Relative fold change ratio of the targets between RS and control. 
P -value was calculated using paired t -test. 
Type ROS 1 (mmol/L) Extracellular activity of key enzymes (U/L or U/mg protein) Lignin peroxidase Manganese peroxidase Glyoxal oxidase Aryl-alcohol oxidase Ferroxidase 2 ? -glucosidase Cellobiose dehydrogenase Xylanase Manganese superoxide dismutase Catalase P450-oxidoreductase Glutathione 3. 
Bottom-up analysis of core lignocellulolytic enzymes in optimized Phanerochaete chrysosporium biodegradation after 15 days. 
Reactive oxygen species; here H2O2. 
It contains the activity of multicopper oxidase. 
Glutathione/Glutathione disulfide ratio. 
Type Total solid (dry wt. basis) Change of core components (g/L) (before/after) Fermentable sugar (g/L) Index of evaluation Lignin Cellulose (g glucan) Hemicellulose (g xylan) Glucose 1 % Sugar 2 % Ethanol 3. 
Industrial mass balance in optimized Phanerochaete chrysosporium biosystem after 15 days. 
Soluble glucose from the cellulosic substrates during the SSF. 
% Theoretical maximum glucose yield from the enzymatic hydrolysis. 
% Theoretical maximum ethanol yield from the SSF. 
Genes GenBank accession no. Homolog species Identity (%) Functions Dot blot analysis BT RT. 
cDNA sequences of transcripts revealed by suppressive subtractive hybridization of infected brown trout-tester and infected rainbow trout-driver (i.e., forward subtraction). 
BT brown trout, RT rainbow trout, UR upregulated, DR downregulated, UN unchanged. 
Genes GenBank accession no. Homolog species Identity (%) Functions Dot blot analysis BT RT. 
cDNA sequences of transcripts revealed by suppressive subtractive hybridization of infected rainbow trout-tester and infected brown trout-driver (i.e., reverse subtraction). 
BT brown trout, RT rainbow trout, UR upregulated, DR downregulated, UN unchanged. 
  WT G12C G12D G12V G13C G13D A18D Q61H K117N. 
Minus sign indicates no observed effect. 
Plus sign indicates observed effect. 
ND, not done. 
BC, breast cancer subtype. 
#As determined by western blotting; only signalling proteins with observed effects under starved conditions are listed. 
TPV recombinant Gene ablated Gene added Reporter (s). 
Viruses made using the p2KO ablation / insertion vector. 
All viruses expressed the fluorescent reporter mCherry with the exception of TPV/ egfp , which was modified to express fluorescent reporter EGFP but had no other genetic modifications. “Gene added” refers to an ORF added and expressed other than the fluorescent reporter. The TPV/? 2L /? 66R / fliC double-ablated recombinant TPV expressed both EGFP and mCherry. 
COMPARISON OF THE FREE CELL PERIOD (FCP) vs. THE ATTACHMENT PERIOD (AP) Pathway ID Pathway DEGs with pathway annotation (648) All genes with pathway annotation (2143) P -value Q -value *. 
Overview of significantly enriched KEGG-pathways in biofilms . 
Pathways with Q-values ? 0.05 were significantly enriched in differentially expressed genes (DEGs) . 
Module ID Term Count P-value. 
Biological function analysis of differentially expressed genes in the top three modules of the protein-protein interaction network. 
GO, gene ontology. 
Tumors without membrane Src (n = 110) Tumors with membrane Src (n = 149). 
Adeno Ca (n = 17) Control (n = 13) p-value †. 
Definition of abbreviations : Adeno Ca = adenocarcinoma. 
Mean and standard deviation (SD) were calculated. 
†p-values calculated using Student's t-test or Fisher exact test. 
‡Missing pack-years for 1 subject. 
Pten +/+ Pten +/? RD HC RD HC. 
Plasma biochemistry. 
Mice were fed HC for 6 months and their fasting plasma biochemistry was determined together with visceral obesity and body weight. Data are expressed as mean ± SEM (n = 8–14 mice/group). * p  < 0.0125 vs RD per mouse group and † p  < 0.0125 vs same feeding regimen in Pten +/+. 
4 Months 7 Months Pten +/+ Pten +/? Pten +/+ Pten +/? RD (n = 28) HC (n = 24) RD (n = 24) HC (n = 25) RD (n = 14) HC (n = 27) RD (n = 15) HC (n = 14). 
High-calorie diet induces mPIN progression. 
Ventral and dorsolateral lobes of the prostate were excised from Pten +/+ and Pten +/? mice fed either RD or HC for 3 or 6 months. mPIN lesions were scored in H&E stained sections by at least 2 certified pathologists. Numbers represent percentage per total mice examined per group. Numbers in parentheses represent absolute number of mice. 
Frequence and the impact on overall survival of the different molecular markers in RTOG 9402 (Cairncross 2014). 
Upfront glioblastoma vaccine trials. 
Chemotherapy regimens: Recurrent glioblastoma. 
Bevacizumab containing chemotherapy regimens: Recurrent glioblastoma. 
Survival based on the 1p/19q codeletion status in the RTOG 9402 and EORTC 26951 trials. 
Phase II studies of newly diagnosed anaplastic oligodendroglioma and oligoastrocytoma treated with Temozolomide. 
Main cohorts and phase II studies of newly diagnosed anaplastic glioma treated with radiotheray and chemotherapy. 
Bevacizumab in recurrent anaplastic glioma. 
Genetic alterations in primary and secondary glioblastoma. 
Molecular classification of glioblastoma. 
Elderly glioblastoma trials. 
Bevacizumab in newly diagnosed glioblastoma. 
Protein Score Previous report. 
JNK1 kinase specificity in the ETS family. 
Scoring and previous reports for JNK, as in Table  1 . 
Protein Score Previous report. 
p38? kinase specificity in the ETS family. 
Scoring and previous reports for p38, as in Table  1 . 
List of identified modifications at Cys residues. 
Modification list of GAPDH peptide (146IISNASCTTNCLAPLAK162) containing active site cysteine (Seo et al., 2008 ). 
Predicted element composition of mass shift of Cys in GAPDH and NDPK A (Jeong et al., 2011). 
Summary of cysteine modifications observed in cellular GAPDH purified from HEK293 cells by immuno-precipitation and by tandem MS spectrometry. 
Peptide m / z and calculated mass, and detected nominal mass changes at 152C/156C and 247C residues were presented (Jeong et al., 2011 ). 
Modification list of peptide containing active site cysteine in PRDX6, identified by UPLC-ESI-q-TOF tandem MS in liver tissue of C57BL/6J (B6) and C3H/HeJ (C3H) mouse strains (Jeong, Lee, & Lee, Jeong et al., 20122012). 
Cell culture conditions were as described in the body of the manuscript, with the exception that CDRi genes were not treated with LPS. For each sample, 350–550 cells were counted. 
Cell culture conditions were as described in the body of the manuscript, with the exception that cells were not treated with LPS. For each sample, 350–550 cells were counted. 
TF, transcription factor. 
Cell culture conditions were as described above, with the exception that CDRi genes were not treated with LPS. For each sample, 350–550 cells were counted. Controls (+ LPS and ?LPS) are the average of five independent experiments. EDRi genes were defined as having greater than or equal to twice +LPS control induction levels. DDRi genes were defined as having less than or equal to 40% of +LPS control induction levels. CDRi genes were defined as having greater than or equal to four times ?LPS control levels. Results were reproducible for all genes subjected to further analysis. 
Targets  Drugs Action. 
Therapeutic targets and relative drugs in preclinical studies of fragile X syndrome . 
Drugs Action Study designs Publications. 
Drugs in clinical trials of fragile X syndrome . 
† www.fragilex.org. 
Agent or Approach Sponsor Action. 
Current preclinical trials in Mecp2 deficient mice . 
Agent Results Trial outcome Sponsor Type. 
Current clinical trials in RTT individuals . 
Gene Accession number Previous IDs Sequence Number of nucleotides Predicted targets Validated targets. 
Basic information on hsa-miR-181a-1 gene ( MIR181A1 ) retrieved from miRBase 21. 
Signaling pathway Gene count % P -value FDR. 
The KEGG pathways by DAVID for the target list of hsa-miR-181a-5p based on miRTarBase. 
Abbreviations: DAVID, Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery; FDR, false discovery rate; KEGG, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Gene symbol Full name Alias Function. 
Combined targets of hsa-miR-181a-5p with experimental evidence based on both TarBase and miRTarBase 4.0. 
Abbreviations: FGF, fibroblast growth factor; HLA, human leukocyte antigen; IL, interleukin; miRNA, microRNA; mRNA, messenger RNA; NK cells, natural killer cells; ssDNA, single-stranded DNA; TGF, Transforming growth factor; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; UV, ultraviolet; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Category Term Gene count P -value FDR. 
The top enriched clusters (enrich score >1) by DAVID for the combined targets of hsa-miR-181a-5p from both TarBase 6.0 and miRTarBase 4.0. 
Abbreviations: DAVID, Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery; FDR, false discovery rate; GnRH, gonadotropin releasing hormone; IGF, insulin-like growth factor; IL, interleukin; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Signaling pathway Gene count % P -value FDR. 
KEGG pathways for the combined targets of hsa-miR-181a-5p based on TarBase 6.0 and miRTarBase 4.0. 
Abbreviations: FDR, false discovery rate; GnRH, gonadotropin releasing hormone; KEGG, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Gene symbol Name Tumor types (somatic) Tumor types (germline). 
Combined targets of hsa-miR-181a-5p based on TarBase 6.0 and miRTarBase 4.0, that are cancer genes. 
Abbreviations: ALL, acute lymphocytic leukemia; AML, adult acute myeloid leukemia; B-ALL, B-cell ALL; CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; CML, chronic myelogenous leukemia; DLBCL, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; JMML, juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; NHL, non-Hodgkin lymphoma; NSCLC, non-small-cell lung cancer; T-ALL, T-cell ALL; T-PLL, T-cell subtype of prolymphocytic leukemia. 
Tissue N ?Ct 2???Ct. 
Expression level of hsa-miR-181a in normal endometrium, endometrial hyperplasia, and EC. 
Note: ?Ct, normalized threshold cycle; 2???Ct, a method used to calculate relative changes in the gene expression determined from real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction experiments and it means the fold change. 
Abbreviations: ?Ct, normalized threshold cycle; EC, endometrial cancer. 
Tissue 2???Ct P. 
Differential expression level of hsa-miR181a in endometrium tissues. 
Note: 2???Ct: a method used to calculate relative changes in the gene expression determined from real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction experiments and it means the fold change. 
Pathological characteristics N ?Ct F P. 
Association between hsa-miR-181a expression and pathological characteristics of EC. 
Abbreviations: ?Ct, normalized threshold cycle; EC, endometrial cancer; FIGO, International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. 
Gene Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Sequences of the primers for the determination of hsa-miR-181a and U6. 
Tool Website (URL) Number of predicted targets/transcripts Examples of predicted targets Cancer genes. 
Predicted targets of hsa-miR-181a-5p by various predicting tools. 
Tool Website (URL) Number of predicted transcripts Examples of predicted targets Cancer genes. 
Predicted targets of hsa-miR-181a-3p by various predicting tools. 
Gene symbol Accession number Full name Alias Function Cancer gene. 
Targets of hsa-miR-181a-5p with experimental evidence based on TarBase 6.0. 
Abbreviations: CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; HLA, human leukocyte antigen; HSP, heat shock protein; IGF, insulin-like growth factor; IL, interleukin; mRNA, messenger RNA; NK cells, natural killer cells; ssDNA, single-stranded DNA; UV, ultraviolet. 
Category Term Gene count P -value FDR. 
The top enriched clusters (enrich score >1) by DAVID for the targets of hsa-miR-181a-5p from TarBase 6.0. 
Abbreviations: DAVID, Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery; FDR, false discovery rate. 
Signaling pathway Gene count % P -value FDR. 
The KEGG pathways by DAVID, for the target list of hsa-miR-181a-5p based on TarBase 6.0. 
Abbreviations: DAVID, Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery; FDR, false discovery rate; KEGG, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes. 
Gene symbol Accession Full name Alias Function Cancer gene. 
Targets of hsa-miR-181a-5p with experimental evidence based on miRTarBase 4.0. 
Abbreviations: CLL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia; HLA, human leukocyte antigen; IGF, insulin-like growth factor; IL, interleukin; mRNA, messenger RNA; NK cells, natural killer cells; ssDNA, single-stranded DNA; TGF, transforming growth factor; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; UV, ultraviolet. 
Category Term Gene count P -value FDR. 
The top enriched clusters (enrich score >1) by DAVID for the targets of hsa-miR-181a-5p from miRTarBase 4.0. 
Abbreviations: Bcl, B-cell lymphoma; BCR, B-cell receptor; DAVID, Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery; EGF, epidermal growth factor; EPO, erythropoietin; FDR, false discovery rate; IGF, insulin-like growth factor; IL, interleukin; NGF, nerve growth factor; PDGF, platelet-derived growth factor; TPO, thrombopoietin. 
Human studies Reference. 
Mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of hypertension induced by glucocorticoid excess in human studies. 
11?-HSD 2,11?-Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2; Ang II, angiotensin II; ANP, atrial natriuretic peptide; AT 1A, angiotensin type 1A receptor; CS, Cushing's syndrome; MR, mineralcorticoid receptor; NEP, neutral endopepeptidase; PGE2, prostaglandin E2; PGI2 prostacyclin; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor. 
Reference Study: no. of patients (hypertension) Drug dose Primary endpoint Effects on hypertension Adverse effects Follow-up. 
Recent registered clinical trials on novel treatments for Cushing's syndrome reporting effect on blood pressure and hypertension. 
AA, adrenal adenoma; AC, adrenal carcinoma; ACTH, adrenocorticotrophin; AIMAH, ACTH-independent macronodular hyperplasia; b.i.d., twice daily; CD, Cushing's disease; CS, Cushing's syndrome; ECS, ectopic ACTH syndrome; t.i.d., thrice daily; UFC, urinary free cortisol. 
Protein ID Protein description Peptide sequence SA flg22. 
GPR40, human G protein coupled receptor 40; Gpr40, rat G protein coupled receptor 40; Arrdc3, arrestin domain containing 3; Egr1, early growth response 1; Sgk1, serum/glucocorticoid regulated kinase 1; Pde4b, phosphodiesterase 4B, cAMP specific; Thbs1, thrombospondin 1. 
*RIN-40 LA, RIN-40 cells treated with 30 µ M Linoleic acid. 
p-value, nominal p value; pcorrected value, corrected by Benjamini-Hochberg. 
A Subset of RD-Pocket Variants Shown with Related Pathway and Reaction Data. 
The full set of variants can be found by executing example query 15 on the “Canonical RD Pocket” motif, located at http://vulcan.cs.uga.edu/prokino/query/Q15 or in Supp. Table S1 . 
A Subset of KE Salt Bridge Variants Shown with Related Pathway and Reaction Data. 
The full set of variants can be found by executing example query 16 on the “KE Salt Bridge” motif, located at http://vulcan.cs.uga.edu/prokino/query/Q16 or in Supp. Table S2 . 
A Subset of Regulatory Spine Variants Shown with Related Pathway and Reaction Data. 
The full set of variants can be found by executing example query 18 on the “Regulatory Spine” motif, located at http://vulcan.cs.uga.edu/prokino/query/Q18 or in Supp. Table S3 . 
A Subset of Catalytic Spine Variants Shown with Related Pathway and Reaction Data. 
The full set of variants can be found by executing example query 17 on the “Catalytic Spine” motif, located at http://vulcan.cs.uga.edu/prokino/query/Q17 or in Supp. Table S4 . 
ncRNAs Cell Type Function Signaling upstream Signaling downstream Target genes Reference. 
List of microRNAs (miRNAs) and long ncRNAs (lncRNAs) associated with normal breast stem cells (SCs). 
ncRNAs Source Function Signaling upstream Signaling downstream Target genes Reference. 
List of miRNAs and lncRNAs associated with breast cancer stem cells (CSCs). 
Organ  Concentration (/ml). 
Distribution of lactoferrin in different body fluids. 
Description Number. 
Signaling pathways KO identifier No. of unigenes Mapped genes Known genes. 
C. elegans subunit Mammalian ortholog Alternative C. elegans names Sequence number Module ( 14,15 ) Known functions. 
The table lists the 29 putative C. elegans Mediator subunits, their mammalian orthologs, alternative names, sequence number, hypothetical location within Mediator (inferred from ( 14 )), and functions. Orthologs for MDT-16 and MDT-25 have not yet been identified and may be absent in C. elegans . The table is based on homologies described by Bourbon ( 13 ). 
Food Component Source Epigenetic or Cellular Effect Cancer Effect Reference. 
A summary of the epigenetic and anti-cancer effects of food components. 
COX 2 : cyclooxygenase-2 ; CRC: colorectal cancer; DHA: docosahexaenoic acid; DMNT: DNA methyl transferase; EPA: eicosapentaenoic acid; ER : Estrogen receptor ; FADS2: fatty acid desaturase 2; HDAC: histone deacetylase activity; hMLH1: human mutL homolog 1 ; IGF2 : insulin like growth factor 2 ; MGMT : O-6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase; MUFA: monounsaturated fatty acids; PCa: prostate cancer; PTEN : Phosphatase and tensin homolog ; PUFA: polyunsaturated fatty acids; RAR? : Retinoic acid receptor beta ; RASSF-1? : Ras association domain family 1 isoform ? ; TSG: tumour suppressor gene . 
Characteristics PCDH20 downregulation in tumour tissues P value  Yes ( n = 51) No ( n = 56). 
Correlation between PCDH20 mRNA level and clinicopathologic characteristics. 
N/A, not available. The number of patients was not identical in all features because of clinical data absence. Values in bold indicate significant P -value of <0.05. 
Renal Fibrotic Disease Causes Profibrotic Signalling Pathways Actual or Clinically Tested Treatments Literature. 
Renal fibrotic diseases and its actual or clinically tested treatments. 
DN: Diabetic nephropathy; DM: Diabetes mellitus; FSGS: Focal segmental glomeruloclerosis; RAAS: Renin angiotensin aldosterone system; suPAR: Serum soluble urokinase receptor; TWEAK/Fn14: TNF-like weak inducer of apoptosis/Fibroblast growth factor-inducible 14 system. 
Molecular Interaction Description/Some Examples References. 
LncRNA mechanisms of action based on molecular interaction with nucleic acids ( A , B ) and protein ( C ), adapted by permission from [ 12 ]. 
Groups Cases ? + ++ +++ Positive Cases Positive Rates (%). 
Expression of CD44, CD47 and c-met in ovarian clear cell carcinoma (OCCC). 
Characteristics Cases CD44 CD47 c-met Low High p -Value Low High p -Value Low High p -Value. 
Relationship between CD44, CD47 and c-met levels and clinicopathological features of OCCC. 
* Two cases of ovarian carcinoma patients without lymph node resection. 
Variables p -Value Hazard Radio (95% CI). 
Multivariate analysis of the prognosis of patients with OCCC. 
CD44 Cases CD47 c-met CD47 Cases c-met Negative Positive Negative Positive Negative Positive. 
The correlation between CD44, CD47 and c-met expression in OCCC. 
Groups Surgical Stage Lymph Node Metastasis * Chemotherapy Prognosis I/II III/IV p -Value No Yes p -Value Sensitive Resistant p -Value Live (>3 Years) Dead p -Value. 
Relationship between CD44/CD47, CD47/c-met and CD47/c-met levels and the clinicopathological features and prognosis of OCCC. 
* Two cases of ovarian carcinoma patients without lymph node resection;*, **, ***, **** cases of CD44-high/CD47-high vs. CD44-low/CD47-low; #, ##, ###, #### cases of CD44-high/c-met-high vs. CD44-low/c-met-low; &, &&, &&&, &&&& cases of CD47-high/c-met-high vs. CD47-low/c-met-low. 
Histological subgroup WHO grade KIAA1549:BRAF fusion described Average% fusion positive Other RAF fusion described BRAF V600E described Average% BRAF V600E positive Reference. 
Histological subgroups of low-grade and high-grade gliomas demonstrating in which tumors the BRAF gene fusion has been identified . 
MAPK pathway gene Gene fusion Exon variant Tumors fusion is present in WHO grade Reference. 
Gene fusions involving members of the MAPK pathway including BRAF and in which low-grade gliomas the fusions have been identified . 
PA, pilocytic astrocytoma; PMA, pilomyxoid astrocytoma; PXA, pleomorphic astrocytoma; DA, diffuse fibrillary astrocytoma; A, grade II astrocytoma not further specified; GG, ganglioglioma; SGCA, subependymal giant cell astrocytoma; ODG, oligodendroglioma; LGG, low-grade gliomas not further specified. A and ODG were found to have the KIAA1549:BRAF fusion in 6 of 118 cases and were thought to be misdiagnosed PA as they all followed a particularly benign clinical course ( 15 ) . 
Drug Target Tumor type Phase Problems reported Reference/trial identifier. 
Small molecule inhibitors currently in clinical trials to evaluate safety and efficacy in pediatric low-grade gliomas and other tumors . 
aDrugs marked are known to cross the blood–brain barrier and thus may be of use in gliomas. Information regarding trials can be found at http://clinicaltrials.gov/ using the trial identifiers quoted. Accessed: 27/08/2014 ( 78 ) . 
Cell line N D0 Dq SF2 SER. 
The parameters of a multitarget model based on clonogenic survival assay. 
Abbreviations: N, extrapolation number that measures the width of shoulder of the survival curve; D0, the dose that reduces cell survival to 37%; Dq, the intercept of the extrapolated high dose; SF2, surviving fraction at 2 Gy; SER, sensitivity enhancement ratio; IgG, immunoglobulin G; nimo, nimotuzumab. 
PDAC n = 32. 
TP53 codon72 genotype HWE MAF Author Year Sample size Pro/Pro Pro/Arg Arg/Arg Chi-square P value. 
Pro, proline; Arg, arginine; HWE, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium; MAF, minor allele frequency. 
MDM2 SNP309 genotype HWE MAF Author Year Sample size G/G G/T T/T Chi-square P value. 
HWE, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium; MAF, minor allele frequency. 
TP53 codon72 genotype HWE MAF  Sample size Pro/Pro Pro/Arg Arg/Arg Chi-square P value. 
Pro, proline; Arg, arginine; HWE, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium; MAF, minor allele frequency. 
MDM2 SNP309 genotype HWE MAF  Sample size G/G G/T T/T Chi-square P value. 
HWE, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium; MAF, minor allele frequency. 
Disease Chromosomal rearrangement Fusion protein Frequency (%) Reference. 
Chromosomal translocations and fusion proteins in hematologic malignancies involving ALK gene. 
ALCL; anaplastic large cell lymphoma, DLBCL; diffuse large B cell lymphoma; HL: Hodgkin lymphoma; ND; not determined. 
Values are presented as number (%) unless otherwise indicated. 
SD, standard deviation; WHO, World Health Organization; AJCC, American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
Values are presented as number (%). 
NS, no statistical significance; WHO, World Health Organization criteria; AJCC, American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
Values are presented as number (%). 
NS, no statistical significance; WHO, World Health Organization criteria; AJCC, American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
Values are presented as number (%). 
NS, no statistical significance; WHO, World Health Organization criteria; AJCC, American Joint Committee on Cancer. 
Cell line IC50 (?mol/L)   24 h 48 h 72 h. 
Each value represented the mean±SD of three independent experiments. 
b P <0.05,. 
c P <0.01 vs U937 cells. 
e P <0.05 vs RS-4-11 cells. Student's t-test. 
  Control Mock P A200 A400 A800 A800 + P A800 + A779 A800 + PD123319. 
* P < 0.05 vs. control. # P < 0.05 vs. mock. † P < 0.05 vs. perindopril (P). & P < 0.05 vs. high-dose Ang-(1–7) (800?ng·kg?1·min?1) (A800). 
A200 = Ang-(1–7) at 200?ng·kg?1·min?1; A400 = Ang-(1–7) at 400?ng·kg?1·min?1; E/A ratio = ratio of early to late left ventricular filling velocity; E'/A' ratio = ratio of early to late diastolic peak annular velocity; FS = fraction shortening; IVSth = intraventricular septal thickness; LVEDD = left ventricular end-diastolic diameter; LVEF = left ventricular ejection fraction; LVESD = left ventricular end-systolic diameter; LVPWth = left ventricular posterior wall thickness. 
  Control Mock P A200 A400 A800 A800 + P A800 + A779 A800 + PD123319. 
* P < 0.05 vs. control. # P < 0.05 vs. mock. † P < 0.05 vs. perindopril (P). & P < 0.05 vs. high-dose Ang-(1–7) (800?ng·kg?1·min?1) (A800). 
+dp/dt = maximal rate of pressure rise; ?dp/dt = maximal rate of pressure fall; LVEDP = left ventricular end-diastolic pressure; LVSP = left ventricular systolic pressure; other abbreviations are in Table 1 . 
Differentially expressed genes in the hippocampus of amyloid beta 1–40-injected Alzheimer's disease model rats compared with sham-operated rats ( n = 5). 
Evaluable for AXLNo. (%). 
Lesion origin AXL IHC score ( n , %)  0 1 2 3 p -value 1. 
p -values are calculated using Fisher's exact test (contingency tables). 
Cell line Time point 3 Effect Dose BGB324 Control IC25 IC50 IC75 IC90. 
RGS: Relative gap size. 
Effect: difference in gap size between BGB324-treated cells and control cells, calculated by dividing the mean relative gap size (RGS) of the BGB324-treated cells by the mean RGS of the control cells. A larger effect indicates a larger difference in gap size between BGB324-treated and control cells. 
Cell lines were treated for at least 40 h, and some cell lines could be evaluated at later time points. Effects are calculated from the latest evaluable time point per cell line. 
Migration assays were performed in three separate experiments. 
Effectors Gene Biological activity Effects on host cells. 
List of known virulence factors of V. parahaemolyticus. 
miRNA microarray TaqMan miRNA assay     Hp - GC (n=8) Hp + GC (n=8) Hp - Cont. (n=24) Hp + Cont. (n=24) Hp - GC (n=24) Hp + GC (n=28). 
Characteristics of the Subjects Used in the MicroRNA Microarray and TaqMan Assay Analyses. 
Data are presented as mean±standard error or number (%). Hp +, current active Helicobacter pylori infection if any one of these endoscopy-based tests are positive ( Campylobacter -like organism [CLO] test, culture, and histology); Hp -, the absence of H. pylori by both endoscopy-based tests and serological testing. 
miRNA, microRNA; Hp , Helicobacter pylori ; GC, gastric cancer group; Cont., noncancer controls. 
miRNA Fold change * p-value †  miRNA Fold change p-value. 
Differential Expression of 37 MicroRNAs between the H. pylori -Positive and H. pylori -Negative Gastric Cancer Tissue Samples. 
miRNA, microRNA; Hp , Helicobacter pylori ; GC, gastric cancer group. 
Fold change denotes reciprocal ratio, Hp + GC/ Hp - GC and Hp - GC/ Hp + GC. More than 2-fold changed hybridization signals were reserved for candidate miRNAs;. 
Differences in fold-change were considered statistically significant if the p-value of the one-way analysis of variance was <0.05;. 
Up in Hp + GC, upregulated in the cancerous regions of H. pylori -positive cancer;. 
Up in Hp - GC, upregulated in the cancerous regions of H. pylori -negative cancer. 
Stomach neoplasms * Assay ID ‡ Sequence  miRWalk HMDD Conserved miRNAs †. 
List of the Validation Assay Targets. 
miRNA, microRNA; Hp , Helicobacter pylori ; GC, gastric cancer group. 
The miRNA list of stomach neoplasms denotes the validated targets of two databases, miRWalk and HMDD. The validation study was conducted using seven conserved miRNAs;. 
Conserved miRNAs denotes overlapping miRNAs in the screened 37 miRNAs and the miRNA list from miRWalk and HMDD;. 
ID of TaqMan miRNA assays in miRBase version 19.0. RNU6B was used as an endogenous control. 
Upregulated genes Symbols R. 
List of upregulated and downregulated genes in GI (control, treatment with vehicle) relative to GII (experimental, melatonin supplementation). 
GI (Vehicle) GII (Melatonin). 
Mean and standard deviation from the mean of Per2 (period circadian clock 2), Cyp17a1 (17-alpha-monooxygenase), and Cyp19a1 (aromatase) expression measurements by immunohistochemistry in GI (vehicle) and GII (melatonin supplementation). 
* p <0.05 compared to GI. 
TDF# Genebank ID E value Max score Organism origin Size (bp) Description Identity Fold change         2.5 B -Al 2.5 B + Al 20 B - Al 20 B + Al. 
Note . 2.5 B - Al: 2.5 ?M B + 0 mM Al; 2.5 B + Al: 2.5 ?M B + 1.2 mM Al; 20 B - Al: 20 ?M B + 0 mM Al; 20 B + Al: 20 ?M B + 1.2 mM Al.Ratio means the ratio of different treatments to control (set as 1). Usually, the control was 2.5 B - Al. If TDF was not detected in the treatment, the control would be 2.5 B + Al and so on. 
0 means TDF was not detected in the treatment; + means TDF was detected only in the treatment. 
Values are means of 3 replicates. 
Differences among four treatments were analyzed by two (B) × two (Al) ANOVA. 
Within a row, values followed by different letters indicate a significant difference at P < 0.05. 
Total differentially expressed TDFs Al-toxicity-responsive TDFs 20 ?M B-responsive TDFs   2.5 ?M B 20 ?M B 0 mM Al 1.2 mM Al   Up Down Up Down Up Down Up Down. 
Brain region Control rats Iron-loaded rats P value  (nmol/g brain) . 
Rats were fed control (50 mg iron/kg diet) or iron-loading diet (10,000 mg iron as carbonyl iron per kg diet) for one month and euthanized. Brain samples were microdissected to quantify iron content in different brain regions by non-heme iron analysis. Data were presented as means ± SEM (n = 5–6 per group) and were analyzed using two-sample t -test. 
Drug PDGF-B; p53 lossGFAP tv-aIC50 (?M) PDGF-B; p53 lossNestin tv-aPlate 1IC50 (?M) PDGF-B;p53 loss; Nestin tv-a; Plate 2IC50 (?M) PDGF-B;Cdkn2a null;H3.3 WTIC50 (?M) PDGF-B;Cdkn2a null H3.3K27MIC50 (?M) Average IC50 (?M) across all cell-lines. 
The top 10 hits in the in vitro drug screen in each of four distinct genetically engineered DIPG cell lines: 1) PDGF-B; p53 deficient DIPG cells induced in Gtv-a; p53fl/fl mice. 2) PDGF-B; p53 deficient DIPG cells induced in Ntv-a; p53fl/fl mice, 3) PDGFB; Ink4a-ARF deficient DIPG cells infected with H3.3 WT in vitro , 4) PDGFB; Ink4a-ARF deficient DIPG cells infected with H3.3 K27M in vitro . 
Target Kd (nM) BMS-754807. 
BMS-754807 targets with their respective dissociation constants (Kd). 
a Table is derived from Carboni et al . [ 29 ]. 
Variable Day 0 Day 7 Day 30 Day 45. 
Variation in serum lipids levels during the observational period. 
Data are expressed as median (25th to 75th percentile). Tc: total cholesterol, LDL-c: low density lipoprotein cholesterol, HDL-c: high density lipoprotein cholesterol, Tg: triglycerides. * P < 0.05 as compared to baseline level. ** P < 0.01 as compared to baseline level. *** P < 0.001 as compared to baseline level. **** P < 0.0001 as compared to baseline level. 
Sample IDs Sample IDs Sample IDs Sample IDs Sample IDs. 
TCGA sample IDs of 129 squamous cell lung carcinoma patients with gene expression, microRNA expression, DNA methylation, and CNV data. 
Growth promotors downregulated by SOD3 Gene Definition Reference. 
Growth promotors upregulated by SOD3 Gene Definition Reference. 
KEGG signaling pathway analysis Pathway p-value Genes Pathway description. 
Primers Direction Sequences. 
Primers used for plasmid construction. 
WT, wild-type. 
Target Sample (%) Copies Positives Negatives Accepted droplets. 
Detailed EGFR mutation detection results of the plasmid samples with 5–0.1% mutation abundance. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Sample name Gender Age, years NSCLC histology subtype Stage ARMS-qPCR ddPCR (copy numbers) Consistency. 
EGFR gene mutations in gDNA from samples of resected NSCLC tumors, as determined by the ARMS-qPCR and droplet digital PCR methods. 
EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; F, female; M, male; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; ARMS-qPCR, amplification refractory mutation system-based quantitative polymerase chain reaction; ddPCR, droplet digital polymerase chain reaction; WT, wild-type; Del, deletion. 
Gene Studies (n) Overall OR (95% CI) a I2 P value smoking/non-smoking NSCLC patients (n). 
I2 stands for heterogeneity;. 
P value stands for significant or insignificant results;. 
a: Overall OR describes the likelihood of gene methylation and smoking status observed in NSCLC patients;. 
# means only the genes over 3 studies or equal to 3 studies were displayed, the other genes were listed in Dataset 1. 
Biological role Reference Markers and methods Cohort Budding systematically assessed? Scoring method (reference) Results/relevance. 
Summary of studies examining tumor buds by immunohistochemistry . 
WTS, whole tissue sections; LR, local recurrence; SAC, serrated adenocarcinomas; CAC, conventional adenocarcinomas; MMRd, mismatch repair deficient; MMRp, mismatch repair proficient; LCM, laser capture microdissection . 
E3 ligase Target. 
E3 ligases involved in DDIA . 
DUB Target. 
DUBs involved in DDIA . 
Indirect stabilization, no direct deubiquitylation reported. 
Molecule Alteration References. 
Major molecular markers associated with the early diagnosis of gastric cancer. 
CEA, carcinoembryonic antigen; CA19-9, cancer antigen19-9; miR/miRNA, microRNA. 
Marker Alteration References. 
Major molecular markers associated with the prognosis of gastric cancer. 
MSI, microsatellite instability; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HER-2, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; TGF, transforming growth factor ?; IL, interleukin; Bcl-2, B-cell lymphoma-2; miR/miRNA, microRNA; Runx3, runt-related transcription factor 3; WNT5A, wingless-type MMTV integration site family, member 5A; SNP, single-nucleotide polymorphism. 
PTEN exon Forward primer 5?-3? Tm, °C GC % Reverse primer 5?-3? Tm, °C GC % Amplicon size, bp Initial temp, °C Final temp, °C. 
The primer pairs for every amplicon (forward and reverse), their corresponding melting and annealing temperatures, GC% and the polymerase chain reaction product size. 
PTEN, phosphatase and tensin homolog; bp, base pairs; Tm, melting temperature. 
Characteristics n/total %. 
Characteristics of the index patients (n=54). 
Two had no relatives with other cancers, but had other cancers themselves and thus qualified as CS-like family;. 
at least one FDR with more >1 different cancers. 
FIGO, International Federation of Obstetrics and Gynecology; FDR, first-degree relative. 
Gene name Primer sequences (5??3?). 
Oligonucleotide sequences of the primers used in RT-PCR. 
RT-PCR, reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; SOS1, son of sevenless; Grb2, growth factor receptor bound protein 2; GAPDH, glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase; F, forward; R, reverse. 
Gene rs NCBI Primer sequence Probe sequence. 
All the primers and probes used for genotyping of miR-SNPs. 
Notes: F: represents forward primer for PCR; R: represents reverse primer for PCR; S1 and S2 represent probes match to different allele of the SNP; S3 represents probes downstream of the SNP. 
Abbreviations: NCBI, National Center for Biotechnology Information; PCR, polymerase chain reaction; SNP, single-nucleotide polymorphism. 
Characteristic Case Control P -value. 
Clinical characteristics in patients with gastric cancer and controls. 
Variants Gene Genotype Case Control P -value OR 95% CI. 
miR-SNPs frequency difference between patients with gastric cancer and controls. 
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; miR-SNP, microRNA-related single-nucleotide polymorphism; OR, odds ratio. 
Simulation starting point Simulation time (ns) Residues forming hydrogen bonds with AR-C155858 in last 40 ns. 
Residues were identified using the GROMACS utility g_hbond over the final 40 ns of the simulations (allowing for equilibration). 
Proposed binding site residue MCT1 MCT2 MCT4. 
Sequences were aligned using Clustal?. Residues shown are from rat, but are conserved in each isoform across other species analysed (human, bovine, mouse). 
*Residues show non-conservative changes relative to MCT1. 
Genes Sign. probes Total probes P values Gene function. 
Hypermethylated genes selected for pyrosequencing validation. 
Gene name Function miRNA miRNA expression in HCC. 
Examples of transcription factors/regulators targeted by some miRNAs examined in this study. 
KEGG_Subcategory Expected Observed P value (FDR) miRNAs miRNA expression Target genes. 
KEGG pathway enrichment analysis for the deregulated miRNA target set. 
Note: This table was generated using the GeneTrail enrichment for the miRNA targets on the KEGG database. Expected indicates the random effect of the targets in the pathway and observed means the actual effect of the targets in the pathway. 
TRANSFAC_Subcategory Expected Observed P value (FDR) Genes. 
TRANSFAC enrichment analysis. 
GO term Expected Observed P value (FDR). 
A sample selection of the GO enrichment analysis. 
Name Validated targets Cell type Function Ref. 
Summary of pluripotency or differentiation associated miRNAs and lncRNAs. 
Gene Primer sequence (5?-3?) Amplicon size (bp). 
Genotype percentage of mitochondria with altered cristae diameter mitochondria (?m) distance between the outer and inner mitochondrial membrane (nm) intracristal space (nm). 
data are presented as means ± SEM. 
*, P < 0.05;. 
***, P < 0.001;. 
NS: non significant. 
UPN Age Sex Histotype Asbestos exposure SV40 presence. 
UPN: unknown patient number. 
Sample DOX VBL ETO Pt GEM PMX MXR. 
HMC: human mesothelial cells; HMM: human malignant mesothelioma; UPN: unknown patient number; DOX: doxorubicin; VBL: vinblastine; ETO: etoposide; Pt: cisplatin; GEM: gemcitabine; PMX: pemetrexed; MXR: mitoxantrone. Significance for each drug, HMM cells versus HMC: p < 0.01. 
DOX VBL ETO Pt GEM PMX MXR. 
Resistance factor (Rf) was calculated by dividing the IC50 of each drug in human malignant mesothelioma HMM cells for the corresponding IC50 in human mesothelial cells HMC (see Table 2 ). 
UPN: unknown patient number; DOX: doxorubicin; VBL: vinblastine; ETO: etoposide; Pt: cisplatin; GEM: gemcitabine; PMX: pemetrexed; MXR: mitoxantrone. 
Significance for each drug. HMM cells versus HMC: p < 0.001. 
Primary tissue datasets 1 2 3 4 5 Total. 
Concordant expression with 812 primary breast tumors MCFHER2 BT474 MDA453. 
The 3350 transcripts with the most significant changes in cell lines (p < 0.05) were compared to all transcripts (p < 0.05) in the five cancer data sets. Kappa analysis measured the significance of directionality. The number of up and down (?,?) regulated genes with the same direction of regulation in each cell lines compared to primary tissues are shown. 
Gene Name HER2+/?Primary tissue LogFC P– Value Gene Name HER2+/? Primary tissue LogFC P– Value. 
We used the Match TM algorithm and TRANSFAC matrices to predict regulatory element sequences within the promoter regions (+ 500 bp around the TSS) of 113 tissue context dependent genes. The binding factors, the nucleotide position frequency and sequence logo, and the source of extracted data (category column) such as ChIP-on-, SELEX or matrix compiled from individual genomic sites are shown. 
Malignancy Subtype AR positivity % (positive/tested) * Supplementary References. 
Numerators and denominators in the third column were given when they were clearly defined in the references. 
Drug name Mechanism of action Indication Examples. 
Data from www.fda.gov (Accessed August 11, 2014). 
AR = androgen receptor; GnRH: gonadotropin releasing hormone. 
p.val q.val Cellular functions. 
Symbol Fold Change Parental vs PD-treated P -value Fold Change PDR vs PD-treated P -value. 
Relative expression of known E2F targets (a from Bracken et al ., 2004 [ 40 ]) and other select genes following exposure to 0.5 ?M PD0332991 or 0.2 ?M SNS032 in HEY cells for 48 h (left). Relative expression comparing HEY-SNSR to SNS-exposed HEY cells and HEY-PDR to PD0332991-exposed HEY cells (right). NS, not significant. 
Patient Sex Age at Diagnosis AJCC Stage Regional Lymph Nodes Metastases Vascular Invasion Cirrhosis. 
1 = Positive, 0 = Negative, * = Data absent from chart, AJCC = American Joint Committee on Cancer, 7th Edition. 
Patient NSC / Mb SC / Mb Splice / Mb Intron / Mb Intra / Mb. 
NSC = Non-synonymous coding, Mb = megabase, SC = Synonymous coding, Splice = Mutation at a transcript splice site, Intron = Mutation in intron, Intra = Mutation in intragenic region. 
A C G T. 
Patient Confirmed Somatic by SS Unable to sequence Germline by SS % Confirmed as Somatic % Rejected as Germline. 
SS = Sanger sequencing. 
Gene Patient  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Total. 
SNVs = Single nucleotide variation, indel = small insertion or deletion, HUGO = The Human Genome Organization, * = Verified by Sanger sequencing. 
Location Type of Change Genes Affected Study FL-HCC Cohort. 
CNV = Copy number variation, FL-HCC = Fibrolamellar hepatocellular carcinoma. 
HCC FL-HCC Comparative Genomic Hybridization FL-HCC Whole Genome Sequencing    Total Total % Individual Studies Events Average Range  # of cases 785 30  11 10 5 3 1 10   Involved Genes. 
HCC = Hepatocellular carcinoma, FL-HCC = Fibrolamellar hepatocellular carcinoma. 
Adapted from Ward and Waxman [ 44 ]. 
HCC FL-HCC Comparative Genomic Hybridization FL-HCC Whole Genome Sequencing    Total Total % Individual Studies Events Average Range  # of cases 785 30  11 10 5 3 1    Involved Genes. 
HCC = Hepatocellular carcinoma, FL-HCC = Fibrolamellar hepatocellular carcinoma. 
Adapted from Ward and Waxman [ 44 ]. 
Molecular target Agent Histology (number of enrolled patients) Monotherapy (NCT identifier, clinical trial phase) Agent + chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy (NCT identifier, clinical trial phase). 
Abl, Abelson murine leukemia; AC, esophageal adenocarcinoma; AURKA, aurora kinase A; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; GEJ, gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma; HER-2, human epidermal growth factor receptor; mTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PI3K, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; RTKs, receptor tyrosine kinases; SCC, esophageal squamous cell carcinoma; Src, Rous sarcoma virus tyrosine kinase homolog; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; P, clinical trial phase. 
total TTLshort TTLlong N % N % N %. 
Pathway MCF-7/S0.5 MCF-7/182R-6 MCF-7/TAMR-1. 
Parameters ErbB2 homodimer. 
R merge = ?h?l | Iih–< Ih > |/?h?I < Ih >, where < Ih > is the mean of multiple observations Iih of a given reflection h. 
R work = ?||Fp(obs)|?|Fp(calc)||/?|Fp(obs)|; R free is an R-factor for a selected subset (5%) of reflections that was not included in prior refinement calculations. 
Numbers in parentheses are corresponding values for the highest resolution shell (2.5–2.4 Å). 
ErbB2(A) ErbB2(B) Distance (Å) Residue Atom Residue Atom Domain. 
Disease name Subfamily member References. 
Diseases associated with Rab11 subfamily members. 
MicroRNAs Targets miRNA function References. 
The RAAS, Apelin/APJ signaling, and microRNAs in hypertension. 
RAAS: renin-angiotensin aldosterone system; Klf4: Krüppel-like factor4; Klf5: Krüppel-like factor5; p27(Kip1): cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B; p57(Kip2): cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B; VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor; Ets-1: E26 transformation-specific sequence 1; VCAM-1: vascular cell adhesion molecule 1; MCP-1: monocyte chemoattractant protein 1; GAX: growth arrest-specific homeobox; ACE: angiotensin converting enzyme; ACE2: angiotensin converting enzyme 2; AT1R: Ang II type 1 receptor; FGF2: fibroblast growth factor 2; FGFR1: fibroblast growth factor receptor 1; VSMCs: vascular smooth muscle cells. 
Issues with measurement of MV-associated TF. 
CANCER NORMAL TOTAL GENE. 
Category Name Hypermethylated Hypomethylated. 
BRCA COAD. 
Surface Median Intensity (unnormalized) ± SD Presence call % ± SD . 
Note: The median intensity and the presence call % of all probes on each array was measured using dChip software. The standard deviation (SD) was calculated from three experiments. The presence call % indicates the percentage of all probed gene transcripts that was expressed when cells were grown on the corresponding surface. 
Fold Change (FC) Total Probes Downregulated Probes (negative FC) Upregulated Probes (positive FC). 
Note: Proportion of probes up or downregulated on PAA. As an example, 7139 probes had a |FC| > 2 and of those, 6564 were downregulated and 575 were upregulated. 
mRNA Dicer Drosha DGCR8. 
Note: The number of miRNA that bind to each mRNA was predicted using either microRNA.org using a threshold score of less than-0.10 or Diana-microT v3.0 with a threshold score of greater than 7.3. Diana-mirExtra was used to identify the miRNAs that were significantly downregulated on PAA (FC < -10, p< 0.05) from unregulated genes and used here to determine the proportion of predicted miRNA significant compared to the total miRNAs predicted for each miRNA processing gene. 
  ??????????IC50 (mean ± SD, ?M) Complex MDA-MB-231 MDA-MB-468 MCF-7 R-MCF-7DOX HK-2. 
HSP90 Client Proteins Molecular Weight (kDa). 
From the HMW (fraction No. 8-17) gel filtration fraction of 32Dp210 cell, an aliquot of 25 ?l fraction were subjected to Western blotting to identify proteins by using specific antibodies. 
Cell line IC50(nM) Imatinib NVP AUY922. 
Cell proliferation was analyzed by MTT assay. The 50% inhibition concentration values on cell proliferation (IC50) were calculated by fitting the data to a logistic curve. 
Patient F p v e * v p PS SUV * Cellularity Tumor  (mL.min ?1 .100g ?1 ) (%) (%) (mL.min ?1 .100g ?1 )  (%) localization, staging  Pretreatment. 
Quantitative imaging parameters from DCE-CT and 18FDG-PET before and during treatment with cetuximab in 14 patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. 
Parameters with significant statistical differences between pretreatment and during treatment (p < 0.05). 
PET/CT, Diffusion-weighted MR images and TICs are given in Figures 4 and 2 . 
Fp = blood flow; ve = extracellular, extravascular fraction; vp = fraction of vascular space; PS = transfer constant, L = larynx; OC = oral cavity. 
Characteristics Number and (%) patients. 
Characteristics of the urinary bladder cancers and patients with available EGFR and HER2 data for both primary tumors and corresponding metastases (n=72). 
The mean age of the patients at diagnosis was ? 66 years (span 35–87). The time from diagnosis of the primary tumor to sampling of metastases was on the average ? 10 months (span 0–82) (Gårdmark et al [ 22 ]). 
WHO 1977. 
EGFR-scores for all analyzed primary urinary bladder tumors and corresponding metastases (upper part), regional (local) lymph node metastases (middle part) and distant metastases and non-lymph node metastases (lower part). 
EGFR and HER2 scores for all analyzed primary urinary bladder tumors (upper part) and corresponding metastases (lower part). 
Summary of relations between positive (2+ and 3+) and negative (0 and 1+) expressions of EGFR in primary tumors and metastases (upper part), between EGFR and HER2 in primary tumors (middle part) and between EGFR and HER2 in metastases (lower part) (n=72). 
HUGO gene symbol Relevance References. 
List of selected genes, relevance, and supporting references. 
Class CML Normal. 
Contingency table of gene pair counts at the optimal threshold. 
Voltage dependence of activation Voltage dependence of inactivation Recovery from inactivation V1/2 (mV) K n V1/2 (mV) K n ?f (ms) ?s (ms) n. 
* P <0.05, compared with same week. 
Voltage dependence of activation Voltage dependence of inactivation Recovery from inactivation V1/2 (mV) K n V1/2 (mV) K n ?f (ms) ?s (ms) n. 
* P <0.05, compared with DMSO (dimethyl sulfoxide). 
All drugs were dissolved in DMSO and added into cell culture media for 48h before the experiments. 
Peaks Constituents Concen. (mg/g) Linearity LOD ( ? g/L) LOQ ( ? g/L) CV (%). 
Data is expressed as mean ± standard deviation in mg/g of raw herbal materials calculated from three batches. 
Inter-batch coefficients of variation (CV) were calculated across three batches of Shuyu preparation. 
Number Protein Protein ID Gene ID Probability Z Sequence coverage (%) Matched peptide Mes. peptide pI MW (kDa) Suspected pI Suspected MW (kDa) Ratio of protein volume after TES 30?min 24?hrs 50 100 200 50 100 200. 
Differentially expressed proteins by proteomics from the retinas with/without TES. K-152 to K-210 represent ID number of spots and sequence coverage, and the theoretical values of pI and Mr were obtained from the Profound search. The calculations of the experimental pI and Mr were based on the migration of the protein on a 2D gel. The expression changes present in the rat retinal protein volume ratio after 50?mA, 100?mA, and 200?mA currents of TES for 30 minutes and 24 hours after TES. “o” in expression means that the expression was undetectable in the PD-Quest-based analyses. 
MicroRNA Apoptotic Anti-apoptotic Fold change 3h vs 0h Fold change 12h vs 0h P-Value mRNA (M) / Protein (P) Target in networks 3h vs 0h 12h vs 0h 3h vs 0h 12h vs 0h. 
* () brackets indicate targets that have been annotated as both apoptotic and anti-apoptotic. 
Gene expression Protein classes Protein levels protein classes protein-class 3h vs 0h 12h vs 0h 3h vs 0h 12h vs 0h. 
microRNA Gene expression Protein level 1 ID 3hvs0h fold change 2 12hvs0h fold change 2 3hvs0h fold change 3 12hvs0h fold change 3. 
1 Significant fold change with adjusted p value with FDR 0.1 as can be seen in S1 Table . 
2 Significant fold change with p value < 0.05 as can be seen in S2 Table . 
3 Significant fold change based on DeCyder software one-way ANOVA analysis of p value < 0.05. 
Cell lines IC50 for curcumin (?M) IC50 for emodin (?M). 
SiHa and HeLa cells treated with different concentrations of curcumin and emodin were assayed for cell viability by resazurin reduction method at 48h and IC50 values were calculated as described in Materials and Methods. (n = 3, mean ± S.E.M.). 
Concentration ?M SiHa HeLa Curcumin Emodin % Cell viability ± S.E.M. CI % Cell viability ± S.E.M. CI. 
SiHa and HeLa cells treated with different concentration combinations of curcumin and emodin were assayed for cell viability by resazurin reduction method at 48h and combination indices (CI) were calculated from the changes in cell viability (mean of three experiments) using CompuSyn software. 
All pts (217) MBL (45) CLL (172). 
*As sole genomic aberrations. 
Covariate p HR 95% CI of HR. 
HR: hazard ratio. CI: confidence interval. 
Covariate p HR 95% CI of HR. 
HR: hazard ratio. CI: confidence interval. 
Skin phototype Cutaneous reaction to UVR. 
Fitzpatrick's skin type classification according to response to sun radiation. 
Source: Fitzpatrick, 1988. 33. 
FILTER (COMMON OR COMMERCIAL NAME) OTHER NAMES/INCI * COVERAGE ANVISA *. 
List of actives and maximum concentrations allowed in Brazil. 
Adapted source: The Encyclopedia of ultraviolet filters - Allured publishing Corporation -2007 - by Nadim A. Shaat NA, 2005.125 and Camera E, et al. 2009. 216. 
INCI: International Nomenclature of Cosmetic Ingredients. 
**Maximum concentration approved by ANVISA. 
Presentation Skin sensation Water Resistant Need for Reapplication. 
Main characteristics of topical sunscreen according to the vehicles used. 
Adapted source: Teixeira SMMCG, 2012. 130. 
Toxicological studies required for safety evaluation of a cosmetic ingredient. 
Source: National Agency for Sanitary Vigilance (Agencia Nacional de VigilSncia Sanitaria - ANVISA), 2003. 156. 
Brazilian photoprotection legislation. 
Source: National Agency for Sanitary Vigilance (Agência Nacional de Vigilância Sanitária - ANVISA), 2012. 128. 
Main actives with systemic photoprotective action. 
Characteristic High Protection Low Protection. 
Factors that interfere with the protection offered by fabrics. 
Adapted source: Kullavanijava P, Lim HM, 2005. 261. 
UPF UV blockage (%) transmittance fabric status. 
Relationship between UPF and UVR blockage. 
Adapted source: Kullavanijava P, Lim HW, 2005. 261. 
Recommendation of the American Academy of Pediatrics for photoprotection of breastfed babies and children. 
Adapted source: Balk SJ, 2011 317 and HealthyChildren.org/American Academy of Pediatrics - Sun Safety,, 2014. 318. 
Recommendation of the American Academy of Dermatology for photoprotection of breastfed babies and children. 
Adapted source: American Academy of Dermatology, 2013. 319. 
Factors that influence vitamin D production induced by UV radiation. 
Gene Genomic location Protein Tissue localization in the brain Cell type Subcellular localization. 
Protein localisation of different genes associated to FTD . 
The information provided are derived through integration of two different databases ( http://www.genecards.org/ and http://www.proteinatlas.org/ ) and literature reported in the text . 
Subtypes of Dementia Mutation Change in amino acid Type References. 
List of mutations in TARDBP and their characteristic phenotypes . 
FTD, Frontotemporal Dementia; PSP, Progressive supranuclear palsy . 
All the information reported in the table is derived from a cumulative study of the literature and the database: http://www.molgen.ua.ac.be/ADMutations/default.cfm?MT=0&ML=2&Page=FTD . 
Subtypes of Dementia Mutation Change in amino acid Type References. 
List of mutations in FUS and their characteristic phenotypes . 
ALS, Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; FTD, Frontotemporal Dementia; bv FTD, behavioral variant Frontotemporal Dementia; FALS, Familial Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; PD, Parkinson's disease; DE, Dementia . 
All the information reported in the table is derived from a cumulative study of the literature and the database: http://www.molgen.ua.ac.be/ADMutations/default.cfm?MT=0&ML=2&Page=FTD . 
Subtypes of dementia Mutation Change in amino acid Type References. 
List of mutations in MAPT and their characteristic phenotypes . 
FTD, Frontotemporal Dementia; bv FTD, behavioral variant frontotemporal Dementia . 
All the information reported in the table is derived from a cumulative study of the literature and the database: http://www.molgen.ua.ac.be/ADMutations/default.cfm?MT=0&ML=2&Page=FTD . 
Subtypes of Dementia Mutation Change in amino acid Type References. 
List of mutations in GRN and their characteristic phenotypes . 
AD, Alzheimers disease; CBS, Corticobasal syndrome; FTD, Frontotemporal Dementia; PPA, Primary progressive aphasia; MND, Motor neuron disease; PD, Parkinsons disease . 
All the information reported in the table is derived from a cumulative study of the literature and the database: http://www.molgen.ua.ac.be/ADMutations/default.cfm?MT=0&ML=2&Page=FTD . 
Subtypes of Dementia Mutation Change in amino acid Type References. 
List of mutations in VCP and their characteristic phenotypes . 
IBMPFD, Inclusion body myopathy with Paget's disease of the bone and frontotemporal dementia . 
All the information reported in the table is derived from a cumulative study of the literature and the database: http://www.molgen.ua.ac.be/ADMutations/default.cfm?MT=0&ML=2&Page=FTD . 
Subtypes of Dementia Mutation Change in amino acid Type References. 
List of mutations in CHMP2B and their characteristic phenotypes . 
FTD, Frontotemporal Dementia . 
All the information reported in the table is derived from a cumulative study of the literature and the database: http://www.molgen.ua.ac.be/ADMutations/default.cfm?MT=0&ML=2&Page=FTD . 
Subtypes of Dementia Mutation Change in amino acid Type References. 
List of mutations in C9ORF72 and their characteristic phenotypes . 
TD, Frontotemporal Dementia; ALS, Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . 
All the information reported in the table is derived from a cumulative study of the literature and the database: http://www.molgen.ua.ac.be/ADMutations/default.cfm?MT=0&ML=2&Page=FTD . 
Gene Symbol GeneID Functional Class. 
Gene Symbol GeneID Functional class. 
Target Forward (5’–3’) Reverse (5’–3’). 
mRNA BMP-2 BMP-4 BMP-6 BMP-7 BMP-9 ALP. 
Cells were treated with each inhibitor for 2 h and then incubated with BMP-2 (100 ng/ml) and KM11073 (10 ?M) for 3 days. The mRNA expression levels were evaluated by quantitative real-time PCR. Fold changes relative to each gene level in the control are presented as mean ± standard deviation. 
* p < 0.05. 
** p < 0.01 (compared to the control). 
# p < 0.05. 
## p < 0.01 (compared to the group treated with BMP-2). 
† p < 0.05. 
†† p < 0.01 (compared to the group treated with BMP-2 + KM11073). 
mRNA runx2a bmp2a bmp2b osteopontin ALP. 
At 5.0 dpf, larvae were treated with KM11073 (1 ?M), and after 1 day the mRNA levels were evaluated by quantitative real-time PCR. Fold changes relative to each gene level in the control are presented as mean ± standard deviation. 
* p < 0.05. 
** p < 0.01 (compared to the control). 
Disease Mutation Discovery methodology Discovery cohort size Frequency in validation cohort (number of cases) Reference. 
A list of mutations in pathologically specific tumors with a focus on recent NGS discoveries, including discovery methodology, and validation results. 
References: [ 18 , 25 , 28 , 32 , 35 , 39 , 44 , 45 , 49 – 52 , 54 , 64 , 65 , 69 , 70 , 82 – 112 ]. 
CCC clear cell carcinoma of the ovary, DIPG diffuse intrinsic pontineglioma, GBM glioblastoma multiforme, SCCOHT small-cell carcinoma of the ovary of the hypercalcemic type, MPNST malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor, ERMS embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma, PLGA polymorphous low-grade adenocarcinoma of salivary gland, AITL angioimmunoblastic T cell lymphoma, PMBCL primary mediastinal B cell lymphoma, GOF gain of function, FISH fluorescent in situ hybridization, RACE rapid amplification of cDNA ends, WGSS whole genome shotgun sequencing, WTSS whole transcriptome shotgun sequencing, IHC immunohistochemistry, aCGH array comparative genomic hybridization. 
Pathway Target Mode of dysregulation Tumor example. 
List of mutations indicated in Fig.  2. 
RTK receptor tyrosine kinase,  SCCHOT small-cell carcinoma of the ovary of the hypercalcemic type, NSCLC nonsmall-cell lung cancer, CRINET cribriform neuroepithelial tumor, SBC sinonasal basaloid carcinoma, RMC renal medullary carcinomas, CCC clear-cell carcinoma of the ovary, EC endometriod carcinoma of ovary, GC gastric cancer, GCBT giant cell bone tumor, DIPG diffuse intrinsic pontineglioma, ERMS embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma, GCT granulosa cell tumor, MPNST malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor, NEOC nonepithelial ovarian cancer, SLCT Sertoli-Leydig cell tumor, WT Wilm’s tumor, IMT inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor, FIM familial infantile myofibromatosis, M. Ameloblastoma mandibular ameloblastoma, HCL hairy cell leukemia. 
Gene /Protein Alteration Tumor type Phenotype. 
Alterations in Hugl expression and location in human cancers. 
Clinical sign Missense mutations (n = 33) Truncating mutations (n = 31) P -value. 
Results of statistical analysis of clinical AHO features in PHPIa patients harboring missense versus truncating mutations. 
Result of statistical analysis of PHPIa patients comparing the occurrence of clinical signs in patients harboring missense mutations versus truncating mutations ( n : numbers of patients). The occurrence of brachymetacarpia and subcutaneous calcifications is significantly different between both types of mutations. 
Class Affected amino acids. 
Classification of newly identified missense mutations. 
Affected amino acids of the newly identified missense mutations (and of the known mutation R166C) depending on the location of the amino acids. Class I amino acid residues are predicted to be involved in the hydrophobic core of the protein may lead to instability or even completely unfolding. Class II amino acid residues are involved in cofactor binding, while class III amino acid residues are involved in formation of salt bridges and mutations are also predicted to lead to instability of the protein structure. 
miRNA A miRNA B Borda rank Disease A Disease B Literature A Literature B. 
miRNA synergism results beyond consensus modules. 
Synergism results for miRNA pairs that ranked in the upper quartile according to Borda voting scheme but not incorporated in the consensus modules (indicative examples). Each line reports the rank of each miRNA pair, disease-related information of the human orthologs as recorded in miR2Disease database (if found only cardiac pathophysiology related terms are reported) and evidence related to aging or cardiac pathophysiology provided by recent literature. Bold miRNAs are age-dependent based on linear regression analysis. We also added miRNA pairs with high rank yet not related to aging or cardiac pathophysiology (highlighted in italics ). 
Gene Gene name Disease name. 
Disease annotation data for proteins included in human modules. 
Cardiovascular disease annotation data for 13 proteins participating in the human modules. Data was obtained from DisGeNET database. 
Transcript ID Gene symbol Ref seq Mean expression Mean expression Fold change P value Chromosome Start Stop    Benign Malignant Benign vs. malignant Benign vs. malignant . 
The top 20 genes identified as being significantly differentially expressed between MPNSTs and PNFs in the more stringent analysis of 3 vs. 3 samples. 
The top 20 genes identified as being significantly differentially expressed between MPNSTs and PNFs in the more stringent analysis of 3 vs. 3 samples. 
Upregulating IL-1? Upregulated by IL-1? Downregulating IL-1? Downregulated by IL-1?. 
Classification of factors associated with IL-1? in Alzheimer’s disease. 
IL, interleukin; NF-?B, nuclear factor kappa B; IFN, interferon; TGF, transforming growth factor; APP, amyloid precursor protein. TNF, tumor necrosis factor; PGF, placental growth factor; LPS, lipopolysaccharide; TLR, toll-like receptor; ERK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinase; PLC, phospholipase C; miRNA, microRNA; ACT, antichymotrypsin; apo, apolipoprotein; LXA, lipoxin A; NGF, nerve growth factor; ACh, acetylcholin; Cox-2, prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2; NOS, nitric oxide synthase; TACE, tumor necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme; C/EBP, ccaat enhancer binding proteins; CRF, corticotropin-releasing factor; PGE2, prostaglandin E2; ET, endothelin; C3, complement component 3; C1s, complement C1s subcomponent; C1r, complement C1r subcomponent. 
Type Factors. 
Classification of other factors associated with IL-1? in Alzheimer’s disease. 
MCP, monocyte chemotactic protein; MIP, macrophage inflammatory protein; TGF, transforming growth factor; EGF, endothelial growth factor; G-CSF, granulocyte colony stimulating factor; IL, interleukin; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; NALP, NACHT leucine-rich repeat protein; BDNF, brain-derived neurotrophic factor; NT, neurotrophin; BACE, beta-secretase; IRAK, interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase; Cox, cytochrome C oxidase; TLR, toll-like receptor; IKK, inhibitor of nuclear factor kappa-B kinase subunit alpha; I?B, inhibitor of kappa B; FPR, formyl peptide receptor; MAChR, muscarinic acetylcholine receptor; AP, activator protein; PGE, prostaglandin E; RAGE, receptor for advanced glycation end-products; DHA, docosahexaenoic acid; EPA, eicosapentaenoic acid; PUFA, polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
Characteristic Controls (n = 266) Patients (n = 266) p-value a  n % Mean (SD) n % Mean (SD) . 
a Based on a chi-square test. 
Genotype Controls % Cases % P- value a OR (95% CI) b. 
a Based on Pearson’s chi-square test. 
b OR: odds ratio; CI: confidence interval. 
* Statistically significant. 
MTHFR C677T  MTHFR A1298C Characteristics Controls Cases P trend a P inter b OR (95% CI) c Characteristics Controls Cases P trend a P inter b OR (95% CI) c  n (%) n (%)     n (%) n (%)   . 
a P for trend based on chi-square test. 
b P for interaction based on likelihood ratio test; NS, non-significant. 
c OR, odds ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
* Statistically significant. 
First author Ref # Year Population Controls (n) Cases (n) Association and highlights. 
Note: Some studies that had less than 70 cases and 70 controls of a redundant population were not included. 
The survey of literature was updated 2014/09/18. 
Parameters No. of cases with respective ENTPD5 staining scores  All scores 0 1–3 P value (?2). 
Cancer Type Mutation Counts Gene Counts Domain Families. 
Primary Site Cancer Type Sample Counts References. 
Cancer Type Significantly Mutated Domain Instance Counts Related Gene Counts. 
Gene Symbol SignificantlyMutated Domain Cancer Type Predicted Category Reported Category. 
Gene Symbol Domain Instances per Gene Significantly Mutated Domain Instance Primary Site. 
Gene Symbol Category Mutational Hotspot Functions. 
Domain Types Corresponding Genes Cancer Types Mutational Hotspot Function. 
Sham Losartan Leptin Leptin plus Losartan. 
*p< 0.05 versus Sham;. 
#p< 0.05 versus Leptin. 
Sham Losartan Leptin Leptin plus Losartan. 
*p< 0.05 versus Sham;. 
#p< 0.05 versus Leptin. 
Sham Losartan Leptin Leptin plus Losartan. 
V (urinary flow rate); U.Na+ (Na+ excretion); FE Na+ (fractional excretion of Na+); U.K+ (K+ excretion); FE K+ (fractional excretion of K+). 
*p< 0.05 versus Sham;. 
#p< 0.05 versus Leptin. 
Sham n = 6 Losartan n = 6 Leptin n = 8 Leptin plus Losartan n = 6. 
Agt (Angiotensinogen); ACE (Angiotensin Converting Enzyme); TNF-? (Tumor Necrosis Factor), TGF-? (Transforming Growth Factor); Col III (Collagen type III); ET-1 (Endothelin 1); Ob-Ra (Short leptin receptor isoform); Ob-Rb (Long leptin receptor isoform). 
*p< 0.05 versus Sham;. 
#p< 0.05 versus Leptin. 
Groups Plasma Ang II (pg /mL) Cardiac Ang II (pg/mgprot). 
b P <0.01 vs. WKY group. 
c P <0.05 vs. SHR group. 
Group TAC (U/mgprot) MDA (nmol/mgprot). 
a P <0.05. 
b P <0.01 vs. WKY group. 
c P <0.05. 
d P <0.01 vs. SHR group. 
Group TGF-?1 (pg/mL) type I collagen (ng/mL) type III collagen (ng/mL). 
a P <0.05. 
b P <0.01 vs. Control group. 
c P <0.05. 
d P <0.01 vs. Ang II group. 
Target Drug Type Indication Phase Status. 
Clinical trials targeting GM-CSF. 
GM-CSFR: GM-CSF receptor; mAb: monoclonal antibody; RA: rheumatoid arthritis; MS: multiple sclerosis. 
Drug Regimen Patients Efficacy (versus placebo). 
Effects of GM-CSF inhibitors in RA. 
SC: subcutaneous injection; IV: intravenous injection; MTX: methotrexate; DAS28: 28-joint disease activity score; ACR20: American College of Rheumatology 20% response rate; ACR50: American College of Rheumatology 50% response rate; ACR70: American College of Rheumatology 70% response rate. 
SCF     Low Medium High rs p-values. 
* p-values were calculated by Spearman's Rank-Correlation test (n = 95). 
Agea: Expressed as median (range), ?2 = 5.747, p = 0.060 (kruskal-wallis test). 
Tumor size (cm)b: Expressed as mean, F = 10.809, p<0.001 (anova test). 
Case No. (Sex/Age) Hb (g/dL)—WBC (002F?L)—PLT (×103/?L) Diagnosis Cellularity (%) Karyotype. 
Reactome pathway p -value DEG pathway members. 
TF * name TFBS ID † FDR ‡ Target genes in DEGs. 
*TF: Transcription factor. 
†TFBS: transcription factor binding site. 
‡FDR: false discovery rate. 
Cells IC50 ADM CDDP VP-16. 
Effect of KCNJ2/Kir2.1 on drug sensitivity \documentclass[12pt]{minimal} \usepackage{amsmath} \usepackage{wasysym} \usepackage{amsfonts} \usepackage{amssymb} \usepackage{amsbsy} \usepackage{mathrsfs} \usepackage{upgreek} \setlength{\oddsidemargin}{-69pt} \begin{document}$$ \left(\overline{\mathbf{\mathsf{X}}}\pm \kern0.5em \mathbf{\mathsf{s}},\kern0.5em \mathbf{n}=\mathbf{\mathsf{3}},\kern0.5em \mathbf{\mathsf{\boldsymbol{\upmu}g}}/\mathbf{\mathsf{ml}}\right) $$\end{document} X ¯ ± s , n = 3 , ?g / ml. 
* P?<?0.05 (compared with corresponding negative control groups). 
Ciafre et al. (2005) Slaby et al. (2010)  miRNA C/P ratio L/B ratio (P) miRNA Fold change (P). 
miRNAs significantly de-regulated in human glioblastoma tissues and glioblastoma cell lines. 
C/P ratio represents the range of ratio between tumour samples values ( C : centre of the tumour) and the control samples values ( P : peripheral brain area from the same patient). L/B ratio represents the ratio between averaged cell line samples values ( L ) and the control sample values ( B ); P value is presented (t-test [ 8 ], Mann-Whitney U -test [ 9 ]). 
Growth factors Study reference Animal model Sample size (treatment group/control group) Type of study (focal or global ischemia) Treatment Time of administration Results. 
Growth factors experimental studies. 
MCAO: middle cerebral artery occlusion; i.v.: intravenously; s.c.: subcutaneously; i.p.: intraperitoneally; BBB: blood brain barrier; CCAO: common carotid artery occlusion; SVZ: sub-ventricular zone; i.c.v.: intracerebroventricularly; NSCs: neural stem cells; BMSCs: bone mesenchimal stem cells; BCAO: bilateral carotid artery occlusion; NPCs: neural progenitor cells; CBF: cortical blood flow; BCCAO: bilateral common carotid artery occlusion; SN: substantia nigra; DFO: Deferoxamine; CEPO: non-erythropoietic EPO derivate. 
Neurotrophins Study reference Animal model Sample size (treatment group/control group) Type of study (focal or global ischemia) Treatment Time of administration Results. 
Neurotrophins experimental studies. 
MCAO: middle cerebral artery occlusion; i.v.: intravenously; s.c.: subcutaneously; i.p.: intraperitoneally; BBB: blood brain barrier; SVZ: sub-ventricular zone; DG: dentate grisus; i.c.v.: intracerebroventricularly; NSCs: neural stem cells; BCCAO: bilateral common carotid artery occlusion; SN: substantia nigra. 
Type of cancer HMGA1 HMGA2. 
Overexpression of HMGA proteins in several human solid malignancies . 
Human gene Chromosomal localization Expression patterns Knockout mouse phenotypes. 
The family of caveolins: genomic localization, cell- and tissue-specific expression and principal knockout mouse phenotypes. 
Pathway Physiological role of Cav-1 Alterations linked to RMS. 
The table summarizes the physiological role exerted by Cav-1 on different pathways which are involved in RMS. 
Study Findings. 
Summary of the studies on receptor oligomerization. 
Abbreviations: CHO-K1, Chinese hamster ovary cells; D2R, dopamin receptor 2; (HEK)-293, human embryonic kidney cells; MOR1, m-opioid receptor. 
Summary of SST action [ 4 ]. 
miRNA Relevant targets Function in cancer Involvement in senescence References. 
MiRNAs implicated in tumourigenesis with a role in senescence. 
AIB1, amplified in breast cancer 1; CCND1, cyclin D1; CCND2, cyclin D2; CCNE2, cyclin E2; DNMT3A, DNA methyltransferase 3A; DNMT3B, DNA methyltransferase 3B; ERBB2, v-erb-b2 erythroblastic leukaemia viral oncogene 2; ERBB3, v-erb-b2 erythroblastic leukaemia viral oncogene 3; ERK5 extracellular signal-regulated kinase-5; HMGA2, high-mobility group AT-hook 2; MCL1, myeloid cell leukaemia sequence 1 and TTP, tristetraprolin. 
Targets in bold are significant for senescence. 
(+), miRNAs which induce senescence; (+?), miRNAs which regulate senescence associated genes and (?), miRNAs not associated to senescence. 
Number (percentage) Length(bp) Transcript (bp) Unigene (bp). 
WBm_unigene length FPKM_MSG FPKM_PSG logFC PValue FDR Bm_CDS Ka/Ks Putative function. 
Length (bp) SNP (num) SNP_density (bp/num) Indel (num) Indel_density (bp/num). 
*Total number/ synonymous site number / nonsynonymous number. 
KEGG pathway Unigene Bm_orthologs Ka/Ks Putative function. 
Gene Primers Exon Size (bp). 
GAPDH, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase; RPL13A, ribosomalprotein L13a; SDHA, succinatedehydrogenasecomplex, subunit A. 
Aurora-A P value Aurora-B P value. 
Corr. Coeff.: correlation coefficient. 
Variable Hazard Ratio 95% CI p value. 
Spot Best homologue Gene Accession number shNOX1 regulation (2DE) Total score Matched spectra Unique peptindes Sequence coverage WB validation Protein name Abbrev. Fold p value a Fold p value b. 
a adjusted for FDR,. 
b one tailed Welch t test for unequal variance. 
Module Number Module Size (number of CpGs) Zsummary *. 
*Zsummary > 10: module highly preserved. 
Zsummary > 5: module moderately preserved. 
Zsummary < 2: module not preserved. 
Data set 1 Coefficients (SD) Data set 1 Pr (>I t I) Data set 2 Coefficients (SD) Data set 2 Pr(>I t I). 
*Using the output above, it is estimated that HIV status accelerates age by 13.7 and 14.7 years (defined by HIV coefficient/Age coefficient). 
Cell Subset Cell Phenotype Data Set 1 Correlation with ME3 (p value) Data Set 2 Correlation with ME3 (p value). 
Included are subsets whose absolute counts have an absolute correlation coefficient with module 3 of ? 0.34. 
Gene Name Accession Number Probe IDs kME3 of probe *. 
*kME is defined as the correlation of the methylation profile with the module eigenvector. 
Colon Breast Lung Ovarian Head and Neck Kidney Pancreas Prostate Cervix Gastric. 
Abbreviations: pts, patients; NOS, not otherwise specified. 
aOther lung tumors: large cell (2), carcinoid (2), carcinosarcoma (1);. 
bOther ovarian tumors: Brenner tumor (1), Mullerian mixed tumor of the ovary (2), Serous Papillary (7), Signet Ring Carcinoma (1), NOS (7), carcinosarcoma (1), clear cell (3), dysgerminoma (1);. 
cOther kidney tumors: clear cell (2). 
Treatment Cancer type Targeting mechanism Source of resistance Reference. 
Summary of Anticancer Therapeutics that Are Subject to Resistance Induced by Soluble Factors Released from Stromal (or Cancer) Cells into the TME. 
Treatment Advantages Disadvantages. 
An Example of Optimal Scheduling of Cytotoxic and Cytostatic Therapy to Improve Therapeutic Index in Clinical Oncology. 
Note . The potential use of TME-specific agents to inhibit repopulation between courses of chemotherapy/targeted therapy is illustrated above by the example of scheduling of adjuvant chemotherapy/targeted therapy (cytotoxic) and TME-selective therapy (can be cytostatic) for patients as advanced stage of solid tumors, such as metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer that is insensitive to androgen deprivation therapy (mCRPC). A logical strategy would include a short-acting cytostatic agent between courses of chemotherapy/targeted therapy to inhibit the repopulation of tumor cells and to stop it before the next cycle so that cells can resume proliferation and be maximally sensitive to subsequent cytotoxic drugs. 
Time-resolved FRET ATP K m IC50 at 2 × K m ATP IC50-based PI3K? fold selectivity. 
Idelalisib potency and class I selectivity at [ATP] = 2 × K m. 
Data and refinement statistics. 
Num Cand. genes Phenotypic details Technique Ref. 
Notes. 
BW, Body weight; HFD, High fat diet. 
Gene SNPs Chrom. Phenotype Reference. 
microRNA LogFC (shFHCvsshRNA) p-value. 
Molecules in Network Score Focus Molecules Top Diseases and Functions. 
Type Total DEGs ? ? Top 5 ? Top 5 ?. 
Differentially expressed genes for FTC, PTC and ATC. 
Differentially Expressed Genes (DEGs) for each subtype of carcinoma. It is also shown the top-5 overexpressed and underexpressed genes. 
Subtype Dataset 1 (original) Dataset 2 (validation 1) Dataset 3 (validation 2). 
Validation profile for the candidate biomarker genes PTX3, COLEC12, PDGFRA and GPR110 in two independent experimental datasets. 
Validation of the Gene expression profile for PTX3, COLEC12, PDGFRA and GPR110 in two independent datasets. First column shows gene names, second column refers to the original profile as in Figure 8 , third and fourth columns refer to the validation status respect to the original profile. 
Cell line Type Status %SubG1 %G1 %G2/M %S. 
Percentage of thyroid carcinoma cells determined by FACS analysis in each cell cycle phase following 24 h of treatment with sorafenib or vehicle. 
Values for subG1 peaks represent the percentage of all cells measured, while values for G1-, G2/M- and S-phase are depicted for the remaining living cells. Values are given as mean values?±?standard deviation of 6-fold determinations. *indicates significant changes (p<0.05, Student’s t-test). 
% of untreated control Protein SW1736 HTh7 BHT101 ML1. 
Dot blot analysis of the activation of MAP kinase family members in SW1736, HTh7, BHT101 and ML1 cells after short-term treatment (10 min) with 3 ?M sorafenib. 
Abbreviations : ERK extracellular-signal regulated kinase, p38 p38 mitogen-activated kinase, JNK c-jun N-terminal kinase, AKT AKT/protein kinase B. 
Values for the respective protein compared to the vehicle-treated control?±?standard deviation are depicted and represent 6-fold determinations. *indicates significant decrease (p<0.05, Student’s t-test). 
MW log?? P tPSA Rotatable bonds HB donors HB acceptors Oral bioavailability (VEBER) Oral bioavailability (EGAN). 
The chemoinformatic analyses of the small molecules with FAF-Drugs3 software. 
Molecules RMSD ( Å ´ ) (vdW + Hbond + desolv) energy (kcal/mol) Electrostatic energy (kcal/mol) Total internal energy (kcal/mol) The best docking energy (kcal/mol) Inhibition constant (nM). 
The energies for the binding between the small molecules and A/Anhui/1/2013 neuraminidase. 
Molecules RMSD ( Å ´ ) (vdW + Hbond + desolv) energy (kcal/mol) Electrostatic energy (kcal/mol) Total internal energy (kcal/mol) The best docking energy (kcal/mol) Inhibition constant (nM). 
The energies for the binding between the small molecules and A/Shanghai/1/2013 neuraminidase. 
Molecules H-bond residues. 
The residues for the H-bonds between the small molecules and A/Anhui/1/2013 neuraminidase. 
Molecules H-bond residues. 
The residues for the H-bonds between the small molecules and A/Shanghai/1/2013 neuraminidase. 
LncRNA Epigenetic mechanisms in HCC References. 
List of lncRNAs deregulated in HCC and their role in epigenetic mechanisms of gene regulation. 
Species Preexisting liver disease Experimental liver I-R model Effects on autophagy Modulation of autophagy by inhibitors Modulation of autophagy by stimulators Effects on I-R injury Authors and references. 
Autophagy and warm and/or cold liver I-R injury: in vitro and in vivo animal and human studies. 
Authors and references Monitoring autophagy by flux measurements [ 56 ] Monitoring phagophore and autophagosome formation by steady state methods [ 56 ] Additional beneficial effects of drugs and surgical techniques on liver I-R injury other than modulation of autophagy. 
Autophagy and warm and/or cold liver I-R injury. Methods for monitoring autophagy and additional beneficial effects of drugs and surgical techniques on liver I-R injury other than modulation of autophagy. 
Component Botanical name Family Medicinal part Observation Dose Effect Mechanism of action References. 
The components from medicinal plants with antihypertrophic scar activity. 
Phytochemicals Observation Dose Effect Mechanism of action References. 
Antihypertrophic scar displaying phytochemicals widely distributed in medicinal plants. 
Extract Botanical name Family Medicinal part Observation Dose administration Effect Mechanism of action References. 
The extracts from medicinal plants displaying anti-hypertrophic scarring. 
Preparations Botanical name Family Medicinal part Preparation Vehicle Delivery system Observation Effect Mechanism of action References. 
The preparations from different medicinal plants with antihypertrophic scar activity. 
Mechanism Medicinal plant component. 
Summary of antiscarring mechanisms of medicinal plant components. 
Mechanism Medicinal plants extract. 
Summary of antiscarring mechanisms of plant extracts. 
T + M vs. N Log FC FC p -value. 
Differentially regulated miR-129-5p and let-7. 
miRNAs are chosen on the basis of fold change and p -value. Only miR-129-5p and let-7a and c have been verified by qPCR analysis, the rest of the let-7 family members are included to show that the whole family is lost. T + M vs. N and T vs. M denote Tumor and Metastasis vs. Normal tissue and Tumor vs. Metastasis respectively. 
Group Treatment Diet Tumor Incidence (%) Tumor Multiplicity (Mean ± SE) Histologic Grade (Mean ± SE; %) Normal Dysplasia Adenoma Adenocarcinoma. 
Effect of strawberries on AOM/DSS-induced colorectal cancer (CRC) in mice. 
a AOM = azoxymethane; 10.0 mg kg?1 body weight, single i.p. injection. b DSS = dextran sodium sulfate; 2% (w/v) in drinking water for 7 days. c Straw = chemically characterized lyophilized strawberries. d Significantly lower than Group 2 as determined by ? 2 test ( p < 0.05). e Significantly lower than Group 2 as determined by analysis of variance ( p < 0.05). f Significantly higher than Group 2 as determined by linear mixed effect model ( p < 0.05). g Significantly lower than Group 2 as determined by linear mixed effect model ( p < 0.05). 
Peak No. RT (min) [M–H]? MSel a [M–H]? MSe2 b Peak Assignment mg (100 g)?1 % by Weight. 
Bioactive phenolic compounds identified in lyophilized strawberries. 
a MSe1 = MS scans with low collision energy; b MSe2 = MS scans with high collision energy to induce fragmentation and produce MS/MS spectra. 
HepG2/C3Acells PLCcells  Cos5?M Cos10?M BIBR5?M BIBR10?M Cos5?M Cos10?M BIBR5?M BIBR10?M. 
HepG2/C3A and PLC/PRF/5 were seeded in a 24-well plates at a density of 105 cells/well. At 80% confluence, the cells were treated with costunolide (5 or 10 ?M) or BIBR1532 (5 or 10 ?M) for 48 h. Annexin V assay was then performed using a flow cytometer. The results are displayed as percentage of control. 
Name Peptide Sequence Species. 
Bradykinin-related peptides (BRPs) isolated from skin secretion of Ascaphidae. Peptides were aligned to compare to conventional bradykinin. AR-10, AV-12 and RD-11 were named in accordance of first and last amino acid and the number of amino acid residues. 
Name Peptide Sequence Species. 
BRPs isolated from skin secretion of Bombinatoridae . Peptides are aligned in order to compare to the conventional BK. 
Names Peptide Sequences Species. 
BRPs isolated from skin secretion of Hylidae . Peptides are aligned to compare to conventional BK. The proline residues with single underline represent the post-translational modification of hydroxyproline. The tyrosine residues with double underline represent the post-translational modification of O -sulfate. 
* Both O -sulfate and non-sulfate forms of phyllokinin identified from the skin secretion in each case. 
Names Peptide Sequences Species. 
BRPs isolated from skin secretion of Ranidae . Peptides are aligned to compare with conventional BK. The proline residues with single underline represent modification of hydroxyproline. 
The names of species Rana ridibunda , Rana palustris and Rana nigrovittata are redirected from Pelophylax ridibundus , Lithobates palustris and Hylarana nigrovittata respectively. 
BRPs Pharmacological Effect. 
Pharmacological effects of selected BRPs grouped as BK agonist and antagonist. 
Phytochemical miRNA Function Reference. 
Phytochemical-mediated regulation of miRNAs in cancer. Modulation of miRNA expression by certain phytochemical agents and effect on cancer pathobiology. 
Drugs Class Mechanism of action Clinical use. 
Only the tumor types that were analyzed in this study are mentioned here. The listing was based on the protocols of the Children’s Oncology Group and the International Society of the Pediatric Oncology (EURO-E.W.I.N.G. 99; AALL0232; HR-NBL-1.5/SIOPEN). NB, neuroblastoma; ES, Ewing sarcoma; ALL, acute lymphoblastic leukemia; AML: acute myeloid leukemia. 
Cell line Tumor type Chemotherapy IC 50 (without peptide) IC 50 (with 10 ? M TAT-RasGAP 317-326 ) Effect of TAT-RasGAP 317-326 on IC 50. 
This table summarizes the effect of TAT-RasGAP317-326 in combination with 4-HC, etoposide, vincristine or doxorubicin on the IC50 of the cell lines studied in this paper. IC50 were calculated for each chemotherapeutic agent in the absence or in the presence of 10 ?M TAT-RasGAP317-326. AML, acute myeloid leukemia; T-ALL, T-acute lymphoblastic leukemia; 4-HC, 4-hydroperoxycyclophophamide. 
Compound Company Route Phase of Development Major Reported Toxicities. 
Proteasome inhibitors in clinical development. 
PN, peripheral neuropathy; IV, intravenous; SQ, subcutaneous. 
Compound Phase Combination Agents ClinicalTrials.Gov Identifier. 
Selected clinical trials combining other agents with second generation proteosome inhibitors in multiple myeloma. 
Human Protein m (kDa) pI Mitochondrial Localization Import Probability [ 21 ] Section of Sequence Alignment a (Numbers Indicate Amino Acid Residues) [ 22 ] Function Interaction Partner. 
Human LYRMs in mitochondria. The theoretical molecular masses of LYRMs range between 10 kDa and 22 kDa and the theoretical pI between nine and 11. LYRMs are predominantly mitochondrial proteins; however, some LYRMs reside also in the cytoplasm or nucleus, as reported for LYRM1 and LYRM4, respectively [ 7 , 8 ]. The most important conserved residues of LYRMs are shown in the sequence alignment of the human proteins (highlighted in red). C, complex; ISC, iron sulfur cluster; COPP, complex I phylogenetic profile; AF, assembly factor. 
a ClustalW2, default parameters; the sequence of LYRM6 was manually shifted; b formation of mitochondrial complexes protein 1, not a LYRM, as analyzed using the Pfam search tool (see the main text). 
LYRM a Fused Domain Organism(s) Source LYRM Domain, Amino Acid Residue (Start–End) Human Orthologue Pfam Domain, Remarks. 
Selection of LYRMs in domain organization with other proteins. Please note that all proteins are unreviewed, predicted proteins of the UniProt database analyzed by the Pfam data base. 
a The identity of the LYRM domains was deduced using the bioinformatics tool, Standard Protein BLAST, with default parameters [ 83 ]; b mitochondrial protein; c also in Drosophila willistoni B4MJX9_DROWI, Drosophila pseudoobscura Q291R9_DROPS, Anopheles darling E3XFW0_ANODA, Solenopsis invicta E9IC99_SOLIN; d also in Talaromyces stipitatus B8M7E8_TALSN; e also in Aspergillus niger Q5BG81_EMENI, Emericella nidulans A2Q880_ASPNC. 
Sites of p53 Acetylation p53 HATs Involved Concurrent p53 Phosphorylation Cell Stimulus Key p53 Gene Targets Molecular Phenotype Biological Consequences. 
Molecular and Cellular Consequences Associated with p53 Acetylation a. 
a Incomplete summary highlighting key modifications of human p53 associated with certain molecular and cellular events; b The magnitude and type of cellular damage may differentially modulate the extent and pattern of p53 acetylation, thereby specifying its biological effects. For instance, more extensive, irreparable stress-induced DNA damage is associated with more complete p53 acetylation and induction of apoptosis; c p21-mediated inhibition of cyclin-dependent kinases (Cdks), including cyclin D-Cdk4, E-Cdk2 and A-Cdk2 complexes; d PML-NBs, Promyelocytic leukemia protein-nuclear bodies. 
CDK In complex with Cell cycle function Transcriptional function Other functions References. 
Functions of CDK/Cyclins. 
Target Deregulation Cancer Reference. 
CDK and cyclin aberrations associated with cancer. 
Inhibitor Type/Nature/Class Target References. 
Major CDK inhibitors. 
Category Molecule Name Molecule Type Molecules Co-involved in Cancer Cell Invasion. 
Extracellular molecules involved in cancer cell invasion. 
Trial Phase N Regimen Results. 
Summary of prospective trials evaluating biologic agents specifically in older patients with mCRC. 
Cap: capecitabine; Bev: bevacizumab; PFS: progression-free survival; RR: response rate; OS: overall survival; NS: not significant; XELOX: capecitabine + oxaliplatin; TTP: time to progression; CTX: cetuximab; CPT: irinotecan; survival is reported in months. 
Cell lines Histopathology Grade Stage Source Age TP53 mutation status* Growth in soft agar* Spheroid formation* Tumour formation in nude mouse* IGFBP7 mutation Genotype IGFBP7 locus IGFBP7 methylation IGFBP7 transcript expression IGFBP7 protein detection in total cell lysate Subcutaneous Intraperitoneal. 
IGFBP7 expression, mutation and genotyping analyses relative to EOC cell lines features and growth characteristics. 
*From Provencher et al. [ 19 ]; Ouellet et al. [ 46 ]; Cody et al [ 15 ]. n/d: not determined, LOH: Loss of heterozygosity, HET: heterozygote, AI: allelic imbalance. 
Demographic data. 
Grade according to the World Health Organization (WHO) grading system. 
Gene Cell lines GOS3 SW1783 T98G U87MG 2 ???Ct * P- value 2 ???Ct P- value 2 ???Ct P- value 2 ???Ct P- value. 
relative change in expression of genes of the treated cells compared with the control group. 
Progression Overall survival HR (95% CI) p HR (95% CI) p. 
CI, confidence interval; HR: hazard ratio; meth, methylation; Ref., reference value. 
Total Sample Progression Overall survival HR (95% CI) p HR (95% CI) p. 
CI, confidence interval; HR: hazard ratio; meth, methylation; Ref., reference value. 
Patient Age Gender TU location TU size Stage IHQ MMR Loss RAS Status Metastasis Other information. 
R= right sided, L= left sided, LN= lymph node, &= and; Stage=TNM; Tumor size = greatest diameter; IHQ= immunohistochemistry; MMR= Mismatch Repair Protein;. 
CBC= basal cell carcinoma of the skin, RCC= renal cell carcinoma, NA= not tested; WT= Wild Type for KRAS and NRAS; ASC= ascending; DESC= descending; TRANSV= transverser; NS= not specified; TU= tumor; REG= regional; SYNCHR= synchronous metastasis; METACHR= metachronous metastasis. 
Gene FC Pat. 2 FC Pat. 3 FC Pat. 4 FC Pat. 5 FC Pat. 6 FC Pat. 9 FC Pat. 10 FC Pat. 11 FC Pat. 12 Average FC p-value(from TDSIT). 
T/N ratio not calculated; both tumor and normal tissue calls were absent. 
Gene FC Pat. 2 FC Pat. 3 FC Pat. 4 FC Pat. 5 FC Pat. 6 FC Pat. 9 FC Pat. 10 FC Pat. 11 FC Pat. 12 Average FC p-value (from TDSIT). 
Gene FC Pat. 2 FC Pat. 3 FC Pat. 4 FC Pat. 5 FC Pat. 6 FC Pat. 9 FC Pat. 10 FC Pat. 11 FC Pat. 12 Average FC p-value (from TDSIT). 
The T/N value for patient 12 was not included. 
T/N ratio not calculated; both tumor and normal tissue calls were absent. 
Gene FC Pat. 2 FC Pat. 3 FC Pat. 4 FC Pat. 5 FC Pat. 6 FC Pat. 9 FC Pat. 10 FC Pat. 11 FC Pat. 12 Average FC p-value (from TDSIT). 
Gene FC Pat. 2 FC Pat. 3 FC Pat. 4 FC Pat. 5 FC Pat. 6 FC Pat. 9 FC Pat. 10 FC Pat. 11 FC Pat. 12 Average FC p-value (from TDSIT). 
All calls were absent. 
Sequence of primers used in QPCR. 
Protein name NCBI BLAST Number of matched peptides Sequence coverage (%) Theoretical Mr(Da)/pI Score Expect. 
MALDI-TOF-based identification of ezrin. 
IC 50 (µM) a Selectivity index (SI b ). 
Cytotoxic activities of cyproheptadine in HCC cell lines after 24 h of treatment. 
aData are expressed as the means?±?SD of ?4 replicates. 
bAn SI value >2.6 indicates a high degree of cytotoxic selectivity. 
cNormal human hepatocytes. 
FGFs Models Outcomes Animals Ref. ? In vivo Ex vivo In vitro Types Members Genetic manipulations Recombinant proteins Recombinant proteins and so forth. 
Roles of FGFs in bone. 
?: increase; ?: decrease. Ref.: References. 
Model Initial TM Dimer Structure  Fscor crossing A_rotation res.4, 11 B_rotation res 4, 11 Initial contacts. 
Model Final with extensions   Fscor crossing A_rotation, res. 4, 11 B_rotation, res. 4, 11 RMSD to initial (Å) Comments on final structure. 
Comparison Initial vs. Last in Model1 (clock) Last vs. Last Model1, TM vs. TM in TM-JM Initial vs. Last, in same Model2 (anticlock) Last vs. Last, TM vs. TM in TM-JM Model2. 
RMSD values between the TM regions in the TM only trimers, comparing initial and final structures (a) and RMSD between the TM in the TM only and in the TM-JM structure, both with respect to their own initial (b.1) and with respect to each others final structures (b.2). We also compare the total deviation of the TM-JM structure (initial vs. final) (c) and similarly to a) compare the RMSD of the JM region between initial and final structures (d). 
Comparison Initial vs. Last Model1 (LH/parallel) Last vs. Last Model1, TM vs. TM in TM-JM Initial vs. Last, same Model2 (RH) Last vs. Last, TM vs. TM in TM-JM Model2. 
See Legend for Table 3 . 
Cancer type Role of PPAR ? TZD Experimental model Result Reference. 
Relationship between protective role of PPAR ? expression and efficacy of TZDs in therapy. 
PPAR ? expression on tumor progression: promotion: ?; protection: ?; no effect: ?; CR: complete response; PR: partial response; SD: stable disease; sc: subcutaneous implantation of tumor cells. 
Cancer type Role of PPAR ? expression TZD Experimental model Result Reference. 
Summary of data on chemopreventive effects of TZDs in animal and human epidemiological studies. 
PPAR ? expression on tumor progression: promotion: ?; protection: ?. 
TZD Additional compound Model Effect Reference. 
Results of therapies combining TZDs with other antitumor treatments. 
Organs IGF-1 action Promoter Reference. 
IGF-1 transgenic mice with tissue-specific IGF-1 overexpression. 
IGFBPs Mass (kDa) Source of purification Relative binding affinity for IGFs. 
Human insulin-like growth factor binding proteins. 
IGFBPs Expression Results of inhibiting IGFBP activity Reference. 
Consequences of inhibiting IGFBP activity and cancer. 
Proteolytic cleavage sites IGFBP protease Reference. 
Summary of IGFBP proteases and their proteolytic cleavage sites. 
Small molecule inhibitor Mode of action Effects Reference. 
Few examples of small molecule TKIs (tyrosine kinase inhibitors) directed against IGF receptors. 
Monoclonal antibody Class Clinical information. 
Few examples of anti-IGF-RI monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) [ 223 ]. 
Active phytochemicals Natural source Mode of action Molecular target. 
Natural products perturbing IGF signalling pathways. 
patient age gender stadium Ig-type time since diagnosis (months) prior therapies. 
ABSCT: autologous stem cell transplantation. 
AUY: NVP-AUY922. 
BPT: bortezomib, prednisone and thalidomide. 
Dexa: dexamethasone. 
HD-Melphalan: high dose melphalan. 
MPV: melphalan, prednisone and bortezomib. 
PAD: prednisone, adriamycin and dexamethasone. 
RAD: revlimid, adriamycin and dexamethasone. 
RD: revlimid and dexamethasone. 
VCD: bortezomib, cyclophosphamide and dexamethasone. 
Samples Reads (raw data/after cleaning) Base No (raw data/after cleaning). 
Type Number. 
EST ID Gene name E-value Accession no. Organism KEGG ID. 
Cell type Endosome marker or cargo Growth factor Endosome number * Endosome area (?m2) Increase in number of smaller vesicles. 
Changes in endosome number and area. 
DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.06156.033. 
Endosome number is expressed as the difference from the control or non-stimulated cells. The value shows the number of endosomes per 1000 ?m2 of area covered by cells. 
HeLa cells after knock-down of EEA1, Rabenosyn5, and Vps45. All values show mean ± SEM. 
? Comodule 1680 MFRM 1860-1 MFRM 1860-2 MFRM 1860-3 MFRM 1860-4. 
Multiobjective GA on comodule 1860. 
aThe mRNAs were not enriched on any MM associated biological process. 
MicroRNAs expression Normal tissue CIN1–CIN3 CC Reference. 
Differentially expressed profile microRNAs in normal squamous epithelium, CIN1-3, and CC. 
Cancer Type of biomarker miRNAs biomarkers Reference. 
Types of specific miRNAs biomarkers in different cancers. 
Cancer miRNAs as biomarkers Expression Reference. 
miRNAs as potential biomarkers in FFPE samples. 
Cancer Samples miRNAs biomarkers Expression Reference. 
Potential miRNAs biomarkers for types of cancers in blood and other body fluids. 
Variable N (%). 
Demographic characteristics. 
Variable N (%). 
ER ? 1 biomarker distribution. 
Variable ER+ ER? TNBC. 
Demographic characteristic of archival ER+, ER?, and TNBC breast samples. 
? Parameters Sham CLP CLP + SP600125. 
SP600125 effects on lung histologic damage in CLP mice. ??? is for P < 0.0001. 
PCSC Marker Profile Source of PCSCs Evidence for PCSC Activity in vivo. 
Abbreviations: 1° primary; 2° secondary; hi high activity; HLAI human leukocyte antigen class I; IC immunocompromised; OT orthotopic; PCa prostate cancer; TS testosterone-supplemented; SC subcutaneous. 
NF2+/+ NF2?/? Malignancy Arachnoid cell AC07 (?M) Benign MN328 (?M) Malignant MN525 (?M) Benign Ben-Men-1 (?M) Malignant KT21-MG1 (?M). 
Cells were treated with varying concentrations of inhibitors for 72 hrs. 
Gene name Function Microarray SILAC WB 1   FC q-value FC q-value FC. 
FC = fold-change (negative of the inverse). 
FC determined by densitometric analysis. 
Gene name Function FC q-value. 
FC = fold-change. 
Official Symbol Other Aliases Gene ID Gene Location Histone Substrates. 
Gene Gene Location Amp Gain Diploid Hetloss Homdel Mutation. 
Footnote: Amp=high-level amplification; Gain=low-level gain; Hetloss=heterozygous deletion; Homdel= homozygous deletion. Genes were ranked based on the frequency of high-level amplification. 
Gene DNA/mRNA Correlation Basal/non-basal Comparison Spearman Kendall Pearson T Stat P value. 
Footnote: Genes were ranked based on the Spearman correlation coefficient. Significantly higher expression of HMTs in the basal-like subtype is highlighted in dark gray, and significantly lower expression is highlighted in little gray. T stat represents the T statistic, which is equivalent to the number of standard deviations of mRNA expression levels between the basal-like and nonbasal breast cancer samples. A positive value means that the basal-like subtype has a higher value, and a negative value means that the basal-like subtype has a lower value than the nonbasal breast cancer samples. 
Gene CNA/Mutations CNA/Survival DNA/mRNA Expression mRNA/Survival Score. 
Footnote: CNA/Mutation: high-level amplification, homozygous deletion, or mutation; CNA/Survival: CNA associated with patient survival; DNA/mRNA: DNA/mRNA correlation; Expression: altered expression in aggressive basal-subtype ; and mRNA/Survival: mRNA associated with patient survival. 
MiRNA name Patient 1 Patient 2 Patient 3 Healthy volunteer Fold change Chr. 
Parameters Low miR-216b expression ( N =90) High miR-216b expression ( N =60) ? 2 -Test. 
Abbreviations: AFP, alpha-fetoprotein; PVTT, portal vein tumor thrombosis. *Means P <0.05. 
Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis. 
*Means P <0.05. 
Characteristic RUFY3   Case ( n ) Mean±S.D. P-value. 
Indicated statistical significance ( P <0.05). 
  RUFY3 a n P -value Spearman's correlation   Higher Lower     R - value P -value. 
Number of cancers with reduced or increased levels of RUFY3 relative to non-tumor adjacent tissues. 
Number of cancers with reduced or increased levels of PAK1 protein relative to non-tumor adjacent tissues. 
Indicated statistical significance ( P <0.05). 
Indicated statistical significance ( P <0.01, two-tailed). 
Variable Total ( n ) IGFBP-rP1 expression r P -value     Low ( n (%)) High ( n (%))    . 
* P <0.05, ? 2 test. 
r , Spearman rank correlation test. 
Variable Total ( n ) IGFBP-rP1 expression r P -value     Low ( n (%)) High ( n (%))    . 
* P <0.05, ? 2 test. 
r , Spearman rank correlation test. 
Gene BCL-XL BCL2 MCL1 KLF5 KLF4. 
Using cBioPortal, the mutual inclusivity/exclusivity of KLF4/5 and anti-apoptotic BCL2 family member expression was assessed in 958 human breast tumors using a ±1.5 z -score range. Transcript abundance was determined by microarray. P -values were obtained by Fisher's exact T -test (bold indicates significance). 
Denotes an odds ratio (OR) range of 2–10. For this analysis, OR >2.0 signifies cooccurrence of expression within the tumor subsets as defined by the z -score. 
  HF-Veh HF-ZJ001 Normal-Veh. 
Data represent the mean±SEM of six to eight mice. Mice were induced into obesity after 8 weeks on high-fat diet and treated with vehicle or ZJ001 orally at a dose of 15 mg·kg?1·d?1 for 7 weeks. Mice were fasted for 6 h before collecting the blood samples. b P <0.05, c P <0.01 compared with HF-Veh group. ND, not determined. 
  Sham-PBS (n=10) BDL-PBS (n=10) BDL-EGCG (n=10). 
bP<0.05 vs sham control group. 
eP<0.05 vs BDL-PBS control group. 
Significantly-regulated HeLa cell proteins . 
Red and pink indicate degrees of up-regulation; green indicates down-regulation; –, not significantly regulated; n.d., not detected; *Record removed from NCBI . 
Name (aliases) Functions in the nervous system Upstream signals Neurological disease relevance Other targeted GTPases. 
Summary of Rac GEFs and GAPs in the nervous system. 
# UniProtKB Gene symbol Gene ID Description * ** ^ ^^ #. 
(?), Identified in corresponding proteomic studies: * [58], ** [61], ^ [62], ^^ [60], # [39]. List of all proteins (133) identified in DRMs from adult WT and Fmr1 KO mouse brain. List includes proteins identified in three, two or one experiment. Entry descriptors: UniProtKB, UniProt Knowledgebase database (UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot) Mus musculus protein entry name; gene symbol, Mus musculus ; Entrez Gene ID, National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) Entrez Mus musculus gene ID. Columns annotated with symbols (*, **, ^, ^^, #) correspond to proteomic studies listed in appended references that reported identification of the corresponding protein in lipid rafts. 
# UniProtKB Gene symbol Entrez ID Ave KO/WT Sdev P -value  Description. 
List of proteins (85) identified and quantified in three independent experiments in WT and Fmr1 KO brain DRMs. Numbers highlighted in bold correspond to proteins with significantly different abundance in FMR1 KO rafts. Indicated are mean ratio of Fmr1 KO vs . WT (KO/WT), standard deviation (Sdev) and p -value (t-test) in relation to internal reference (HSP7C, mean ± sdev, 1.01 ± 0.064), with p <0.05 considered significant. Entry descriptors: UniProtKB, UniProt Knowledgebase database (UniProtKB/Swiss-Prot) Mus musculus protein entry name; gene symbol, Mus musculus ; Entrez Gene ID, National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) Entrez Mus musculus gene ID. 
GOTERM _CC Term Count % P value Fold enrich. Bonferroni Benjamini. 
Gene ontology (GO) terms annotation conducted with DAVID classification system (v. 6.7) using a list of proteins (85) identified and quantified in three independent experiments in WT and Fmr1 KO brain DRMs and Mus musculus genome reference background. Selected GO terms for Cellular Components (GOTERM_CC), Molecular Function (GOTERM_MF) and Biological Process (GOTERM_BP) over-represented in genes included in brain raft proteome. Term , GO term description; Count , number of genes annotated with a given term; % , percentage of genes annotated with a given term; P value , significance of gene-term enrichment; Fold enrichment , geometric mean of all the enrichment P values of associated terms; Bonferroni and Benjamini-Hochberg , P -value correction. Redundant or broad GO terms associated with many genes are not listed. 
# Gene symbol. 
Identified raft proteins that are encoded by RNA transcripts regulated by FMRP, based on a genome-wide HITS-CLIP study in mouse brain [ 8 ]. 
localization apoptosis proliferation EMT   HEK293 vs. transf. 10% FCS vs. 0% FCS CFP vs. YFP Caspase 3 + 10% FCS Caspase 3 + 0% FCS Ki67 CyclinB1 Vimentin E-Cadherin Gene tissue expression Hek293 Panc1 Hek293 Panc1 Hek293 Panc1 Hek293 Panc1 Hek293 Panc1 Panc1. 
Recurring differences between transfected and non-transfected cells were graded as “++” (strong effects), “+” (moderate but reproducible effects) and “(+)” (weak and/or variable effects). Expression of the genes as determined by microarray analyses of primary human tissues is indicated. “Up”: genes overexpressed in human PDAC; “Down”: genes downregulated in human PDAC; “PanIN”: genes selected from the analyses of microdissected PanIN lesions. 
Ginger (mg/ml) IC 50 Gelam honey (mg/ml) Combination Index (CI). 
The combination index (CI) for combined ginger and Gelam honey on HT29 cell line. 
Combination index, CI was determined according to Chou and Talalay [ 30 ] as explained in the Methods section. Additivity, CI?=?1; antagonism, CI = >1; synergism, CI = <1. 
Tumour ID Type of tumour Gene Mutation type. 
Mutations detected in inherited PCC/PGL/HNPGL genes. 
Tumour ID Clinical diagnosis Type of tumour Gene Codon change Aminoacid change Allele frequency. 
Oncogene mutations identified in next generation sequencing analysis of 85 PCC/PGL/HNPGL. 
Study Frequency of HRAS mutations in phaeochromocytoma Frequency of HRAS mutations in paraganglioma Frequency of HRAS mutations in HNPGL All Positive samples Sporadic Positive samples Inherited All Positive samples Sporadic Positive samples Inherited All Positive samples Sporadic Positive samples Inherited. 
Meta-analysis of HRAS mutations in phaeochromocytoma, paraganglioma, and HNPGL. 
Study Overall frequency of? HRAS mutations Frequency of HRAS in PCC/PGL? with unknown mutations Frequency of HRAS in PCC ?with unknown mutations ? All Positive samples ? All Positive samples ? All Positive samples. 
HRAS mutations frequencies in phaeochromocytoma and paraganglioma. 
Gene Change % Viability Z-Score p-value. 
Gene Log Ratio ?-Gal Z-Score p-value. 
Phenotype GO number GO term Genes Total in population Q-value. 
0.5 Gy 4 Gy  Symbol Name Function Delta % Viability B-Gal Fold Change Delta % Viability B-Gal Fold Change Reason Selected. 
miR-126-5p P-value Low High. 
Patient characteristics. 
A statistical analysis for single comparisons was performed using a two-tailed ?2 test. Comparisons between 2 groups were analyzed with the Mann-Whitney U test. NS, not significant; M, male; F, female. 
Gene miR-126-5p P-value Low, n (%) High, n (%). 
Gene mutation status. 
A statistical analysis for single comparisons was performed using a two-tailed ?2 test or Fisher’s exact test (expected frequency <5). NS, not significant. 
The gene mutation of BCR-ABL was observed in the low expression group. 
Gene miR-126-5p P-value Low High. 
Relative expression levels of the gene-related abnormalities in AML. 
Values are represented as the mean ± standard deviation. Comparisons between the 2 groups were performed with the Mann-Whitney U test. NS, not significant. Relative expression levels were evaluated using glucose-phosphate isomerase ( GPI ) as a reference gene. 
NC miR-126-5p Mimic Inhibitor. 
Effects of the mimic or inhibitor miR-126-5p transfection on drug sensitivity in the KG-1 cells. 
The control group was transfected with negative control RNA. Values are represented as the mean ± standard error. Comparisons with the negative control group were performed with the Tukey-Kramer test. 
p<0.05. NC, negative control. 
Clinical factors Cases (%) IL-6 expression P-value Negative Low High. 
Association of IL-6 expression with clinical characteristics in OSCC. 
Values expressed as a number of patients. Chi-squared test are used to assess the significant differences between each group. N.S., not significant. 
IL-6 expression Pathologic response Effective (IIb-IV) Non-effective (I-IIa). 
Association of IL-6 immunoreactivity with histopathologic tumor response to preoperative chemoradiotherapy. 
Values expressed as a number of patientz. Chi-squared test was used to assess the significant differences between each group (aP<0.05, negative vs. low group; bP<0.01, negative vs. high group). 
NHPs/NPs Target (decrease). 
Natural health products that target the angiogenesis pathways. 
Compound Molecular formula Monoisotopic mass. 
Compounds identified in standardized GMP decoction of dandelion roots by UPLC MS QTOF. 
Totals Transcripts. 
Type # Unique Transcripts   Reference, anti-viral function. 
Immunohistochemistry NDM CIN 1 CIN 2/3. 
Abbreviations: NDM—non-dysplastic mucosa; CIN—cervical intraepithelial neoplasia. 
Ratio OR 95% CI p -value. 
Abbreviations: OR—Odds ratio; NDM—non-dysplastic mucosa; CIN—cervical intraepithelial neoplasia. 
Coefficients Estimate (95% CI) SE z-score p value. 
Log-likelihood: -136.46. 
Abbreviations: SE—Standard error; NDM—non-dysplastic mucosa; CIN—cervical intraepithelial neoplasia. 
* Identifiability constraints proposed proposed by Anderson [ 26 ]. 
Fusion PAs PMAs LGGN DA and PXA Total. 
Distribution of gene fusions among different LGG subtypes. 
Fusion genes were identified as described in materials and methods. Others include Desmoplastic infantile astrocytoma, diffuse fibrillary astrocytoma, ganaglioglioma, DNT, PXA and low grade glial glioneural tumors. 
Networks Number of genes Number of gene pairs Number of AD genes. 
Comparisons of the HPRD PPI and GGCRN networks. 
r HPRD PPI GGCRN Union network. 
Comparisons of the results of disease gene mining in 3 networks. 
Genes Rank in the results of HPRD Rank in the results of Union network. 
The 10 candidate genes uncommon between the HPRD PPI and Union networks. 
Variable HR (95% CI) p Value. 
Univariate and multivariate Cox regression analyses of potential correlations between different clinicopathological parameters and survival of patients with CRC. 
p Values <0.05 were bolded. 
Low TNM staging and mutation(s) in a five-gene signature composed of CDH10 , COL6A3 , SMAD4 , TMEM132D and VCAN conferred significantly lower hazard ratios in both analyses. Patients with undermined MSI status were excluded from univariate analysis but included in multivariate analysis. Patients with missing survival data were excluded from both analyses. 
MSI, microsatellite instability. 
Antagonist Chemical name Isoform targeted In vitro data In vivo data Additional information Refs. 
Antagonists and agonists of EPAC activity. 
Pyrimidine: cyclohexyl (ESI-08), cyclopentyl (HJC0197), or cyclopropyl (HJC0198). 
Bioluminescence resonance energy transfer . 
Cell line Receptor status EGFR expression (%) Positivity ErbB4 expression (%) Positivity. 
Receptor status for the H-series of cell lines. 
Number Compound? Type of ligand Reference. 
Synthetic ligands at melatonin receptors. 
*For ligands with low selectivity to the MT1 and MT2 and also for the MT3 and RZR/ROR ligands, the values of the dissociation constants for receptor complex are shown as K i 1, K i 2, K i 3, K i R , respectively. For ligands of high selectivity, the ratios of the dissociation constants are given, K i 1/ K i 2 or K i 2/ K i 1. 
2D structures of experimentally determined inhibitors utilized for pharmacophore development [ 38 ]. 
ID Survival Site Vector Volume Selectivity Number of Matches. 
Scores of pharmacophore hypotheses generated in Phase. 
Cluster 1 Cluster 2 Cluster 3. 
2D structures of selected hits with docking scores in kcal/mol. 
Cluster Name Title Initial Ranking Docking score Bound energy Free energy Strain energy Strain penalty Glide Emodel. 
Docking results of selected hits in kcal/mol. 
Name Titlea MWb HB donorc HB acceptord SASAe QP?log?HERGf QP?log?Sg QP?log?Po/wh % Human Oral Absorptioni. 
ADME and druglikeness properties of the selected ligands by QikProp. 
aZINC IDs. 
bMolecular weight (acceptable range: <500). 
cHydrogen bond donor (acceptable range: ?5). 
dHydrogen bond acceptor (acceptable range: ?10). 
eTotal Solvent Accessible Surface Area in Å2 using a probe with a 1.4?Å radius (acceptable range: 300–1000). 
fPredicted IC50 value for blockage of HERG K+ channels (concern: below ?5). 
gPredicted aqueous solubility, S in mol/dm?3 (acceptable range: ?6.5–0.5). 
hPredicted octanol/water partition coefficient (acceptable range: ?2–6.5). 
iPredicted human oral absorption on 0 to 100% scale (<25% is poor and >80% is high). 
Name Title ExoSGAP SptPGAP Docking score Strain penalty Arg146 bonding Docking score Strain penalty Arg209 bonding. 
Glide XP results of selected hits docked to ExoSGAP and SptPGAP. All values are shown in kcal/mol. 
Accession no. Gene Forward (F) and reverse (R) primer sequences. 
Sequences of oligonucleotide primers used for quantitative real-time RT-PCR. 
Gene Forward (F) and reverse (R) primer sequences. 
Sequences of oligonucleotide primers used for ChIP assay. 
mRNA (MNE) ABW ( n  = 12) LBW ( n  = 7). 
mRNA expression of components of the cardiac RAS in ABW and LBW lambs. 
Values are mean ± SEM ( n ). 
Significantly different from ABW lambs ( P  <   0.05). ABW, average birth weight; LBW, low birth weight; MNE, mean normalized expression. 
mRNA (MNE) ABW ( n  = 12) LBW ( n  = 7). 
mRNA expression of factors associated with cardiac angiogenesis in ABW and LBW lambs. 
Values are mean ± SEM. 
Significantly different from ABW lambs ( P  <   0.05). ABW, average birth weight; LBW, low birth weight; MNE, mean normalized expression. 
mRNA (MNE) ABW ( n  = 12) LBW ( n  = 7). 
mRNA expression of factors associated with cardiac remodeling in ABW and LBW lambs. 
Values are mean ± SEM. ABW, average birth weight; LBW, low birth weight; MNE, mean normalized expression. 
HUGO/MGI Symbol Name Alternative Symbol Name, Comments. 
Nomenclature of the Mammalian Fgf and Fgfr family. 
Gene Name Viability /Age at Death of Null Mutant Null Phenotype (Organ, Structure, or Cell Type Affected) Tissue-Specific (Conditional) Phenotypes, Redundant Phenotypes, Phenotypes Induced by Physiological Challenge Selected References. 
Phenotypes of Null and Tissue-Specific Fgf Mutations. 
Gene Name Mutation Associated Disease Selected References. 
Heritable Mutations in FGFs Associated with Disease in Humans (and Mice). 
Gene Name Mutation Type of Cancer Selected References. 
Acquired and Heritable Mutations in FGFs and FGFRs in Malignancy. 
Cancer type Expression Ephs/ephrins References. 
Expression of Eph receptors and ephrin ligands in cancers compared with normal tissues. 
Treatment Target Tumour References. 
Strategies targeting Eph receptors and ephrin ligands for cancer therapy. 
mRNA Primer sequence. 
Sequences of gene-specific primers used for PCR amplification. 
Apparent KA ratio rhTRAIL-C3 / WT rhTRAIL by SPR. 
SPR measurements of DR4 and DR5 binding affinities and competitive ELISA for DR4 and DR5, and decoy receptors, DcR1 and DcR2. Apparent KA and EC50 ratios were calculated relative to WT rhTRAIL. 
DR4 DR5 DcR1 DcR2. 
TRAIL receptor cell surface expression in primary AML blasts. 
+: Low level of expression (geometric mean on histogram is 120–200% of isotype control); ++: medium level of expression (geometric mean is 200–300% of isotype control); +++: high level of expression (geometric mean is more than 300% of isotype control). 
Sample number Sex Age Primary/secondary? WBC Karyotype Cytogenetic risk group FABsubtype Treatment intensity Clinical Outcome. 
Clinical parameters for patient samples studied for TRAIL receptor. 
M: male; F: female; WBC: white blood cell count; CR: complete remission; FAB: French–American–British classification. 
Passage 3 Passage 36. 
DNA from early and late passages of HGUE-C-1 cells was tested for mutational status of TP53 , BRAF (V600E), KRAS (codons 12 and 13) and PIK3CA (exons 9 and 20). 
Items Subjects. 
Clinical characteristics of asthma patients. 
FVC, forced vital capacity; FEV1, forced expiratory volume in the first second; ppb, parts per billion; FeNO, fraction of exhaled nitric oxide. * Median (range). 
Drug Thyroid Cancer Responses Authors PR SD PD PFS (months). 
Clinical trials of Sorafenib in patients with thyroid cancer. 
Anaplastic thyroid cancer (ATC); dedifferentiated thyroid cancer (DeTC); medullary thyroid cancer (MTC); partial response (PR); progressive disease (PD); progression-free survival (PFS); stable disease (SD). 
Drug Thyroid Cancer Responses Authors PR SD PD PFS (months). 
Clinical trials of Sunitinib in patients with thyroid cancer. 
Anaplastic thyroid cancer (ATC); complete response (CR); dedifferentiated thyroid cancer (DeTC); medullary thyroid cancer (MTC); partial response (PR); progressive disease (PD); progression-free survival (PFS); stable disease (SD). 
Drug Thyroid Cancer Responses Authors PR SD PD PFS (months). 
Clinical trials of Vandetanib in patients with thyroid cancer. 
Dedifferentiated thyroid cancer (DeTC); medullary thyroid cancer (MTC); partial response (PR); progressive disease (PD); progression-free survival (PFS); stable disease (SD). 
Drug Thyroid Cancer Responses Authors PR SD PD PFS (months). 
Clinical trials with BRAF inhibitors in patients with thyroid cancer. 
Dedifferentiated thyroid cancer (DeTC); partial response (PR); progressive disease (PD); progression-free survival (PFS); stable disease (SD). 
Group Dose Animal number Number of animals Mortality Livability (?g/g) (n) dead/dosed p q. 
The result of acute toxicity of G5 PAMAM nanoparticles in mice. 
The percent mortality was recorded at 48 hrs after treatment with G5 PAMAM nanoparticles. 
Cancer CRT levels* Clinical outcomes Reference. 
Expression of CRT in different cancers. 
?: increased; ?: decreased. 
*CRT levels in tumor tissue except ovarian carcinoma in effusion fluids. 
#Higher levels of CRT seem to correlate with good prognosis for the diseases. 
Presenting signs or symptoms Sporadic LAM TSC-LAM. 
Clinical features of LAM. 
Note: Adapted with permission from Ryu JH, Moss J, Beck GJ, et al. The NHLBI Lymphangioleiomyomatosis Registry. Characteristics of 230 patients at enrollment. Am J Respir Crit Care Med . 2006;173(1):105–111. Copyright © 2006 American Thoracic Society. 1 And Avila NA, Dwyer AJ, Rabel A, Moss J. Sporadic lymphangioleiomyomatosis and tuberous sclerosis complex with lymphangioleiomyomatosis, comparison of CT features. Radiology . 2007;242(1):277–285. Copyright © 2007 Radiological Society of North America. 28. 
Abbreviations: LAM, lymphangioleiomyomatosis; TSC, tuberous sclerosis complex. 
Functional abnormality Sporadic LAM TSC-LAM. 
Pulmonary function abnormalities in LAM. 
Note: Adapted with permission from Ryu JH, Moss J, Beck GJ, et al. The NHLBI Lymphangioleiomyomatosis Registry. Characteristics of 230 patients at enrollment. Am J Respir Crit Care Med . 2006;173(1):105–111. Copyright © 2006 American Thoracic Society. 1. 
Abbreviations: LAM, lymphangioleiomyomatosis; TSC, tuberous sclerosis complex; FEV1, forced expiratory volume in the first second; FVC, forced vital capacity; DLCO, lung diffusion capacity for carbon monoxide; RV, residual volume; TLC, total lung capacity. 
Cardiopulmonary exercise abnormalities in LAM. 
Abbreviations: LAM, lymphangioleiomyomatosis; VO2 max, peak oxygen uptake; SaO2, arterial oxygen tension; VE/VCO2, ventilatory equivalent for CO2; AT, anaerobic threshold. 
Gene Sample Early gestation C/S % Hypermethyl. % Inter. methyl. % Hypomethyl. % Hypermethyl. % Inter. methyl. % Hypomethyl. 
The percentage of gene alleles that were hypermethylated, intermediately methylated, and hypomethylated for ACE , AGTR1 , ATP6AP2 , CTSD , and KLK1 in placenta from women in early gestation ( n = 4) or at delivery in late gestation in the absence of labour ( n = 4, C/S). 
Inter. = intermediate, methyl. = methylation. Samples with no value (—) had a DNA template in which ?25% was digestion-resistant from combined methylation sensitive and resistant enzymes. 
? ACE1 AGTR1 ATP6AP2 CTSD KLK1. 
Associations between labour associated inflammatory genes ( PTGS2 , BMP2 , NAMPT , and CXCL2 ) and steroid receptor genes ( PGR , ESR1 , and NR3C1 ) allele hypermethylation and the percentage of gene alleles that were hypermethylated in ACE , AGTR1 , ATP6AP2 , CTSD , and KLK1 in amnion and decidua. 
ns = not significant. 
Week FBG (mM) TC (mM) HDL-C (mM) LDL-C (mM) TG (mM). 
Glucose and lipid analysis at 0-, 8-, and 16-week diabetic duration in BALB/c mice. 
Data expressed as mean ± SEM. 
# P < 0.01 versus age-matched control mice. 
FBG, fasting blood glucose; TC, total cholesterol; HDL-C, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; LDL-C, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; TG, triglyceride. 
cDNA Forward primer Reverse primer. 
Sequences of forward and reverse primer. 
HMGR, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase; FPPS, farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase; SQS, squalene synthase; GGPPS, geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate synthase; FNT- ? , farnesyltransferase- ? ; GGT-1 ? , geranylgeranyltransferase-1 ? . 
Group Body weight (g) Fasting blood glucose (mmol/L) Blood glucose at 2 hours in OGTT (mmol/L) Fasting plasma insulin (mU/L) Insulin resistance index. 
Comparison of body weight, fasting blood glucose, blood glucose at 2 hours in OGTT, fasting plasma insulin, and insulin resistance index. 
CN: normal diet control group; HFD: high fat and high sucrose diets group and * P < 0.05 compared with control group; n : the number of samples; OGTT: oral glucose tolerance test. 
Group The number of samples Kallikrein 1 integral optical density value. 
Expression of kallikrein 1 in renal tissue. 
Group 1, normal control group; group 2, diabetic nephropathy control group; group 3, benazepril (10?mg/kg/d); group 4, irbesartan (30?mg/kg/d); and group 5, benazepril (10?mg/kg/d) & irbesartan (30?mg/kg/d); and compared with group 1, * P < 0.05; compared with group 2, # P < 0.05; compared with group 3, ? P < 0.05; compared with group 4, ? P < 0.05. 
Sample name Raw reads 1 Clean reads 2 Cleanbases 3 Error rate 4 (%) Q20 5 (%) Q30 6 (%) GC content 7 (%). 
1 The numbers of original data sequence. 
2 The filtered data sequence. 
3 Qphred = - 10 log 10( e ). 
4 the sequence length multiplied by the number of sequencing. 
5 The percentage of bases with a Phred value>20. 
6 The percentage of bases with a Phred value>30. 
7 The percentage of bases number of G and C. 
Event of mapping Sample Ggt culture Ggt -infected wheat roots. 
1Total number of reads mapped on the Ggt genome. 
2Total number of reads mapped to multiple locations in Ggt genome. 
3Total number of reads mapped to uniquely locations in the Ggt genome. 
4 The two directions of the paired-end sequencing. 
5 The two directions of the paired-end sequencing. 
6Total number of reads mapped to positive strand of Ggt genome. 
7 Total number of reads mapped to negative strand of Ggt genome. 
Sample RPKM level 0~1 1~3 3~15 15~60 >60. 
RPKM levels were chosen based on divisions described in [ 22 ]. 
DEG number qRT-PCR 1 RPKM 2. 
1 qRT-PCR ratio was determined from the log2 of the? ?? CT values from the Ggt -infected wheat root sample divided by that from the Ggt in culture. 
2 RPKM ratio determined by the log2 of the RPKM value from the Ggt -infected wheat roots divided by that of the Ggt culture sample. 
FGSC, Fungal Genetics Stock Center. 
Bold and underlined letters indicate argB complement sequence. 
Bold letters indicate restriction enzyme linker. 
Average number of mature cleistothecia per cm2 of 3 different area of a plate was calculated: -, < 1; +, 1~50; ++, 50~100; +++, > 100. 
In all cases, plates were incubated under dark condition to enhance cleistothecium development. 
BC-819 BC-821 siRNA* Anti-miR*. 
Comparison between different possible therapeutic agents for lung cancer. 
ND: Not determined. 
* Could be engineered through DNA plasmid vectors and thus have mostly the characteristics of plasmid vectors. 
The table summarizes different aspects related to the therapeutic tools showing advantages and disadvantages of each tool where possible. 
Drug Target(s) Phase Identifier *. 
Selected clinical trials for EGFR-resistant NSCLC. 
Note:. 
Identifier from ClinicalTrials.gov . 
Abbreviations: EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; Hsp90, heat shock protein 90; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinases; MTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; HDAC, histone deacetylase inhibitor. 
Therapeutic Target(s) Phase Identifier *. 
Selected clinical trials using ALK inhibitors. 
Note:. 
Identifier from ClinicalTrials.gov . 
Abbreviations: ALK, anaplastic lymphoma receptor tyrosine kinase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; Hsp90, heat shock protein 90. 
Drug Target(s) Phase Identifier *. 
Selected clinical trials for FGFR1 in SCC. 
Note:. 
Identifier from ClinicalTrials.gov . 
Abbreviations: FGFR1, fibroblast growth factor receptor I; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; VEGFR, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor; PDGFR, platelet-derived growth factor receptor. 
Drug Target(s) Phase Identifier *. 
Selected clinical trials for PIK3CA in SCC. 
Note:. 
Identifier from ClinicalTrials.gov . 
Abbreviations: PIK3CA, phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase, catalytic subunit alpha; SCC, squamous cell carcinoma; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinases. 
Drug Target(s) Phase Identifier *. 
Selected clinical trials for mtKRAS tumors. 
Note:. 
Identifier from ClinicalTrials.gov . 
Abbreviations: mtKRAS, activating KRAS mutations; Hsp90, heat shock protein 90; MTOR, mammalian target of rapamycin; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinases; CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase; EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Drug Target(s) Tumor Phase Identifier *. 
Selected clinical trials targeting TP53. 
Note:. 
Identifier from ClinicalTrials.gov . 
Abbreviations: TP53, tumor protein p53; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer. 
HUGO approved name Symbol Other. 
HUGO approved name and symbol. 
Abbreviation: HUGO, Human Genome Organisation. 
Rank Entrez Gene name Gene discription AgriGO ID FC. 
List of the most differentially expressed genes between blastocyst and morula. 
The 25 most differentially expressed genes (?30-fold; p???0.05) between blastocyst and morula are listed. FC?=?fold-change and positive values indicate higher expression in blastocyst and negative values have higher expression in morula. 
% Frequency in SSc Disease subtype Clinical associations Prognosis. 
Frequency and clinical correlations of systemic sclerosis (SSc) autoantibodies . 
dcSSc, diffuse cutaneous SSc; lcSSc, limited cutaneous SSc; MCTD, mixed connective tissue disease; RNP, ribonucleoprotein; TRIM, tripartite motif . 
% Frequency in SSc Pathogenic roles in SSc. 
Pathogenic autoantibodies in systemic sclerosis (SSc) . 
ECM, extracellular matrix; MMP, matrix metalloproteinase; PDGF, platelet derived growth factor; TGF, transforming growth factor . 
Substrate UBIAD1 V max K m V max/ K m mutation (pmol/min/mg protein) (nM) (×10?3). 
N.D.: not detected. WT: wild type. 
Motif Gene ontology (GO) term Category * p-value. 
Gene ontology analysis for overrepresented Motifs in peak regions. 
Statistical significance of associated gene ontology term. 
Accession numbers Associate function Name Function related to the cell wall (CW) Virulence of loss-of-function mutant Reference. 
The table lists all A. fumigatus mutant strains that show an altered CW structure and were reported to be involved in virulence. 
Protein Lys-Ac Sites Ref   Human Mouse Rat . 
Acetylation sites in the insulin signaling pathway. 
IR, Insulin receptor; IRS1/2, Insulin receptor substrate-1/2; p85, p50, p55, p110, PI3K subunits; PDK1,3-Phosphoinositide dependent protein kianse 1, mTORC2, Mammalian target of rapamycin complex 2; Rictor, Raptor independent companion of mTOR; Akt1, v-akt murine thymom viral oncogene homolog 1; Akt2, v-akt murine thymom viral oncogene homolog 2; AS160, Akt substrate of 160 kDa; Glut4, Insulin-responsive glucose transporter type 4; GSK3?, Glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta; ACLY, ATP-Citrate Lyase; PTEN, Phosphatase and tenisin homolog; SKIP, Inositol polyphosphate-5-phosphatase K; SHIP2, Inositol polyphosphate phosphatase-like 1; TRBP3, Tribbles Pseudokinase 3; --, Not available. Note: Numbers inside paranthese preceeding, K (Lys), denote the number of Lys-Ac sites identified in each species. (1), www.phosphosite.org ; (2), Lundby et al, 2012 ; (3), Choudhary et al 2009 ; (4), Wang et al 2010 ; (5), Chen et al 2012; (6), Zhang 2007 ; (7), Sundaresan 2011 ; (8), Glidden et al 2012 ; (9), Lin et al 2013 ; (10), Okomura et al 2006 ; (11), Zhao, 2010 . 
Protein Lys-Ac Sites Ref   Human Mouse Rat . 
Acetylation and glucose metabolism. 
HK, Hexokinase; G6P, Glucose-6-phosphate isomerase; PFK, Phosphofructose-kinase; ALDO, Aldolase; TPI, Triosephosphate isomerase; GAPDH, Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase; PGK, phosphoglycerate kinase; PGlyM, phosphoglycerate mutase; ENO, Enolase; PK, Pyruvate Kianse; GCK, glucokinase; GS, glycogen synthase; PGluM, phosphoglucose mutase; UGP, UTP-glucose-1-phosphate uridyltransferase; GS, Glycogen synthase; GP, Glycogen phosphorylase; GLYG, Glycogenin; H, Human; M, Mouse; R, Rat; --, Not available. Note: Numbers inside paranthese preceeding, K (Lys), denote the number of Lys-Ac sites identified in each species. (1) www.phosphosite.org ; (2), Lundby et al 2012 . (3) Choudhary et al 2009 . (4) Guan et al 2010. (5) Chen et al 2012; (6), Zhang et al 2012 . 
Stimulus Tie1 expression Tie2 expression Ang-1 production Ang-2 production. 
Effect of mediators on the expression of Tie1 and Tie2, and production and secretion of Ang-1 and Ang-2. 
The numbers in the brackets represent the corresponding citation of the findings. 
Glycerophospholipid Headgroup Formula of headgroup. 
Glycerophospholipid classification according to their polar headgroup. 
Percentage of phospholipids Cholesterol (?g/mg protein) PC PE PS PI PA CL LGP * SM. 
Lipid composition of various types of membranes. 
Values for lysoglycerophospholipids (LGP) in excess of a few percent should be viewed with caution. High LGP contents of are probably the result of phospholipid degradation during preparation of the material. 
Adapted from [ 18 ]. 
Disease Membrane abnormality Proposed molecular mechanisms. 
Human pathologies and lipid abnormalities. 
Adapted from [ 9 ]. 
PS, phosphatidylserine and †PUFA, polyunsaturated fatty acids. 
Membrane protein Observed lipid effect References. 
Additional examples of interactions between ion channel or receptor proteins and membrane lipids. 
Type Examples References. 
A classification of non-permanent membrane proteins (modified from [ 160 ]). 
HSP Localization Tissue/cell type Conditions References. 
Hsps in membranes and in the extracellular space. 
PIKE isoform Interacting proteins Interacting proteins. 
Functions of PIKE interacting proteins. 
Isoform cDNA sequence (GenBank #) Protein Size (Amino acids) Protein Sequence (UniProt #). 
Human and rodent DLC family members. 
na, not available. 
The 1083-aa protein described in [ 17 ] originates from the downstream AUG codon, and the 1091-aa protein in Q63744 derives from the upstream AUG codon. 
The AK025544nt sequence contains a sequencing error in the region shared with NM_006094 that would lead to premature translation termination. The predicted polypeptide length was obtained from the corrected sequence. 
This partial cDNA sequence contains a 5’end similar to that of CR749411. 
Tumour type Fraction of samples methylated Percent methylated Reference. 
Methylation of the DLC1 promoter region in human cancers:solid tumours. 
Cancer type Fraction of Samples methylated Percent methylated Reference. 
Methylation of the DLC1 promoter region in human cancers:Haematological malignancies. 
Subjects Characteristic Patients Controls p-value. 
na, male and female subjects;. 
nf, females subjects;. 
nm, males subjects;. 
na, not available. 
Subjects Variant Genotype frequency. 
N: frequency of genotypes/alleles per group, n: total number of alleles per group. 
Subjects Variant Allele frequency. 
N: frequency of genotypes/alleles per group, n: total number of alleles per group. 
Subjects VNTR Variant Unadjusted for covariates Adjusted for covariates. 
pU: unadjusted p-value,. 
pg: p-value adjusted for gender,. 
pag: p-value adjusted for age and gender,. 
pags: p-value adjusted for age, gender and smoking status,. 
N: number of alleles or genotypes include in the analysis, LFG: Low frequency genotypes (ab+ac+ad+ae+bf+cf+af+ee+ef+ff), CI: confidence interval, OR: Odds ratio. 
Subjects VNTR Variant Unadjusted for covariates Adjusted for covariates. 
pU: unadjusted p-value,. 
pg: p-value adjusted for gender,. 
pag: p-value adjusted for age and gender,. 
pags: p-value adjusted for age, gender and smoking status,. 
N: number of alleles or genotypes include in the analysis, CI: confidence interval, OR: Odds ratio. 
Subjects SNP Variant Number of cases (n) Number of healthy controls (n) Unadjusted for covariates Adjusted for covariates. 
pU: unadjusted p-value,. 
pg: p-value adjusted for gender,. 
pag: p-value adjusted for age and gender,. 
pags: p-value adjusted for age, gender and smoking status,. 
N: number of alleles or genotypes include in the analysis, n: numbers of alleles or genotypes, CI: confidence interval, OR: Odds ratio. 
5 cGy 2 Gy 5 cGy + 2 Gy 3 h 6 h 12 h 24 h 3 h 6 h 12 h 24 h 3 h 6 h 12 h 24 h. 
Correlation FDR < 25% Nom p value < 1% Nom p value < 5%. 
microRNA Group Microarray relative change (log2 Fold change) qPCR relative change. 
Human genes Primer sequences (5'-3'). 
cell line ALK mutation other phenotypes treatments. 
Term Count P -value. 
Functional pathways of upregulated (>twofold) or downregulated (<0.5-fold) genes in HCT116 and HT29 cells cultured in 3DC compared with 2DC. 
3DC, three-dimensional culture; 2DC, two-dimensional culture; KEGG, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes. 
Average runtime (seconds) q Iterative-RME Iterative-Dendrix Multi-Dendrix NBM. 
The runtimes of the four algorithms on the same simulated dataset. 
A comparison of the runtimes of Iterative-RME, Iterative-Dendrix, Multi-Dendrix and NBM on simulated mutation data with different passenger mutation probability q . Runtimes of each algorithm are shown as the mean of 20 runs for each q . N/A represents that Iterative-RME algorithm does not give any result within 24 hours. Simulations are performed on the machine running 64-bit windows with Intel Xeon 2.0 GHz processor and a maximum of 6 GB of available memory. 
Cancer type #Patient #Gene MMF AMN AMF NG. 
Basic information of the biological datasets used in this study. 
MMF: maximum mutation frequency for all genes. AMN: average mutation number of each sample. AMF: average of mutation frequency for all genes. NG: number of genes which are mutated in more than 20 samples in the mutation matrix. HNSCC: head and neck squamous cell carcinoma data. GBM1: glioblastoma multiforme data 1. GBM2: glioblastoma multiforme data 2. LC: lung carcinoma data. OC: ovarian carcinoma data. 
Optimal gene sets Gene number Exclusivity Coverage P-value. 
Results of the algorithm in HNSCC. 
Optimal gene sets Gene number Exclusivity Coverage P-value. 
Results of the algorithm in GBM1. 
Optimal gene sets Gene number Exclusivity Coverage P-value. 
Results of the algorithm in GBM2. 
Optimal gene sets Gene number Exclusivity Coverage P-value. 
Results of the algorithm in LC. 
Optimal gene sets Gene number Exclusivity Coverage P-value. 
Results of the algorithm in OC. 
Compound Target Indication. 
A list of all FDA-approved antiangiogenic therapies (2014). 
RCC, renal cell carcinoma. 
Clinical trials identifier Phase Treatment Tumour type and setting Response. 
A list of clinical trails which combine targeting of HIF, HIF target genes, metabolism or hypoxia with antiangiogenic therapy. 
RCC, renal cell carcinoma; GISTs, gastrointestinal stromal tumours. 
Selection criteria Assays Levels of confidence Mass culture Clonal culture. 
Selection criteria for safety assessments of medicinal epidermal stem cells. 
Selection criteria used to determine efficacy and safety of corrected stem cells before transplantation. These could be performed on mass culture or on single cell expansion. We determined the degree of reliability of each assay as low, medium and high. A clonal strategy gives a higher level of safety. 
Tools for selectively activation of astrocyte signaling in vivo . 
*Mouse line available in the Jackson Laboratory, stock No. 005964; **For various DREADD constructs and transgenic mouse lines currently available, see http://pdspit3.mml.unc.edu/projects/dreadd/wiki/WikiStart , ***AAV-GFAP minimal promotor available via UNC Vector core . 
Current molecular tools for perturbing astrocyte signaling in vivo . 
The deleterious effects of RAS cascade activation in DKD. 
Abbreviations: AT2R, angiotensin type 2 receptor; RAS, renin–angiotensin system; DKD, diabetic kidney disease. 
Binding PLC activation ?-arrestin1 recruitment ?-arrestin2 recruitment   pKi pEC50 Efficacy pEC50 Efficacy pEC50 Efficacy. 
ORF74 binding affinities (pKi), potencies (pEC50) and efficacies to modulate ORF74-mediated PLC activity and recruit ?-arrestins of CXCL1, CXCL8 or CXCL10. Values are presented as mean ± SEM of at least three independent experiments each performed in triplicate. Significant differences between pKi values of WT-ORF74 (WT) and ORF74-Rluc8 (Rluc8) for corresponding chemokines (a p ? 0.01) or between pEC50 values of ?-arrestin1 and ?-arrestin2 (b p<0.05) were determined by a Student t test. ND = not determined, ago = agonist, inv ago = inverse agonist and anta = antagonist. 
Plant biological pathway Probability. 
Over-represented biological pathways found within the specifically transcribed gene subset detected in embryogenic tissues. 
Authors Years Samples Sex status Smoking history Pathological types Clinical staging Cases Controls Male Female Yes No Squamous cell carcinomas Adenocarcinomas I II III and IV. 
Characteristics of the included studies. 
Note: “–” means data not available. 
Cells Tumors formed No. of the animals (%) Tumor size (mm) (n) p -valuea. 
Tumorigenic potentials of clone C2 and clone D4 cells. 
a p -value refers to a comparison between the average sizes of tumors formed with clone C2 cells and those with clone D4 cells. 
bValues given are means ± SE’s (n). 
(Modified from ref. 53 with permission from Nature Publishing Group.). 
This and following studies were carried out in strict accordance with the recommendations in the Guidelines for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of the Japanese Society for Biochemistry. The protocols were approved by the Committees on the Ethics of Animal Experiments of Nagaoka University of Technology and of Chiba University, respectively. All surgery was performed under ether anesthesia, and all efforts were made to minimize suffering. 
Stainings Tumors formed with Number of positive cellsa. 
Immunohistochemical analyses of B16-F10 mouse melanomas. 
Numbers of positively stained cells per arbitrary areas were counted for each tumor specimen (n = 3). 
aValues given are means ± SE’s (n = 3). 
* p < 0.05; TUNEL-staining, clone D4-derived melanomas relative to clone C2-derived melanomas. 
# p < 0.05; CD31-staining, clone D4-derived melanomas relative to clone C2-derived melanomas. 
(Modified from ref. 53 with permission from Nature Publishing Group.). 
Cells tumors formed (%) (No. of animals) tumor size (mm) p valuea. 
Tumorigenic potentials of B16-F10 mouse melanoma cells transfected with ?4GalT5 anti-sense cDNA. 
a p values refer to a comparison between the average sizes of tumors formed with clone C1 and clone E5 cells. 
bValues given are averages ± S.E. (n). 
(Modified from ref. 67 with permission from Oxford University Press.). 
Cells No. of nodules formed (No. of animals) p valuea. 
Experimental metastatic potentials of B16-F10 mouse melanoma cells transfected with ?4GalT5 anti-sense cDNA. 
a p values refer to a comparison between the average numbers of nodules in the lungs formed with clone C1 and clone E5 cells. 
bValues given are averages ± S.E. (n). 
(Modified from ref. 67 with permission from Oxford University Press.). 
Primer used for quantitative RT-PCR. 
PRDM2 mRNA levels   Feature High* Low Chi-square p -Value. 
Relationship between PRDM2 mRNA levels in prolactinomas and various clinical parameters. 
*The median expression level was used as the cutoff. Low PRDM2 mRNA levels were defined as values below the 50th percentile of the 12 patients; values at or above the 50th percentile were classified as high levels. 
**The median serum PRL level was used as the cutoff: 435 ?g/ml. Low serum PRL levels were defined as values below the 50th percentile of the 12 patients; values at or above the 50th percentile were classified as high levels. 
***Recurrence was defined as the discovery of an elevated PRL level at any time in the postoperative surveillance period after an initial remission. 
****Resistant tumors to BRC were defined as those from patients whose serum PRL levels remained abnormally high after at least 3 months of treatment with a daily dose of 15 mg BRC. 
Responsive Resistant p value. 
Differential expression folds of genes. 
TJ proteins Regulator Promoter binding region Expression/reference. 
Regulators of claudins. 
Note: arrow (?) = upregulation, arrow (?) = downregulation. 
Isoform In vitro growth analysis In vivo tumour growth analysis Doubling time (hrs) Saturation density (105 cells/cm2) Averaged tumour size (mm) Number of cell division Percentage of Ki67 positive cells. 
In vitro and in vivo growth analysis of C2C12 cells overexpressing various PKC isoforms. 
All data obtained with the nPKC? and DN-nPKC? are significantly ( P  < 0.05) different from those of the control cells (see text for further details). 
Various parameters were analysed as described under ‘Materials and methods’. Data are expressed as mean ± SEM, except for averaged tumour size, where the three-dimensional sizes of three–four tumours per group were averaged and the mean values are shown. 
Isoform In vivo tumour growth analysis Averaged tumour size (mm) Number of cell division Percentage of Ki67 positive cells. 
In vivo growth analysis of RD cells overexpressing nPKC? or DN-nPKC?. 
Data obtained with the nPKC? is significantly ( P  < 0.05) different from those of the control and DN-PKC? cells (see text for further details). 
Various parameters were analysed as described under ‘Materials and methods’. Data are expressed as mean ± SEM, except for averaged tumour size, where the three-dimensional sizes of five tumours per group were averaged and the mean values are shown. 
Effect(s) Underlying mechanism(s). 
Multiple effects of statins. 
Decreased plasma LDL cholesterol levels (30-63%) 11 , 205 – 207. 
Modest increase in plasma HDL-cholesterol (?5%). 
Decreased plasma triglyceride concentration (20-40%). 
Decreased incidence of coronary heart disease (primary and secondary prevention) 208. 
Inhibition of HMG-CoA reductase, reduced intrahepatic cholesterol, enhanced rate of hepatic LDL receptor cycling, increased LDL receptor turnover, reduced VLDL production ( via hepatic apoB secretion), decreased recovery rate of HMG-CoA reductase activity. 
Increase of nitric oxide synthesis. 
Improvement of blood flow dependent upon endothelium. 
Decreased monocyte expression of IL-6 and tumour necrosis factor-alpha or by direct suppression of CRP gene transcription 212. 
Decreased synthesis of extracellular matrix and proteins Rac1, RhoA. 
Activation of protein kinase Akt in endothelial cells and by increasing the level of angiopoetine. 
Reduced metalloproteinases activity (MMP1, MMP3). 
Decrease in global fibrinolytic activity of the blood, decreased action of PAI-1 (and inhibition of thrombin generation. 
Reduced intracellular and extracellular levels of amyloid peptides; indirect effect via decreasing the risk of stroke. 
Improved vessel stiffening and endothelial function. 
Reduced albuminuria. 
Increased bone formation through promotion of osteogenesis;. 
Reduced risk of osteoporotic fractures, particularly in older patients. 
Suppression of lung inflammation through inhibition of guanosine triphosphatase and nuclear factor-?B mediated activation of inflammatory and matrix remodelling pathways. 
Increased bioavailability of nitric oxide, enhanced plasma nitrite/nitrate concentrations and normalized RhoA and ROCK2 overexpression in corpora cavernosa. 
Suppression of biliary cholesterol secretion and saturation, unrelated to modulation of cholesterol synthesis; inhibition of biliary cholesterol crystallization. 
Reduced clathrin-mediated endocytosis and increased exocytosis; actin cytoskeletal reorganization through influence on Rho GTPases; facilitation of AQP2 insertion into the plasma membrane during VP/PKA/cAMP-induced AQP2 translocation. 
Pathway Mechanism(s). 
Pathways involved in AQP2 trafficking in the kidney. 
AVP-dependent. 
cAMP/PKA activation. 
Phosphorylation of AQP2 at Ser 256. 
Redistribution of AQP2 to the plasma membrane. 
Effect of phosphodiesterase inhibitors, sodium nitroprusside and L-arginine. 
Effect of cyclooxygenase (Cox) 2 inhibitors. 
Effect of EP2 and EP4 receptors agonists. 
Statin-mediated 49 , 151 , 228. 
Inhibition of conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate. 
Decreased prenylation and consequent down-regulation of RhoA GTPases (fast). 
Plasma membrane depletion in cholesterol (slow). 
Inhibition of AQP2 endocytosis. 
Statin-independent 132 , 148 , 149 , 151 – 153. 
Plasma membrane depletion in cholesterol ( e.g . methyl-beta-cyclodextrin) and inhibition of clathrin-mediated AQP2 endocytosis. 
Phosphorylation of RhoA by PKA, reduced RhoA membrane association, increased AQP2 translocation 42 , 154. 
Disorder Description. 
Disorders of water balance associated with dysregulation of AQP2. 
Central diabetes insipidus. 
Compulsive water drinking. 
Cultural overhydration. 
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (NDI). 
?Heritable X-linked NDI (mutation of the V2R receptor gene). 
?Acquired NDI in case of sustained:. 
ureteral obstruction. 
hypokalaemia. 
hypercalcemia. 
lithium intake, other drugs. 
inflammation. 
. 
?Autosomal dominant/recessive (mutation in the AQP2 gene). 
Congestive heart failure. 
Hepatic cirrhosis. 
Nephrotic syndrome. 
AQP, aquaporin; NDI, nephrogenic diabetes insipidus. 
Regimen Notes. 
Standard and experimental therapeutic approaches to hereditary nephrogenic diabetes insipidus. 
Infants: minimizing polyuria, preventing hyponatremia and volume depletion. 
Adults: correcting underlying disorder. 
Continuous water intake (every 2 hrs, day and night). 
Prevent hydronephrosis and bladder dilatation/dysfunction. 
Inability to respond to increased thirst. 
Instruct to frequent/double voiding. 
Low salt (?2.3 g sodium/day), low protein (?1 g/kg/day). 
Decreased dietary solute and urine output 87 . Difficult to maintain o a long-term basis. 
Diuretics (thiazide, amiloride) 142 , 232 , 233. 
Block of Na-Cl cotransporter in the distal tubule (thiazide) and of the Na channel EnaC in the connecting tube (amiloride) resulting in decreased sodium and water reabsorption, and hypovolaemia. 
Activation of the renin-angiotensin II-aldosterone system, increased sodium reabsorption (proximal tubule) and AQP1-dependent increase in water reabsorption, with relieve for the AQP-2 dependent water absorption (distal tubule and collecting duct). 
Association with amiloride leads to additional beneficial effects Amiloride-dependent increase in AQP2 levels (?) 234. 
Mild electrolyte complications possible. 
NSAIDs (indomethacin more effective than ibuprofen) 87 , 145. 
Inhibition of renal prostaglandin synthesis and decreased antagonism of ADH. Increased concentrating ability 235 , 236. 
Potential side effects as a result of long-term treatment. 
AVPR2 chaperones. 
Promotion of intracellular proper maturation, folding of AVPR2 receptor followed by expression of a functional cell surface AVPR2 237 – 240. 
Unspecific chemical chaperones (poor outcome): glycerol, DMSO 241. 
Peptide pharmacochaperones: cell-permeable AVPR2 antagonists 242 (need for being released by the receptor), AVPR2 agonists 240. 
Nonpeptide pharmacochaperones: antagonist (see review 21 ) and agonists (initiate cAMP response 242 ). Effect dependent on the type of AVPR2 mutation, possible interaction with other receptors, competitive effect with AVP. 
AQP2 water channel chaperones. 
Molecules helping to direct intracellularly retained AQP2 to cell surface 91 , 243 (research in progress). 
AVPR2 bypass (Increased trafficking, abundance and phosphorylation of AQP2 to the cell membrane of collecting tubule cells) 84 , 134 , 228. 
Statins: effect independent of AVP, AVPR2, and cAMP (see text for details) 49 , 148 , 228. 
cGMP pathway activation: L-arginine, sodium nitroprusside, atrial natriuretic peptide 128 , 228 , phosphodiesterase (PDE5) inhibitor sildenafil citrate (Viagra) (?) 130. 
cAMP pathway activation: phosphodiesterase (PDE4) inhibitor rolipram (?) 244 , calcitonin ( via G?S-mediated intracellular increase of cAMP 135 , 245. 
Prostaglandins: acting as specific E-prostanoid-receptor agonists (EP2, EP4). Decrease AQP2 internalization 85 , 134 ( e.g . ONO-AE329) 84 , butaprost, CAY10580 134. 
Heat shock protein 90-inhibitor (17-allylamino-17-demethoxygeldanamycin) (?): might induce proper folding of AQP2 retained in the endoplasmic reticulum 241 , 243. 
DMSO, dimethylsulfoxide; EP, prostaglandin E; NSAIDS, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. 
Name of disease Effects Risk score Biomarker References. 
Important emerging risk biomarkers in cardiovascular disease and disorders. 
Method Sensitivity/biomarker efficiency Confirmatory diagnosis References. 
Different risk indicating methods and biomarkers used for clinical diagnosis of cardiovascular disease and disorders. 
Compound Experimental protocol Antitumoral activity and/or mechanism Animal/cell line tested Reference. 
Essential oil phenylpropanoids with antitumoral activity. 
. 
Biophysical properties of Orai1, Orai2, and Orai3. 
SOCE component mRNA/protein Species Cerebellum Thalamus Hippocampus Cortex Amygdala. 
Distribution of Stim and Orai in mouse brain. 
Protein Species Cerebellum Thalamus Hippocampus Cortex Amygdala. 
Distribution of Stim and Orai transcripts in human brain. 
Species Brain region SOCE machinery Reference. 
The molecular components of store-operated Ca2+ entry in different species and brain regions. 
Cases (%) Control (%). 
*Mean ± standard deviation. 
Control Group RCC Group OR 95% CI P. 
RCC, renal cell carcinoma; OR, odds ratio; 95% CI, 95% confidence interval. 
Proliferation Profiles Fuhrman Grade     G1-G2 G3-G4 OR 95% CI P. 
OR, odds ratio; 95% CI, 95% confidence interval. 
* Fisher exact test. 
Type of defect (location) Reported mechanisms Pobable effect. 
Mechanisms of GATA2 deficiency. 
Secondary loss of expression from the intact allele may also occur owing to reduced GATA2 occupancy at its own promoter. 
May result in undetectable transcription of one allele. 
May cause expression of protein with modified or dominant negative function. 
Feature Details Approximate frequency. 
Principal clinical features of GATA2 mutation. 
MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome; AML, acute myeloid leukaemia; HPV, human papilloma virus; CMV, cytomegalovirus; EBV, Epstein–Barr virus; VZV, varicella zoster virus; PAP, pulmonary alveolar proteinosis; GM-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor; PAH, pulmonary arterial hypertension; PFT, pulmonary function tests; NTM, nontuberculous mycobacteria; MAC, mycobacterium avium complex; PBC, primary biliary cirrhosis; DVT, deep vein thrombosis; PE, pulmonary embolism. 
Variable Normal GATA2 mutation Sporadic MDS. 
Differences between GATA2 mutation and sporadic myelodysplasia. 
Normal: values represent normal ranges. GATA2: range of median values from multiple publications or median values from Dickinson et al ( 2014 ). Sporadic MDS: median values from Dickinson et al ( 2014 ). mDCs, lineage negative HLA-DR+ CD1c+ population; pDCs, lineage negative HLA-DR+ CD123+ population; NK, natural killer; BM, bone marrow. 
GATA2 configuration Associated with Outcome. 
Genetic abnormalities associated with GATA2 mutation and nature of haematological transformation. 
ZF, zinc finger; G2DHE, GATA2 distal haematopoietic enhancer; bi, bi-allelic; m, mono-allellic; AML, acute myeloid leukaemia; CML, chronic myeloid leukaemia; MDS, myelodysplastic syndrome. 
Bold in column 2 represents the mutations most commonly associated with the corresponding GATA2 mutation in column 1. 
Investigation of GATA2 deficiency. 
MLP, multi-lymphoid progenitors; LMPP, lymphoid-primed multipotent progenitors; GMP, granulocytic monocytic progenitors; CT computerized tomography. 
Comparison of interleukin-2 in saliva pg/mL in healthy controls and recurrent aphthous stomatitis patients. 
Age distribution in recurrent aphthous stomatitis group. 
Gender distribution in recurrent aphthous stomatitis group. 
Mature miRNA ID CLL * NBC * Fold change † p value §. 
*Relative mean values of 16 CLL and 3 NBC cases, whose values were calculated as the mean of all available samples (Pre, Ctrl, IL-4), except in the case of miRNAs modulated by IL-4, where these samples were excluded. 
†CLL vs NBC. 
§Student t test CLL vs NBC. 
Mature miRNA ID ZAP-70 Pos * ZAP-70 Neg * Fold change † p value §. 
* Relative mean values of 11 ZAP-70 Pos and 5 ZAP-70 Neg cases, whose values were calculated as the mean of all available samples (Pre, Ctrl, IL-4). 
†ZAP-70 Pos vs ZAP-70 Neg. 
§Student t test ZAP-70 Pos vs ZAP-70 Neg. 
Cytoprotection * miR21-5p miR21-3p mi362-3p mi362-5p mi500a-3p mi502-3p mi532-3p . 
*Cytoprotection was calculated as the difference in apoptosis between conditions IL-4 vs Ctrl (n = 13). 
§Pearson correlation analysis using fold changes between conditions IL-4 vs Ctrl expressed as log2 values; p values of less than 0.05 are typed in bold characters. 
CDC25A protein expression Negative(-) Weak(+) Moderate(++) Strong(+++). 
Immunohistochemical analyses show the effect of let-7c on CDC25A protein expression in HCC xenograft tumors infected with lentiviral pLenO-RFP-Let-7c or the pLenO-RFP negative control. 
Cell Line IC50 (?M). 
Genotype Virus delivered No. of mice with tumors/ total mice p value for tumor incidence Sox2 versus GFP Mouse ID with tumor Pathological review based on H&E (subtype after biomarker staining) Biomarker staining No. of squamous tumors/total tumors (based on biomarker staining) Lkb1 recombination by PCR Latency. 
Lenti-Sox2;Lkb1fl/fl Mice Develop Squamous Lung Tumors. 
Detailed histopathology, biomarker staining, Lkb1 recombination results, and latency of tumors are identified in mice receiving GFP or Sox2 lentiviruses in indicated conditional genetic backgrounds. n/a indicates insufficient tissue available for analysis. See also Figure S1 . 
Stem cell process MicroRNAs involved References. 
MicroRNAs involved in pluripotency, self-renewal, differentiation, and reprogramming. 
Epigenetic marker Reprogramming effect Epigenetic regulators mechanisms References. 
List of epigenetic markers and their role in reprogramming. 
Abbreviation: iPSCs, induced pluripotent stem cells. 
Pharmacologic agents, current and emerging, for the treatment of diabetic retinopathy, their drug class and/or mechanism of action and the phase of investigation. 
Cell/Tissue Promoter RNAi/Target In Vitro/In Vivo Ref., Year. 
Summary of baculovirus mediated preclinical RNAi studies in vertebrate cells. 
Patient # Rib-P assay (U/ml) Western blotting using individual recombinant P proteins. 
Presence of auto-antibodies directed against ribosomal P proteins. 
Genotype Stage of flower development Reads (in millions) Reads discarded after cleaning (%) a Clean reads (in millions) b Reads mapped to garlic transcriptome catalog (%) c. 
Number of RNA-Seq reads in F87 and MS96 garlic flowers . 
Samples, collected in May–June 2013 at early, mid and late stages of flower development, were used for transcriptome analysis. Presented data are means of three replications ± standard error values. 
After trimming and filtration. 
Mapping to the transcript catalog of A. sativum (NCBI bioproject PRJNA243415). 
Identified protein Accession in NCBI-nr Reference species Matched transcripts in garlic transcriptome catalog Identity (%) E -value. 
Differentially accumulated proteins and matching transcripts . 
Nine proteins were identified only in genotype MS96. The proteins were identified by mass spectrometry analysis, followed by matching with NCBI-nr. The predicted protein sequence was mapped to the garlic transcriptome (NCBI bioproject PRJNA243415) using TBLASTN. 
Transcript number Candidate gene Sequence length (bp) Accession in NCBI-nr Reference species Identity (%) E -value. 
Transcript sequences of the 10 candidate genes for validation, retrieved from NCBI-nr databases . 
Stem cell population E2F and PP factors implicated Cell fate process affected Target gene(s) Reference (for target genes). 
Listed here are the stem and progenitor cell populations for which E2Fs and PPs have demonstrated cell fate regulatory roles. 
Number TPM type Total EPIYA EPIYT ESIYA ESIYT Other  (n = 7954) (n = 7207) (%) (n = 478) (n = 96) (n = 60) (n = 113). 
a From review of Genbank entries to Aug. 8, 2013. 
bB-TPM bolded, since most variable. 
c B-domain other TPMs include: GSIYD (31), EPVYA (13), ELIYA (12), ESIYD (7), ETIYA (3), EPIYD (3), EHIYA (2), EPTYA (2), EPIYS (2), EPIYV (2), ESVYA (2), DPIYA (1), DPIYD (1), EPVYT (1), QPIYP (1), EPIFT (1), EPIHA (1), EPINA (1), ESIYS (1), EFIYT (1). 
d The C-domain other TPMs all are EPIYV (25), which only is present when the B-domain sequence is GSIYD (p<0.0001). 
B-TPM Number (% of total) a Sequence type Total East Asian Western p-value b (n = 2617) (n = 1190) (n = 1337) . 
a For 93 Genbank records, strain origin was not recorded. 
b By Chi-square test. 
c See Table 1 . 
B-TPM Sequence type Total a C-TPM number (%) (n = 1322) 1 (n = 1035) 2 (n = 254) 3 (n = 33) p-value. 
a For some Western strains (n = 16), there are > 3 C-TPMs. 
b NS, P>0.05. 
Clinical Status a Number (% of total) Total EPIYA EPIYT p-value b (n = 364) (n = 194) (53.3%) (n = 170) (46.7) . 
aBased on the descriptions from the Genbank database or the associated publications. 
b By X2 analysis; NS, P>0.05. 
Name Dock score Predicted activity Support vector machine Multiple linear regression Bayes Net Toolbox. 
Dock score and quantitative structure–activity relationship values. 
Name pIC50 Support vector machine predict Multiple linear regression predict BNT predict. 
Observed (pIC50) and predicted activity of 36 experimental BRAF(V600E) inhibitors. 
Apo M-apo Top1 Top2 Control. 
Number matrix of root mean square fluctuation (RMSF) for wild-type BRAF alone (apo), BRAF(V600E) alone (M-apo), and the corresponding BRAF(V600E) protein for aknadicine (top1), 16beta-hydroxy-19s-vindolinine N-oxide (top2), and the control (SB-590885). 
Note: The number “1” means the highest similarity when we compare two proteins. 
Abbreviation: M-apo, mutated apo. 
Aknadicine 16beta-hydroxy-19s-vindolinine N-oxide SB-590885 H-bond interaction Occupancy H-bond interaction Occupancy H-bond interaction Occupancy. 
Occupancy of H-bond between aknadicine, 16beta-hydroxy-19s-vindolinine N-oxide, and SB-590885 with BRAF(V600E) protein. 
Ref Cell Type Fucoidan Source Dose (µg/mL) Effects on Cell Cycle Effects on Apoptosis Pathways Extrinsic Intrinsic Common. 
Effects of fucoidan on cell cycle and apoptosis molecules. 
? sub G0/G1. 
? MMP. 
Caspase 3 activation. 
No G0/G1 or G2/M arrest. 
G1 arrest. 
Caspase 9 activation. 
Apoptosis was reversed by caspase 3 inhibitor. 
? cyclin D2, c-myc. 
No changes in Bcl-2 and Bcl-XL. 
No changes in p21,p53. 
? survivin, cIAP-2. 
? G2/M phase in HAK-1A, KYN-2, KYN-3 cell lines. 
No clear caspase 9 activation in HAK-1B cell line. 
No clear caspase 3 activation in HAK-1B cells. 
? sub-G1 fraction. 
Caspase 8 activation. 
Caspase 9 activation. 
Caspase 7 activation. 
Caspase inhibitors blocked apoptosis completely. 
? Bid, cytosolic Bax. 
PARP cleavage. 
? whole lysate Bax, cytosolic cytochrome C. 
? sub-G1 fraction. 
Caspase 8 activation. 
caspase 9 activation. 
PARP cleavage. 
No changes in Bcl-2 or Bax. 
Caspase 3 activation. 
? Mcl-1, ? cytochrome C. 
Caspase 8 activation. 
Caspase 9 activation. 
PARP cleavage. 
? Fas, DR5, TRAIL. 
? cytochrome C, Smac/Diablo, Bak, t-Bid. 
Caspase 3 and 7 activation. 
No significant effects on FasL and DR4. 
No changes in Bcl-2, Bcl-xL, Bax, Bad, Bim, Bik. 
? XIAP, survivin. 
? Sub-G1frction. 
Caspase-9 activation. 
? procaspase-3. 
? Bcl-2, ? Bax. 
PARP cleavage. 
? Sub-G1. 
No changes in caspase-8. 
Mitochondrial dysfunction. 
No activation of PARP and caspase-7. 
No significant changes in cell cycle distribution. 
AIF and cytochrome C release. 
No cleavage of caspase-9 and Bid. 
All caspase inhibitors failed to attenuate FE-induced apoptosis. 
? Bcl-2, Bcl-xl ,? Bax, Bad. 
No effect on caspase 9 activation. 
No effect on caspase 3 (Caspase independent). 
? cytosol AIF. 
G1 phase arrest. 
Caspase-8 activation. 
? Bcl-2. 
Caspase-dependent pathway. 
? Sub G0/G1 ? cyclin D1 and CDK-4 gene expression. 
? Bax. 
Release of cytochrome C and APAf-1. 
G0/G1 phase arrest. 
DR5, caspase-8 activation. 
? Bcl-2. 
Caspase-3 activation. 
? E2F-1. 
? Bax,. 
PARP cleavage. 
? p21Cip1/Waf. 
Caspase 9 activation. 
Non-significant accumulation in S-phase. 
Caspase-8 activation. 
Caspase-9 activation. 
Caspase-3 activation. 
MMP dissipation, Cytochrome C release. 
? Bcl-2, ? Bax. 
? XIAP , livin mRNA expression. 
? G1-phase, p21WAF1. 
? Cyclin E, D1, DK2, CDK4. 
No change in p27KIP,p53. 
? p21WAF1 and CDK4 binding. 
Protein Localization Muscle specificity Residency PDB ID. 
Properties of M-region proteins. 
Note: protein domains mediating complex formation or participating in cellular processes are shown in parenthesis when known. Acronyms of proteins are described in the text; ABD: ankyrin binding domain; NA: not available. The PDB files of proteins in Complex 1 and Complex 2, as well as obscurins (RhoGEF) and titin (titin kinase), are associated with the specific domains that mediate binding within the complex; in all other cases, the available PDB files for the entire protein are provided. 
Protein Mutation Region on protein Effect Disease Reference. 
Disease-causing mutations in genes encoding structural proteins of the M-region. 
Note: nomenclature refers to the canonical full-length human isoforms; FHL-1, NP_001153174.1, sMyBP-C, AAI43503.1, MyH 3, NP_002461.2, MyH 6, NP_002462.2, MyH 7, NP_000248.2, myomesin, CAF18565.1, obscurin, CAC44768.1, titin, NP_001254479.2. HCM: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, RBM: reducing body myopathy, XMPMA: X-linked myopathy with postural muscle atrophy, SPM: scapuloperoneal myopathy, RSS: rigid spine syndrome, EDMD: Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy, DCM: dilated cardiomyopathy, DA-1: distal arthrogryposis type 1, LCCS4: lethal congenital contracture syndrome type 4, MPD1: Laing distal myopathy, CHD: congenital heart defect, CCD: central core disease, MSM: myosin storage myopathy, LVNC: left ventricular noncompaction, MD1: myotonic dystrophy type 1, LGMD2J: limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2J, MmD-HD: multiminicore disease with heart disease, HMERF: hereditary myopathy with early respiratory failure, CNM: centronuclear myopathy, EOMFC: early-onset myopathy with fatal cardiomyopathy, ARVC: arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy, TMD: tibial muscular dystrophy, MD: muscle disease, NLS: nuclear localization sequence, TK: titin kinase, MIgX: titin M-band IgX, MyH: myosin heavy chain, and LMM: light meromyosin. 
Protein Mutation Effect Disease Reference. 
Proteins with enzymatic activity at the M-region and related diseases. 
Note: nomenclature refers to the canonical full-length human isoforms; beta-enolase, NP_001967.3, MuRF1, NP_115977.2, MuRF2, Q9BYV6.2, MuRF3, NP_912730.2, PFK, and NP_000280.1. HCM: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; GSD: glycogen storage disease. 
Characteristics Total patients, N = 392 CCN wild-type, N = 342 CCN amplified, N = 50 P -value. 
Ewing sarcoma, carcinoid tumor, sarcomatoid tumor, peripheral nerve sheath tumor, pleiomorphic cell sarcoma (thigh), soft tissue liposarcoma ( N = 2), soft tissue rhabdomyosarcoma, pleomorphic liposarcoma, and unknown origin ( n = 7). 
For 25 samples, the origin of the biopsy site used for molecular testing was unavailable. 
Characteristics P -Value Odds Ratio 95% CI. 
negative association. 
FGF/FGFR comprised amplification/mutations in FGF3/4/6/10/14/19/23 and FGFR1/2/3/4 . 
MYC, ZNF217/703, MDM2, AURKA, ARFRP1, EMSY alterations were all amplifications. AKT1/2 and MET alterations comprised amplification/mutations. 
Characteristics Univariable Multivariable HR (CI 95%) P -Value HR (CI 95%) P -Value. 
Included alterations with at least 5 events (death) and N = 20 patients with the alteration. 
CCN comprised CCND1/2/3 and CCNE1; CDK comprised CDK4/6 , CDKN2A/B ; FGF/FGFR comprised FGF3/4/6/10/14/19/23 and FGFR1/2/3/4 . Only characteristics that were significant ( P < 0.05) in the univariable analysis (log-rank test) were included in the multivariable analysis (Cox regression model). 
Spot No. Accession No. Protein name . 
Gene name Forward / Reverse primer(5?-3?). 
miR-93 high (n=25) miR-93 low (n=22) p -value. 
Function Genes. 
Cancerrelated genes from the RNA sequencing results. Genes were functionally categorized by apoptosis, cell growth, and drug-sensitivity. 
Features Total ( n = 32) RPN2 P -value Low ( n = 16) High ( n = 16). 
Clinical trial Phase Intervention Status Results. 
Clinical studies of IL-21 immunotherapy. 
Agent - Type Target ** Status Tumor Type. 
partial list,. 
TKIs against c-Met may show varying level of activity against RON. 
TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor; MAb, monoclonal antibody; PMMTC, progressive metastatic medullary thyroid cancer; HCC, hepatocellular carcinoma; PSC, prostate cancer; HNSCC, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma; GB, glioblastoma; RCC, renal cell carcinoma; NSCLC, non small cell lung cancer; ML, melanoma; OV, ovarian; HGF, hepatocyte growth factor. 
Tumors RTV Control (days) NU7441 (days) IR (days) IR + NU7441 (days) GDNu7441 (days) GDIR (days) GDIR + NU7441 (days) DEF. 
GD: Growth Delay; DEF: Dose Enhancement Factor: (GDIR + NU7441-GDNU7441)/GDIR. 
Protein IDs Protein Names Gene Names Ratio M/L Normalized Ratio M/L p -value Ratio H/L Normalized Ratio H/L p -value. 
H (K-ras induction for 48 hrs), M (K-ras induction for 24 hrs), L (control without induction). 
Category name (Accession) Counts Percent of total genes. 
Protein IDs Gene Names Protein description Mitochondria location Ratio H/L Normalized Ratio H/L p value. 
Clinical Factor No. RASSF10 methylation status methylated n = 54(60.7%) unmethylated n = 35(39.3%) P value (?2 test). 
p values were obtained from the chi-square test; significant difference, P < 0.05. 
Function annotation P - value # Molecules. 
Top functions enriched by genes up - regulated or down - regulated in high - FE chickens. 
Primers for genotyping. 
Primers Sequence. 
Genotype Spry4 KO Kit WT/K641E. 
Phase 1 Step Temperature Time. 
The amplification conditions used in Touchdown PCR for the construction of 3 fragments of the human IGF-IR gene promoter (?: hold). 
* Every time steps 2–4 are repeated, the annealing temperature is decreased by 1.0°C/cycle until the estimated melting temperature is reached. 
Bleomycin-induced lung fibrosis Silica-induced lung fibrosis  Rat Mouse Mouse. 
Qualitative summary of the in vivo efficacy of nintedanib in animal models of lung fibrosis. 
?: significant reduction (independent of dose used); –: no significant effect (independent of dose used); ND: not determined; TGF: transforming growth factor; IL: interleukin; TIMP: tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinase; BALF: bronchoalveolar lavage fluid. #: therapeutic treatment starting on day 10. Data from [ 78 ]. 
miRNA Role of miRNA Expression in PC cells Impact of the aberrant expression on PC cells Target gene Respective references. 
miRNAs involved in processes of malignant transformation of pancreatic tissue (? = reduced, ? = increased). 
miRNAs whose expression increase (?) or decrease (?) with increasing PanIN stages. 
*Passenger strand of pre-miRNA. 
miRNA miRNA level correlated with poor prognosis Tumor versus normal tissue Tumor versus CP tissue CP versus normal tissue. 
Prognostic miRNAs expression (? reduced, ? increased, and ? comparable expression). 
*Passenger strand of pre-miRNA. 
? Serum Fine needle biopsy Resected tissue. 
Types of samples used for miRNA analysis in pancreatic cancer. 
? qRT-PCR miRNA microarray. 
Comparison of principal approaches for study of miRNA [ 102 ]. 
Skin disorders and insulin resistance (IR) Conditions strongly associated with IR Conditions potentially associated with IR Conditions anecdotally linked to IR. 
Skin diseases associated with insulin resistance. 
Rank LSB ? LSB/S/F8 LSB/S/F8 ? LSB/S/F8/CHIR Relevance score Protein Relevance score Protein. 
The ten proteins with the highest relevance scores. 
Rank LSB ? LSB/S/F8 Relevance score Function P value of ontology analysis. 
Rank LSB/S/F8 ? LSB/S/F8/CHIR Relevance score Function P value of ontology analysis. 
Studied reaction Limited step Calculated activation energy (Kcal?mol?1) Reference. 
Theoretical studies about reactivity on phospholipid surfaces at DFT level of calculus. 
Phospholipid molecular systems Simulation time lipid force field Aim Reference. 
Some articles related to studies of oxidation of phospholipids which use molecular dynamics simulations. 
Panther molecular function process # genes % total P-value Benjamini *. 
Summary of Panther molecular function categories over-represented in the PMT70 data (p?<?0.01, FWFDR?<?0.10). 
*Benjamini is a measure of family-wise false discovery rate as described by Huang da et al. [ 13 ]. 
KEGG pathway # genes % total P-value Benjamini *. 
Summary of all pathways with over-represented gene lists from KEGG (p?<?0.05). 
*Benjamini is a measure of family-wise false discovery rate as described by Huang da et al. [ 13 ]. 
MicroRNAs Cancer correlation Function References. 
miRNAs involved in cancer. 
TS, tumor suppressor; OG, oncogene. 
microRNA Targets Roles in cancer stem cells. 
miRNAs involved in cancer stem cells. 
CSCs, cancer stem cells; EMT, epithelial-mesenchymal transition; MET, mesenchymal-epithelial transition. 
Protocol IDs Trial aim Type Status Phase. 
Clinical trials based on experimental or targeted therapies in malignant pheochromocytoma/paraganglioma. 
NCT ID, National Clinical Trials identifier. Information based on clinical trials listed on clinicaltrials.gov (search terms: pheochromocytoma and/or paraganglioma). 
Drug (inhibitors) Binding site Ref. 
Binding site of a number of inhibitor drugs of the MAPK pathway. 
Angiogenesis inducer Pro-angiogenic effect Reference. 
List of the hypoxia-independent pro-angiogenic mechanisms with relevance to melanoma . 
Compound Description HM-1 MTZR RI a. 
IC 50 of drugs used to treat amebiasis and hydrogen peroxide in HM-1 and MTZR . 
Resistance index values are determined by dividing the IC 50 of drug in MTZR by that in HM-1 . 
Probe Set ID NCBI RefSeq Gene name P -value Fold-change. 
List of annotated genes that were upregulated in MTZR by >3 fold compared to HM-1 . 
Probe Set ID NCBI RefSeq Gene name P -value Fold-change. 
List of annotated genes that were downregulated in MTZR by > 3 fold . 
Probe set ID Gene name Fold change by Microarray Fold change by qRT-PCR Regulation. 
qRT-PCR validation of selected genes from our microarray data . 
GO ID GO Name Aspect Count p -value. 
List of GO terms that were significantly enriched in MTZR . 
AHR of all-cause  Study Patients Treatment Follow-up mortality Comments. 
Observational studies examining outcomes associated with treatment of activated vitamin D in patients with chronic kidney diseases. 
HD, haemodialysis; PD, peritoneal dialysis; CKD, chronic kidney diseases; AHR, adjusted hazard ratio; CI, confidence interval. 
aBoth showed a trend of lower risk of dialysis. See the text for detailed description. 
Benefit      Renal   Study Model Treatment Proteinuria function Histology Remarks. 
Animal studies examining the renal protective effect of vitamin D analogues. 
BP, blood pressure; PTH, parathyroid hormone; TI, tubulointerstitial; n/a, not assessed. 
Study Type Patients Treatment Follow-up Proteinuria Renal function Comments. 
Human studies examining the renal protective effect of vitamin D analogues. 
CKD, chronic kidney diseases; AgII, angiotensin II; CRP, C-reactive protein; CI, confidence interval; OR, odds ratio; n/a, not assessed. 
Sizes (kDa, or disachharide) Function of HA References. 
Various sizes of HA and their function in health and disease . 
Disease model Function of HA in inflammation Experimental approach by targeting HA-binding motifs Reference. 
HA-CD44-RHAMM function in inflammation and cancer . 
Disease model Function of CD44 in cancer Approaches to interfere the HA-CD44 interaction Reference. 
CD44 function in cancer . 
Disease model Function of RHAMM in cancer Approach using HA-binding peptide Reference. 
RHAMM function in cancer . 
Pathways Mechanisms DNMTs mRNA /promoters References. 
Transcriptional regulation of DNMT promoter activity and/or mRNA expression. 
LMP1: latent membrane protein 1. 
BKV Tag and E1a: Human polyomavirus BKV large T antigen and adenovirus E1a. 
HBx: Hepatitis B virus X protein. 
HIV-1: early expressed HIV-1 proteins. 
Pathway Regulated regions DNMTs Cancer types References. 
Regulation of DNMT expression by miRNAs. 
ND: non-determined. 
ALL: Acute lymphoblastic leukemia. 
IC50 of Paclitaxel IC50 of Gemcitabine + scramble + let-7b CI + scramble + let-7b CI. 
CI: combination index; CI < 0.9 indicates synergism; CI = 0.9–1.1 indicates additivity, and CI > 1.1 indicates antagonism. 
tissues N Score P low (0~3) high (4~6). 
* P <0.05 by ?2. 
Loss/Gain of function Gene Protein Adherens junction Tight junction Cell-ECM interaction DFC clustering KV structure References. 
Genes essencial for cell collectivity regulation during collective DFC migration . 
DFC-KD, DFC-specific knockdown; KD, knockdown; OE, overexpression; n.d., not determined . 
Clinicopathological characteristics n = 87 %. 
*Poor: including poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma, signet ring cell carcinoma and mucinous adenocarcinoma;. 
**Including ovary, subcutaneous of abdominal wall, pelvic cavity. 
K-ras CR PR SD PD ORR ?2 p value DCR ?2 p value. 
CR PR SD PD ORR ?2 P value DCR ?2 P value. 
Characteristic RR 95% CI p value. 
Class code Target-based class Target-based class abbreviation Number of drug compounds. 
Node Reaction Node Reaction. 
S E I S E I S E I S E I S E I S E I. 
S and E represent the start and the end of each edge and numbers in italics are indices. 
cycle length Reaction cycle. 
Selected functional event DifFreq Count CIMP+ Freq CIMP+ Count CIMP? Freq CIMP? P -value FDR. 
Top 20 SFEs in terms of differential frequencies in pooled CIMP+ vs . pooled CIMP? samples. 
Data included 356 CIMP+ samples and 577 CIMP? samples. P -values were computed using a two-sided Fisher’s exact test. SFEs with FDR?<?0.10 are highlighted in bold font. 
Factors Sig. ( P value) Relative risk 95.0% CI for relative risk. 
Cox proportional hazards regression analysis for survival. 
General Features Specific Features. 
Proposed requirements for independent classes in AGCT (Analytical Genomic Classification of Tumors). 
Source Amount. 
Queuine levels in foodstuff and biological material. 
Author, year Animal model Method administered/timing Effect Dosing. 
Different approaches of application of BDNF in the treatment of posterior eye segment degenerative diseases. 
Abbreviations: BDNF, brain-derived neurotrophic factor; RGCs, retinal ganglion cells; NT, neurotrophin; NMDA, N -methyl-D-aspartate; MAPK, mitogen-activated protein kinases; PI3K-Akt, phosphoinositide 3-kinase; GDNF, glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor; IOP, intraocular pressure; CNTF, ciliary neurotrophic factor; cAMP, cyclic adenosine monophosphate; C-ABC, chondroitinase ABC; CNS, central nervous system; NOS, nitric oxide synthase; LINGO-1, leucine rich repeat and immunoglobulin domain containing NogoR interacting protein 1; NogoR, neurite outgrowth inhibitory protein receptor; BMSC, bone marrow stem cell; AAV, adeno-associated virus; DOX, doxycycline; NSCs, neural stem cells; rMSC, rat bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells; WPRE, woodchuck hepatitis posttranscriptional regulatory element; Ad.BDNF, adenovirus vector containing BDNF. 
Author, year Animal model Method of administration/timing/dosing Effect Total dose. 
Different approaches of application of BDNF in the treatment of inner ear degenerative diseases. 
Abbreviations: BDNF, brain-derived neurotrophic factor; SGCs, spiral ganglion cells; HCs, hair cells; ABRs, auditory brainstem responses; CNTF, ciliary neurotrophic factor; NTF, neurotrophic factor; ES, electrical stimulation; FGF1, fibroblast growth factor 1; aFGF, acidic fibroblast growth factor; eABR, electronic ABR; HSV, herpes simplex virus; RWM, round window membrane; AAV, adeno-associated virus; GFP, green fluorescent protein; CI, cochlear implant; Ad.BDNF, adenovirus vector containing BDNF. 
average tumor volume (mm3)  week 6 week 7 week 8 week 9 week 10  . 
Quantification of the average tumor volume of xenograft tumors formed in the mammary fat pad of nude mice following injection of limiting dilutions of SUM149 cells expressing an empty vector or I?B?-SR. 
Parameter Young Older P value. 
Summary of the effects of maternal age on the parameters measured in pregnant rats used in the study. 
Fold decrease Entrez gene ID Unigene ID Gene symbol Entrez gene name. 
Top 20 genes ranked by real fold decrease in uterine horn from 8-week-old laboring rats (YOUNG) compared to 24-week-old laboring rats (OLDER). 
All P  < 0.05. 
Represented by >1 probe on the array; and include significant fold increases in 10 genes including Prl2a1, 2c1, 4a1, 5a1, 5a2, 6a1, 7a3, 7b1, 7d1, and 8a5. 
Fold increase Entrez gene ID Unigene ID Gene symbol Entrez gene name. 
Top 20 genes ranked by real fold increase in uterine horn from 8-week-old laboring rats (YOUNG) compared to 24-week-old laboring rats (OLDER). 
All P  < 0.05. 
Top canonical pathways Ratio. 
Main functions identified using IPA (all with P value <0.001) with differential expression in laboring uterine horn between YOUNG and OLDER rats. 
IPA, ingenuity pathway analysis. 
Subpathway Gene symbol. 
Top 20 canonical subpathways from IPA analysis (all P  < 0.001) associated with immune or inflammatory response and lipid transport and metabolism differentially expressed in laboring uterine horn with increasing maternal age. 
Genes in bold typeface were increased in laboring uterine horn from 6 month (OLDER) rat dams compared with YOUNG animals. Other genes were decreased. 
Network Score Focus molecules Molecules in network. 
Top 5 networks of DEG in laboring uterine horn between YOUNG and OLDER rat dams. 
Gene 8 weeks 24 weeks qPCR Microarray Fold change P n  = 4 n  = 5 Fold change P. 
Validation of Affymetrix array data with qPCR. Relative transcripts levels in qPCR (mean ± SEM) were measured in the linear range of fluorescence versus cycle curve. 
Comparison of qPCR was by t -test, those indicated by # were log transformed to normalize variances. 
Symbol Name Taqman Assay ID. 
Taqman gene expression assays. 
*The TaqMan gene expression assay with the best coverage for that specific gene. 
Gene EDL Soleus Liver Subcutaneous Epididymal. 
mRNA expression of reference genes in insulin-sensitive tissues from C57BL/6J mice. 
Data are presented as Cq values and expressed as mean ± SEM. NA, not applicable. 
Gene EDL Soleus Liver Subcutaneous Epididymal. 
DGK isoform mRNA expression in insulin-sensitive tissues from C57BL/6J mice. 
Data are presented as Cq values and expressed as mean ± SEM. ND, not detected. 
A. nidulans Genes Family a Subfamily b Class/Domain c S. Cerevisiae Gene E Value Identity (%). 
Seven nonessential A. nidulans phosphatases null mutants that cannot germinate on glucose as a sole carbon source and the homologous functionally characterized S. cerevisiae phosphatases. 
Family abbreviations: S/T, serine/threonine; PTP, protein tyrosine phosphatase. 
Subfamily abbreviations: Asp-based, aspartate-based phosphatase. 
Class/domain abbreviations: PP2Cc, protein phosphatase 2C catalytic subunit; PPM, Mg2+ or Mn2+-dependent protein phosphatase; HAD, haloacid dehalogenase; PTP, protein tyrosine phosphatase catalytic subunit; DSPc, dual-specificity phosphatase catalytic subunit. 
Fungal Strain Trait WT ?msgA AN4544 ?ppsA AN0129 ?psrA AN10077 ?ptcD AN0914 ?ptcE AN5722 ?ptpB AN4896 ?sdpA AN10138. 
1×107 conidia pre-germinated in CA minimal media for 4 hr prior to transfer to glucose minimal media for 24 hr. Level of significance compared to the wild-type strain: * P < 0.05, ** P < 0.01, and *** P < 0.001. 
Fungal Strain Conidial Diameter (?m) Conidial Volume (?m3) Swelling (%) t test a Fresh (0 hr) Glucose (2 hr) Fresh (0 hr) Glucose (2 hr). 
Presented are the conidial diameter and volume before and after incubation in glucose media for 2 hr plus the percentage change in conidial volume. 
t, test wild-type vs. null mutant strain for swelling. 
Fungal Strain Initial Carbon Source (7 hr) Shift Second Carbon Source Germlings with >1 Nucleus (%) a. 
100 germlings were counted for each experiment and the percentage having completing at least one nuclear division. 
Germlings were incubated in the presence of 25 mM hydroxyurea (HU). 
GO Term Description P a FDR b Class c. 
Summary of the strain-specific over-represented gene ontologies (GO terms) in the genes differentially modulated transcriptionally after transfer from CA to glucose as a sole carbon source. The complete list of strain-specific and nonspecific GO terms is available in Table S2 , Table S3 , Table S4 , and Table S5 . 
P for the Fishers exact test. 
False discovery rate. 
GO term classifications: BP, biological process; CC, cellular component; MF, molecular function. 
Fungal Strain Trait WT ?msgA AN4544 ?ppsA AN0129 ?psrA AN10077 ?ptcD AN0914 ?ptcE AN5722 ?ptpB AN4896 ?sdpA AN10138. 
Level of statistical significance: *P < 0.05, ** P < 0.01, and *** P < 0.001. Level and direction of alteration in growth: +/?. 
Cancer Trop2 Expression Prognostic Significance [References]. 
Inhibitor/Agent Cancer Testing Response References   In Vitro  . 
? n Definition of positivity Positive case % Relation to clinicopathological factors Relation to survival Reference. 
FGFR protein expressions on immunohistochemical analysis and clinical outcomes in GC. 
T: tumor depth; N: lymph-node metastasis; M: distant metastasis; NA: not assisted. 
? Method n Positive expression definition % Relation to clinicopathological factors Relation to survival Reference. 
FGFR gene alterations in GC. 
FISH: fluorescence in situ hybridization; RT-PCR: reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction; SNP: single nucleotide polymorphism; PCR-RFLP: polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis; CEP: chromosome enumeration probe; GISTIC: the genomic identification of significant targets in cancer; T: tumor depth; N: lymph-node metastasis; M: distant metastasis; NA: not assisted; ND: not described. 
Agent Target Type of cancer Phase Combined regimen Status Reference. 
Clinical trials of FGFR-targeting agents in GC. 
Agent Target Type of cancer Phase Combined regimen (comparative arm) Status or result Reference. 
Phase III clinical trials of FGFR-targeting agents. 
CRC: colorectal cancer; NSCLC: non-small-cell lung cancer; HCC: hepatocellular carcinoma; RCC: renal cell carcinoma; FOLFOX: 5-fluorouracil + leucovorin + oxaliplatin; CAPOX: capecitabine + leucovorin + oxaliplatin; RFS: relapse-free survival; OS: overall survival. 
Virologic Response TDF+FTC+EFV TDF+FTC+RAL TDF+FTC+RPV Overall. 
SVR12 by HIV ARV regimen and Overall. 
Unadjusted HR Adjusted HR. 
Time-updated risk factors for chlamydia/gonorrhea diagnosis among HIV-positive MSM attending selected clinics of the OHTN Cohort Study, 2010–13. 
Men, % Women, %  Behaviour 2003 (n=381) 2014 (n=502) p-value 2003 (n=66) 2014 (n=64) p-value. 
Among subjects who reported the behaviour on the previous line. 
NA = not asked. 
Percentage infected with HIV Percentage diagnosed Percentage linked to care Percentage retained in care Percentage with Undetectable Viral Load. 
Optimal to sub-optimal care Optimal to LTF or death Suboptimal to optimal care Suboptimal to LTF or death  HR (95% CU) HR (95% CI) HR (95% CI) HR (95% CI). 
Characteristic Age at Injection Initiation <18 (n=229, 39%) Age at Injection Initiation ?18 (n=352, 61%) Odds Ratio (95% CI a ) p-value Adjusted Odds Ratio (95% CI a ) p-value. 
Descriptive statistics stratified by age at injection initiation (<18/?18). Bivariate and multivariate analyses of factors associated with initiating injection drug use before age 18 (n=581). 
CI = Confidence Interval;. 
Variable coded ‘yes’ if participant reported abuse by relative or close family friend; ‘no’ if never reported abuse or abused by someone other than relative or close family friend. 
Percent HIV+ women (95% CI) Percent HIV- women (95% CI) Age-adjusted ratio of proportions (95% CI). 
Biomarker Univariable Multivariable   Est (95% CI) p Est (95% CI) p . 
Day of Life Weight (kg) Dose mg/kg/dose Trough (hours) Trough Level Peak (hours) Peak Level Adjusted. 
Raltegravir Levels in a Treated Newborn. 
Prognostic factor for sVL Category Mean annual proportion Adjusted * ratio of proportions (95% CI). 
Adjusted for all covariates shown and year, age, sex, ethnicity, region, immigration, years HIV+, time on ART, ART regimen, education, employment status, marital status, living with children, alcohol use, and clinic site. 
Subset analysis. 
Drug treatment Drug concentration, uM Luciferase activity, % relative to infected cells p-value, relative to infected cells. 
VL Failure VL Success Disengagement Re-engagement. 
Variable Never had TST (n=866) Ever had TST (n=1141) P value. 
Trials [Reference] Inclusion Criteria Statins Dose (mg/d) RRR for Stroke P value Follow-up. 
Summary of the statins clinical trials: effects on stroke prevention with or without ischemic heart disease. 
Note: MI = myocardial infarction; CHD = coronary heart disease; DM = diabetes mellitus; HR = hazard ratio; IHD = ischemic heart disease; NS = not significant; RRR = relative risk reduction; TIA = transient ischemic attack; UA = unstable angina. 
Trials [Reference] Inclusion Criteria Statins Dose (mg/d) Control Group Evaluation Criteria Efficiency Administration Time. 
Summary of statins clinical trials in stroke severity and functional outcomes. 
Note: HR = hazard ratio; ND = early neurological deterioration; mRS = modified Rankin Scale; NIHSS = national institute of health stroke scale; OR = odds ratio. 
Control (n?=?15) Model (n?=?9) SBS (n?=?12). 
Semiquantitive analysis of Immunohistochemical staining. 
#P?<?0.05 vs. model. 
?P?<?0.01 vs. control; ?P?<?0.05 vs. control. 
Control (n?=?15) Model (n?=?9) SBS (n?=?12). 
Semiquantitive analysis of Western blot. 
*P?<?0.01 vs. model; #P?<?0.05 vs. model. 
?P?<?0.01 vs. control; ?P?<?0.05 vs. control. 
0 (n?=?3) 10 (n?=?3) 12 (n?=?3). 
Semiquantitive analysis of Western blot on HCT116. 
*P?<?0.01 vs. 0 mg/mL; #P?<?0.05 vs.0 mg/mL. 
0 (n?=?3) 10 (n?=?3) 12 (n?=?3). 
Semiquantitive analysis of Western blot on SW480. 
*P?<?0.01 vs. 0 mg/mL; #P?<?0.05 vs. 0 mg/mL. 
T (n?=?3) C (n?=?3) T?+?S (n?=?3) S (n?=?3). 
Semiquantitive analysis of Western blot on SW480 and HCT116. 
T: 10 ng/mL TGF-?1; C: Control; T?+?S: 10 ng/mL TGF-?1 and 12 mg/mL SBS. 
S: 12 mg/mL SBS; *P?<?0.01 vs. T; #P?<?0.05 vs.T. 
Biological processes Protein CUG-residue Template structure (PDB accession code) # Amino acid sequence identity (%) QMEAN score *. 
Overview of analyzed C. albicans proteins . 
The selected experimental three-dimensional structures were used as templates in SWISS-MODEL ( http://swissmodel.expasy.org/ ) (Arnold et al., 2006 ) for calculating homology models of C. albicans proteins, from which secondary structure elements were inferred and used in sequence alignments shown in Figures 3A , 5A , 6A,D . 
The quality of homology models was analyzed with the Qualitative Model Energy ANalysis (QMEAN) server (Benkert et al., 2008 , 2009 ). The QMEAN score is a composite score consisting of a linear combination of six terms: C? interaction energy, all-atom pairwise energy, solvation energy, torsion angle energy, secondary structure agreement (SSE_agree) and solvent accessibility agreement (ACC_agree). The value associated to the QMEAN-score ranges between 0 and 1 with higher values for more reliable models. C. albicans LeuRS model is of insufficient quality for detailed structural analysis and was exclusively used for the schematic representation shown in Figure 1A . 
Component of Milk Potential Diabetogenic Mechanism References. 
Potential diabetogenic mediators of cow´s milk consumption. 
Oncolytic virus Genome and structure Genetic modification Tumor selectivity Refs. 
Oncolytic viruses in preclinical studies on ovarian cancer therapy. 
Abbreviations: TSP, tumor-specific promoter; TS, tumor specific; TK, thymidine kinase; RR, ribonucleotide reductase; VEGF, vascular endothelial growth factor; IFN, interferon; PKR, protein kinase R; TNF, tumor necrosis factor; PI3K, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; LAMR, laminin receptor. 
Virus type Name Study phase Number of patients Efficacy Toxicity Refs Best responses CA-125. 
Summaries of clinical trials of oncolytic virotherapy in patients with ovarian cancer. 
Notes:. 
Number of patients with ovarian cancer, out of the total number of patients with various types of cancer, indicated in the parentheses, in the corresponding clinical trial;. 
studies under compassionate use regulated by the Finnish Medicines Agency FIMEA. With regard to CA-125 tumor markers, MR, PR, SD, and CR indicate a less than 29% decrease, a more than 30% decrease, stabilization, and a normal level in tumor marker, respectively. 
Abbreviations: CR, complete response; PR, partial response; MR, minor response; SD, stable disease; PD, progressive disease; CU, compassionate use. 
We performed microarray studies using the GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST array. For analysis, the P values were adjusted for multiple testing with Benjamini and Hochberg’s method to control for false discovery rate (FDR). Probe sets showing at least a 2-fold change and an FDR?<?0.05 were considered significant. We identified 14 genes with a significantly altered expression profile when comparing starved with control H295R cells. 
*Sign indicates up-regulation. 
Differentially expressed genes in normal growth vs starvation conditions were loaded into DAVID v6.5 software to perform biological functional analysis. Analysis was performed on the 14 gene transcripts identified by microarray analysis setting the fold change cut-off at 2.0 with an adjusted p-value?<?0.05. 
Summary of key features of the DNA viruses discussed in this review. 
Samples [35S]GTP?•RhoA (cpm) (% of control) [35S]GTP?•Rac1 (cpm) (% of control)  Normal keratinocytes SCC-12 cells Normal keratinocytes SCC-12 cells. 
HA-induced RhoA and Rac1 activation in cultured keratinocytes and SCC12 cells . 
Samples NF?B-p65 phosphorylation (% of control) NF?B-p65-specific-transcriptional activity (% of control) IL-6/MCP-1 gene expression relative abundance (%) Cell proliferation (% of control). 
Small HA-mediated RhoA–ROK activation of NF?B-p65 and in cultured SCC-12 cells . 
Samples PKC? phosphorylation (mol of Pi/mol of protein) Stat-3-Ser (727) phosphorylation (% of control) Stat-3-specific transcriptional activity (% of control). 
HA-mediated RhoA–ROK phosphorylation of PKC? and Stat-3 in cultured SCC-12 cells . 
Control 10 ng/ml FGF2 100 ng/ml FGF2. 
Computer-assisted sperm analysis of sperm incubated with 0, 10 or 100 ng/ml FGF2. Parameters measured were: curvilinear velocity (VCL), straight-line velocity (VSL), average path velocity (VAP), linearity (LIN), amplitude of lateral head displacement (ALH), straightness (STR), beat/cross frequency (BCF). Results are expressed as mean ± SEM, n = 12. 
** P < 0.01 compared with Control. 
Patient characteristics Selumetinib alone ( n =34) Selumetinib+temsirolimus ( n =35). 
Selumetinib arm PFS rate 95% CI Sel+Tem arm PFS rate 95% CI. 
Abbreviations: CI=confidence interval; PFS=progression-free survival; Sel=Selumetinib; Tem=temsirolimus. 
  Treatment arm   Selumetinib ( n =34) Sel+Tem ( n =35) a Grade 3 adverse events in >1 patient and grade 4 events Grade 3 Grade 4 Grade 3 Grade 4. 
Abbreviations: Sel=selumetinib; Tem=temsirolimus. 
Adverse events for patients on selumetinib arm are reported prior to cross-over only. 
Important transcription factors for SSCs. 
Name a Sequence (5?-?>?3?). 
The oligonucleotides used in this study. 
aF, forward primer; R, reverse primer. 
Patient no. Sex Age TNM stage Histological grade. 
Clinical data of the patients. 
  Cancer tissues (2 -?Ct ) Normal tissues (2 -?Ct ) Folds (2 -??Ct ). 
Expression value of miR-320c in cancer and matched normal tissues (normalized by U6 RNA). 
Pathway name Pearson coefficient (r) (meta-gene vs. outcome) Q-values F-score. 
Only pathways that strongly correlated (r?0.5) with expression of meta-gene set have been shown. 
Gene ontology Homo sapiens—REFLIST (21804) No of gene hit Expected no. of gene hits Under(-) or over (+)representation of genes P-value. 
Mouse Strain Interior Staining Peripheral Staining Both. 
IGF pathway member Observed or experimental change Confers resistance or increases sensitivity? Affected cancer: Drug/Treatment. 
Summary of IGF pathway members and their implications in promoting resistance or sensitivity to therapy among various human cancers. 
Abbreviations – ALL: acute lymphoblastic leukemia; AML: acute myeloid leukemia; ER+: estrogen receptor positive; HNSCC: Head and neck squamous cell cancer; IGF2BP1: insulin-like growth factor 2 mRNA binding protein 1; IGFBP-rP1: insulin-like growth factor binding protein related peptide 1; NSCLC: Non-small cell lung cancer; RMS: rhabdomyosracoma. 
The upward arrows represent either upregulation, overexpression, or otherwise increased activity of the specific IGF pathway member as observed or experimentally changed in the study. The downward arrows represent either downregulation, underexpression, or otherwise decreased activity of the specified IGF pathway member. 
Total sGRP78 positive Number p-value. 
P-values are based on chi-square test. 
No Gene Symbol Gene Title Fold change Regulation. 
KEGG pathway name Proteins a Median b Benj. Hoch. FDR. 
1-D gene enrichment analysis . 
aNumber of proteins annotated with the KEGG pathway . 
bMedian log 2 fold change for proteins annotated within the KEGG pathway . 
Protein names Gene names P-site Diff a R PhosphoSitePlus kinase NetworKIN. 
Regulated phosphosites in drug resistant cells and the prediction of putative regulatory kinases . 
aLog 2 fold change corrected for protein effect (see text), R (known regulatory site) . 
Agent name Sponsor Cancer types Testing stage a Reference b. 
Insulin/IGF-targeting drug trials . 
aTesting stage indicates phase of current trials or most recent trials that have been conducted . 
bAbsence of a reference number indicates that the trial(s) for the indicated drug and cancer type are ongoing or have been completed but not published. Only published trials are reported for the IGF-IR monoclonal antibodies and OSI-906 due to the large number of trials for these drugs. IGF, insulin-like growth factor; IGF-IR, insulin-like growth factor I receptor; IR, insulin receptor; NSCLC, non-small cell lung cancer; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor . 
Drugs MSTO-211H PC9 NCI-H358 XLA-07 NCI-H1975 A549. 
Sample n p-MSK1 P -value High Low. 
The level of phosphorylated MSK1 (Thr581) in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) and normal nasopharynx tissues. 
Variable * No. of Patients EGFR (%) BRAF 2 (%) ERBB2 (%) K- ras (%) PIK3CA (%) Other Fusions 3 (%) (Adenocarcinoma 1 ). 
1Adenocarcinoma, Adeno with bronchioloalveolar carcinoma, Bronchioloalveolar carcinoma and Adenosquamous carcinoma. 
2Includes BRAF point mutations and SND1-BRAF transcript fusions. 
3Includes ALK+, EZR-ROS1 and KIF5B-RET . 
*No statistically significant difference in mutation distributions for the clinical variables shown. 
Sample Fusion gene directional Type Fusion Strand Encompassing Read Pairs Total SplitReads Exon Boundary Fusion 5? gene Information 3? Gene Information. 
Sample ID Sample Type Methods of Detection Supporting Reads# Sanger Sequencing * 5' Gene Break Point 3' Gene Break Point Other Mutations. 
#NextGen sequencing reads that either span the fusion junction of the transcript in Lu-5 or mapped to the corresponding genomic regions in Y59 and Y69. 
*Sanger sequencing was performed using cDNA. N.F., Not Found. 
96-Well 384-Well 1536-Well - + - + - +. 
Optimization and validation of the HTS assay. 
. 
Properties of the mammalian heat shock factor family members. 
Reads NJCMS1A NJCMS1B Sum. 
Note: Sequence length was 2×101 bp, length of each read was 101 bp using double end sequencing. 
Gene Id Gene Annotation a Log2FC b Regulation c P Value. 
aLog2FC ? 1 represented up-regulated and Log2FC ? -1 represented down-regulated. 
b Regulation direction of DEGs (NJCMS1B was the control). 
c P value of ? 0.05 was considered statistically significant. 
KEGG_ID Pathway name # Gene # Edge # Cancer gene. 
Drug ID Drug name Drug Target(s) No. Cell lines screened. 
Top-20 drug combinations Bottom-20 drug combinations Drug 1 Drug 2 Comb_Effect Drug 1 Drug 2 Comb_Effect. 
E2100 NNN vs PXN E2197 NNN vs PXN GSE25055 NNN vs PXN GSE25065 NNN vs PXN Metabric discovery Nn1 vs PX1 Metabric validation Nn1 vs PX1 TCGA BRCA NNN vs PXN Stouffer weighted Z. 
Results of GSEA using gene set c3.tft.v4.0.symbols.gmt in seven different TN vs ER+(HER2 ?) cohorts ranked by Stouffer weighted Z score. Each cohort has a range of metadata to classify a sample as TN or ER+(HER2 ?). For NNN that indicates the first N = ER ? status, second N = PR ? status and third N = HER2 ? status. An X indicates any value and in Metabric a 1 was used to indicate HER2 ? status. 
Gene Set #Genes #Cohorts Genes Enriched in the Most Cohorts. 
Promoter motif gene signatures that are enriched in the most cohorts indicating that genes are consistently enriched when comparing TN vs ER+(HER2 ?) expression. 
Chemical or genetic perturbations CGP gene set Genes found. 
Promoter motif signatures from Table 2 compared to chemical and genetic perturbation gene sets in c2.cgp.v4.0.symbols.gmt. The identified chemical or genetic perturbation is shown experimentally to down regulate the enriched genes in the Genes found column. 
Transcription factor STITCH 4.0 drug inhibition STITCH 4.0 activation Gene set. 
Transcription factors that target the identified enriched gene sets and drugs associated with inhibition and activation determined by STITCH 4.0. 
Gene Genbank Proportion Entropy High entropy Tissues. 
Determination of transcription factors are expressed in many tissues using Gene Expression Barcode 2.0 ( McCall et al., 2011 ). Rows that are bold indicate transcription factors that are not normally expressed in breast tissue. 
Name forward reverse Anneal T (°C) cycles. 
Treatment Naive IL-2 CTLA-4 blockade CTLA-4 blockade?+?IL-2 Reference ranges. 
Chemistry screen IL-2 and of CTLA-4 blockade immunotherapy. 
ALT, Alanine Transaminase; AST, Aspartate Aminotransferase; BUN, Blood Urea Nitrogen. 
  0?h 6?h (vehicle) 6?h (SL327). 
Primer Sequences Tm (°C) Length (bp). 
Methylation-polymerase chain reaction conditions and primer sequences. 
Tm, annealing temperature; Length, the number of base pairs in the PCR products. 
Gene Primer Tm (°C) Length (bp). 
Polymerase chain reaction conditions and primer sequences. 
Tm, annealing temperature; Length, the number of bp in the PCR products. 
Characteristic LN metastasis (n=30) No LN metastasis (n=30) Total (n=60). 
Clinical characteristics of patients with primary breast cancer. 
Values are expressed as. 
mean ± standard deviation;. 
n (%). LN, lymph node. 
Median PFS Set S 1 S 2 S 3 S 4 S 5 S 6 S 7 S 8 S 9 Measure. 
Different feature sets S 1 to S 9 were tested in the regression analysis, with the median PFS or evolved average PFS applied. S 1 indicates the mutant-inhibitor interaction; S 2 further brings in the mutant-ErbB-2 interaction; S 3 focuses on both the mutant-IGF-1R and mutant-inhibitor interactions; and S 4 includes both the mutant-c-Met and mutant-inhibitor interactions. S 5 to S 7 each includes the mutant-inhibitor interaction and two kinds of mutant-partner interactions, and S 8 or S 9 considers all the four kinds of interactions. Specifically, S 1 to S 8 apply the binding free energy components, while S 9 only adopts the total binding free energy. 
Authors n Systemic therapy Mutation-analysis methods Sequenced exons of PIK3CA Median follow-up time (months, range) Number of PIK3CA -mutant patients (%) Median RFS (wt vs mt) ( P -value) 5-year RFS (%, wt vs mt) ( P -value) HR (as 1.0 for wt) (95% CI) ( P -value). 
Studies evaluating prognostic impact of PIK3CA mutations with recurrence-free survival (RFS) as end point. 
Notes:. 
Two patients had double mutations;. 
denominator 542 samples;. 
including metastatic cases;. 
including tamoxifen-treated patient. 
Abbreviations: mt, mutant; wt, wild type; NR, not reported; NS, not significant; MA, MassArray; DS, direct sequence; SSCP, single-strand conformation polymorphism; PCR-ARMS, polymerase chain reaction amplification-refractory mutation system; RFS, recurrence-free survival; E, endocrine therapy; CTx, chemotherapy; T-mab, trastuzumab; EFS, event-free survival; MFS, metastasis-free survival; DFS, disease-free survival. 
Class of drug Anti-HER2 drugs Endocrine drugs Anti-PI3K-pathway drugs T-mab in adjuvant T-mab in neoadjuvant T-mab in MBC Lapatinib P-mab. 
Summary of predictive value of PIK3CA mutations in clinical settings. 
Abbreviations: T-mab, trastuzumab; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; P-mab, pertuzumab; p-CR, pathologic complete response; DFS, disease-free survival; EFS, event-free survival; OS, overall survival. 
Male Female Mating pairs Litters Pups/litter Litter/pair. 
Uninterrupted mating was performed between sexually mature (aged 8 weeks old) Tmem203 null (tmem203 -/-), heterozygous (tmem203 -/+) and wild type (tmem203 +/+) mice for 17 weeks. All litters and litter sizes were recorded for each mating pair. 
TF Binding Motif (PWM) Transcription Factor Adjusted P-value (BH) Enrichment/ Depletion. 
TF Binding Motif (PWM) Transcription Factor Adjusted P-value (BH) Enrichment/ Depletion. 
Antibodies Outer domain Inner domain Linker Aggregates EC50 (EGFR) nM EC50 (ErbB3) nM. 
Galectin Species Human tissue and cell localization Participation in biological processes relevant to tumors and pregnancy in mammals. 
Mammalian galectins. 
group n RRM1 (mean ± SEM) p-value RRM2 (mean ± SEM) p-value. 
‡ Kruskal-Wallis test. 
§ Mann-Whitney U test. 
patient group n RRM1 p RRM1 HR cytoplasmic RRM2 p cytoplasmic RRM2 HR nuclear RRM2 p nuclear RRM2 HR. 
Variable Hazard Ratio (95% confidence interval) p-value. 
Variable Hazard Ratio (95% confidence interval) p-value. 
Relative movement (RM) Time for S-phase transit ( t S ) (h) Doubling time (h)  Duration of chase Duration of chase . 
NCD Etiological Subtype Characteristics Neuropathology Genetic Markers. 
NCD etiological subtypes, their characteristics, pathologies and genetic markers [ 5 , 6 ]. 
Impaired memory, apathy and depression. 
Gradual onset. 
Cortical amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles. 
A?42. 
A?42 / A?40. 
Tau. 
SNPs (CLU, PICALM, CR1, BIN1, DAB1, CD2AP, TOMM40, EPHA1, CD33, FRMD4A). 
ApoE ?4. 
Similar to AD, but memory is less affected and mood fluctuations more prominent. 
Physical frailty. 
Stepwise onset. 
Cerebrovascular disease. 
Single infarcts in critical regions, or more diffuse multi-infarct disease. 
APP. 
Notch3. 
Cystatin C, GLA, CBS, SYK, TAAR6. 
A? E22Q. 
ApoE ?4. 
More than one etiological process (i.e., VaD and AD, or AD and LBD). 
Neuropathological features for more than one etiological process. 
APOE?. 
??????. 
Marked fluctuation in cognitive ability. 
Visual hallucinations. 
Parkinsonism (tremor and rigidity). 
Cortical Lewy bodies (?Syn). 
2q35-q36. 
GBA1. 
Annexin A5. 
ApoE ?4. 
A-42/A-38 ratio. 
?Syn. 
Gradual cognitive decline following Parkinson´s disease onset. 
Apathy, depressed mood, anxiety. 
REM sleep disorder. 
Excessive daytime sleepiness. 
Cortical Lewy bodies (?Syn). 
?Syn. 
Parkin mutations. 
Personality changes. 
Mood changes. 
Disinhibition. 
Language difficulties. 
No single pathology -damage limited to frontal and temporal lobes. 
t-tau, p-tau181 and A?42. 
A?42/A?40 ratio. 
MAPT, PGRN, C9ORF72, VCP, CHMP2B, TDP-43, FUS, TARDBP. 
Tau. 
Congenital masses Inflammatory masses Neoplastic masses. 
Differential diagnosis of pediatric head and neck masses. 
Modified from Dickson and Davidoff. 
Stage Sites T Size N M. 
TNM pretreatment staging classification for IRS-IV. 
confined to anatomic site of origin;. 
extension and/or fixation to surrounding tissue;. 
#x2264; 5 cm in diameter in size;. 
> 5 cm in diameter in size;. 
regional nodes not clinically involved;. 
regional nodes clinically involved;. 
clinical status of regional nodes unknown;. 
no distant metastasis;. 
distant metastasis present (includes positive cytology in CSF, pleural, or peritoneal fluid, implants on pleural or peritoneal surface). 
Group Extent of disease or surgical result. 
Clinical grouping classification for RMS. 
Risk groups Histology Stage Clinical group. 
Evaluation of the tumor recurrence risk (COG). 
Risk group Histology Clinical group Site N Size & age. 
Risk stratification of localized RMS (CWS). 
Adapted from ftp://ftp.uke.uni-hamburg.de/pub/temp/CWS-2002P-Oktober03_Korrektur.pdf. 
Strain name Genotype Source. 
Yeast strains used in this study. 
Study Cases Controls Analysis Genes Significant Interactions Limitations/Strengths*. 
* beyond those normally identified for case-control studies (e.g., cases may have different assessment of past exposures than controls in a differential way). 
Stem cell types Morphology and cytoskeletal organization Differentiation. 
Effects of matrix stiffness on stem cells in two dimensions versus three dimensions. 
a?y (liquefaction stress): the minimum shear stress required to liquefy the gel is used to measure the substrate stiffness. ASC, adipose-derived stem cell; Col I, collagen I; ESC, embryonic stem cell; FN, fibronectin; Gtn-HPA, gelatin-hydroxyphenylpropionic acid; HyA, hyaluronic acid; MSC, mesenchymal stem cell; PAAm, polyacrylamide; PCL, poly(?-caprolactone); PDMS, polydimethylsiloxane; PEG, poly(ethylene glycol); PES, poly(ether sulfone); PLGA, poly(lactic co-glycolic acid); PLLA, poly(L-lactic acid); RGD, arginine-glycine-aspartate; TG-Gtn, transglutaminase-gelatin. 
Ref. Study Design Population Selenium Salt from and Dosing Regime Outcomes. 
Overview of clinical trials investigating the role of selenium in patients undergoing cardiac surgery. 
CABG, coronary artery bypass graft; CPB, cardiopulmonary bypass; ICU, Intensive Care Unit; IL-6, Interleukin 6; GPx, Glutathione peroxidases; creatine kinase isoenzyme, CK-MB. 
Reference Route Duration Comments Effects on Feeding. 
Summary of the studies that investigated the effects of central leucine treatment on feeding. 
icv, intracerebroventricular; MBH, mediobasal hypothalamus; NTS, nucleus of the solitary tract. 
Reference Route Duration Comments Effects on Feeding. 
Summary of the studies that investigated the effects of leucine supplementation in the diet on feeding. 
Reference Route Duration Comments Effects on Feeding. 
Summary of the studies that investigated the effects of leucine supplementation in the drinking water or by other routes of feeding. 
ip, intraperitoneal; sc, subcutaneous. 
symbol probe rho_normal rho_tumor difference. 
Listing of genes which fit the following criteria: 1) significantly correlated with NKX2-1 in lung adenocarcinomas; 2) correlation of the same pair is ? 0.5 lower in normal lung tissue. 
This list is enriched for genes with roles in glutamine biosynthetic process (highlighted in bold). 
Symbols GeneIDs Full descriptions P value. 
A list of top 30 proteins that are significantly regulated by KSR1 overexpression in the presence of etoposide. 
Codon mutated Number (% total). 
Frequency and type of H-Ras mutations in MMTV-Wnt1 tumors. 
Primary tumor cDNA was amplified and sequenced with H-Ras -specific primers at least once in each direction as described in Methods. Products containing mutant peaks equal to or greater in height than the wild type peaks in at least one sequencing direction were scored as mutation-positive. Mutations in codons 12,13, 59, and 61 were scored as activating mutations. 
MMTV-Wnt1/p53 +/- MMTV-Wnt1/p53 -/- MMTV-Wnt1/MMTV-Neu. 
Frequency of H-Ras mutations in MMTV-Wnt1/p53 +/-, MMTV-Wnt1/p53 -/-, and MMTV-Wnt1/MMTV-Neu tumors. 
Primary tumor cDNAs (11 MMTV-Wnt1/p53 -/- samples) or DNAs (5 MMTV-Wnt1/p53 -/- samples and all of the MMTV-Wnt1/p53+/- samples) were amplified and sequenced with H-Ras -specific primers at least once in each direction, as described in Methods. Mutations were scored by the same criteria described in Table 1. 
Agent Cell line Cell effect Ref. 
p42/p44 MAP kinase Activating agents in Prostatic cells. 
1 *not supported by other studies. 
p42/p44 MAP kinase inactivating agents in Prostatic cells. 
a Can activate ERK at higher doses. 
Agent Cell line Apoptosis Ref. 
JNK stimulating agents in prostatic cells. 
Agent Cell line Apoptosis Ref. 
p38 MAP kinase activating agents in prostatic cells. 
aHomozygous egh 7 exhibits pupal (not embryonic) lethality. 
Drug Target Published Clinical Trials. 
Antiangiogenic Agents in Clinical trials. 
A composite list of various antiangiogenic agents in clinical trials and their targets is shown. VEGF: vascular endothelial growth factor; VEGFR: VEGF receptor; MMP: matrix metalloproteinases; PDGFR: platelet derived growth factor receptor; EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; FGFR: fibroblasts growth factor receptor. 
Inhibitor Mechanism of action Refs. 
Endogenous Inhibitors of Angiogenesis. 
Cell line Time point Number of intense bands % Hypomethylation. 
5-Azacytidine induced hypomethylation analysis in the breast carcinoma cells. 
The number of intense bands as observed is indicated for the nontreated lanes of each cell line from Fig. 1 at each time point. The percentage hypomethylation for each cell line at each time point is shown as percentage loss of bands compared with the corresponding nontreated lane. 
Cell line/band Band size Location BLAST homology (region) Gene(s) Details Tissue/tumour type. 
Sequence analysis of isolated, hypomethylated bands. 
Band size, location, and BLAST homology were determined using BLAST [ 40 ]. Genes, details and expressing tissue were determined using human genome browser software [ 41 ]. 'Tissue/tumour type' refers to the particular cell type or carcinoma in which these mRNAs were previously shown to be expressed. UP, unknown protein. 
Groups Body weight (g) at MNU injection (mean ± SEM) Body Wt. (g) at Sacrifice (mean ± SEM). 
Body weight. 
Body weight at the time of N -methyl- N -nitrosourea (MNU) injection and just before the animals were killed at the termination of the experiment for untreated parous rats (P-Un), parous rats treated with insulin-like growth factor-I (P-IGF-I), and untreated virgin rats that were age matched with the parous animals (AMV). 
Groups Cancer incidence (%) Cancer load number/rat (mean ± SEM) Latency range (days). 
Mammary carcinogenesis in N -methyl- N -nitrosourea injected rats. 
Mammary tumor incidence, latency, and load in untreated parous rats (P-Un), parous rats treated with insulin-like growth factor -I, and in virgin rats that were age matched with the parous animals (AMV). * P < 0.05 versus P-IGF-I and AMV. 
Patient Gender Age at Diagnosis (yr) Follow-up (yr) Clinical Presentation Tumor Evolution Weiss Score. 
Clinical Data of Patients Presenting with Adrenocortical Tumor. 
V: androgen-producing, C: glucocorticoid-producing, H: aldosterone-producing, NF: nonfunctioning, F: estrogen-producing, †: deceased, NM: non-metastasizing, MR: metastasizing/recurring, NA: insufficient data for Weiss score calculation. 
Patient Tumor Evolution GATA-6 Expression GATA-4 Expression LHR Expression. 
GATA-6, GATA-4, and LHR expression in human adrenocortical tumors. 
Patients are identified as in Table 1. Relative expression levels were calculated normalizing optical densities of GATA-6, GATA-4 and LHR autoradiograms with corresponding cyclophilin densitometric data as described in materials and methods. Samples 22a and 22b are tumor specimens removed from left (22a) and right (22b) adrenal of the same patient (patient 22, Table 1) NM: non-metastasizing, MR: metastasizing/recurring. 
Growth Factor/Hormone Signaling Accession fold-change. 
Differential Gene Expression in LAPE Cells Relative to LAPN Cells. 
IPI code Protein* p † Ratio‡ SD Number§. 
List of proteins up- or downregulated by two-fold or more by IFN in this study. 
*Genes previously identified in the microarray study by Williams and colleagues [15] are shown in bold. †ProteinProphet probability score. ‡Ratio of IFN/mock. Ratio of 0.000 or 9999 indicates no detection of the IFN or mock signals, respectively. In either case the standard deviation is expressed as -1. §Number of peptides identified. ¶Proteins in which IFN-mediated expression was differentially regulated among the three cellular fractions in this study. Their ratios refer to specific cellular fractions as indicated: n, nuclear; m, membrane; c, cytoplasmic. 
Gene Position Strand Sequence Binding site. 
Partial list of cis -DNA elements of IFN-induced proteins. 
44% of promoter sequences have at least one of the following consensus sequences: GAS, TTCCSGGAA; ISRE, GAAA(N){1,2}GAAA(G){0,1}C [16]; IRF-3, GAAASSGAAANY; IRF-7, GAAWNYGAAANY. 
Denominator indicates number of tissues examined. Numerator indicates number of tissues bearing SCC. 
Virtual Signature Class MRNA Orientation Poly-Adenelation Features ** Position. 
Classification of the MPSS cDNA signatures. The signature classification used for annotation is shown * The Class 0 signatures are the signatures that hit genome more than 100 times, which is treated as a "repeat sequence". ** The polyA tail is defined as a stretch of A's (at least 13 out of 15 bases) that is no more than 50 bases away from the end of the source sequence. The polyA signal is either AATAAA or ATTAAA that has at least one base within the last 50 base before the end of the source sequence or the polyA tail. *** All the virtual signatures extracted from the genomic sequences are classified as class 1000 signatures. 
HuES_TPM Gene Bank Hs169 Gene chr. 
Senesence and Aging related genes A subset of genes related to senescence and aging that may regulate the lack of senescense in ES cells is shown. Note that the telomerase, morf's, nortalins and sirtuins are all expressed in ES cells. *The TERT gene has a signature uniquely mapping to an intron (cryptic exon?), which was present in all runs of the ES cell analysis and was not found in other human samples (not shown). 
Tpm ES Tpm EB Unigene ID Locus ID Description. 
IGF-/PTEN/Akt and Ras/Raf/MAP pathway A subset of genes related to Igf/PTEN pathway that are expressed in undifferentiated ES cells is shown. Note that the overall pattern of expression suggest that this pathway is active in undifferentiated ES cells. 
SIGNATURE HuES,TPM Chr GB:description Other 36, TPM*. 
Novel genes enriched in hESC as assessed by MPSS A short list of genes of unknown function that are highly enriched in three ES cell lines comparing to 36 different tissues and cells are shown. A complete list of unknown genes expressed in pooled hESC cells is presented in supplementary tables. * NS-neural stem cells, TH-thymus, HY-hypothalamus, PG-pituitary gland, TE-testis ** this gene (Hs.507833 in the unigene Hs.169) is transcribed in antisense to HDCMA18P (Hs.278635). 
GB_accession Gene Symbol HuES_TPM. 
MPSS tpm of genes reported as enriched by microarray in hESC Table 5 Tpm of genes identified as overexpressed microarray analysis of six pooled human ES cell lines. Note that most of them have high tpm values and are detected by MPSS. * – PSIP2 and PSIP1 have 3' alternate termination and distinguished by MPSS (but not by microarray); ** – PODXL: TPM for signature of class 5; 3' most signature has double palindrome and underrepresented. *** – higher expression of GDF3 was detected in other ES cells (suppl.table for BG02 and not shown). **** – expression detected in other human samples (not shown). 
% Positive (MFI) Cell Line CD3 CXCR4 CXCR3 CXCR2. 
Flow cytometric analysis of transfected Jurkat T cell lines. 
CXCR3-, Bcl2-and Neo-transfected Jurkat T cells were stained using IgG FITC-labeled antibodies to CD3, CXCR4, CXCR3, and CXCR2 and analyzed for cell surface protein expression via flow cytometric analysis. The data are expressed as % positive (mean fluorescence intensity). It should be noted that the CXCR3-transfected Jurkat cells expressed low levels of CXCR3 on their cells surface suggesting a lower receptor density in comparison to CXCR4. 
BAND Bp GENE LOCUSLINK GENEACC NAME. 
Differentially expressed genes post chemokine treatment. 
Patient Dose (mg) Age/sex Diagnosis Stage Antigen expression ras status. 
Characteristics of patient AML samples. 
WT = wild-type. 
Gene Forward Sequence Reverse Sequence. 
Primer sequences used for RT-PCR. 
Cell line IC50 (nM)† ras status. 
Anti-proliferative effects of tipifarnib for AML cell lines. 
† The IC50 was calculated from two independent experiments. The mean value is shown. 
Network Genes in Ingenuity network* Associated pathways Score†. 
Genetic networks affected by tipifarnib. 
* Bold genes are those identified by the microarray analysis. Other genes were either not on the expression array or not significantly regulated. † A score of > 3 was considered significant (p < 0.001). 
Primer Name sequence PCR Product Length (bp) Accession Number. 
The primers for RT-PCR analysis. 
Astrocytoma Non astrocytoma. 
The clinical and pathological profiles of the patients. 
a? Maeda-Yorita et al. (1991). 
b?Determined from the ratios obtained in the trapping experiment and the standard redox potential. 
c? Nelson et al. (2000). 
d?Determined from the ratios obtained in the trapping experiment, assuming that AhpC is in equilibrium with the cellular redox potential as represented by the GSH/GSSG redox pair. 
e?Calculated from the concentrations of GSH and GSSG in E. coli DHB4 ( Aslund et al. 1999 ), assuming that AhpC is in equilibrium with the cellular redox potential as represented by the GSH/GSSG redox pair. 
f?Based on the formation of intermolecular dimers, a ratio of [AhpCred]2/[AhpCox] was used ( Ellis and Poole 1997 ). 
a?The activity/protein ratio of the given protein spot on gels from differentially trapped extracts from E. coli DHB4 ( wild-type) was divided by the corresponding activity/protein ratio on gels from differentially trapped extracts from E. coli LL029 ( dsbA ::kan). 
b?The p -value according to the TTEST function of Excel 2000 (Microsoft, Redmond, Washington, United States). 
c?The activity/protein ratio of the given protein spot on gels from differentially trapped extracts from E. coli DHB4 ( wild-type) grown under oxygen limitation was divided by the corresponding ratio on gels from differentially trapped extracts from E. coli LL029 ( dsbA ::kan) grown under oxygen limitation. 
d?Localization according to Swiss-Prot ( http://us.expasy.org/sprot/ ) ( Boeckmann et al. 2003 ) or PSORTB ( http://www.psort.org/psortb/index.html ) ( Gardy et al. 2003 ). CP, cytoplasmic; IM, inner membrane; OM, outer membrane; PP, periplasmic. 
e?Imp and the outer membrane protein YaeT migrate to the same position in the 2D gels. 
a?The activity/protein ratio of the given protein spot on gels from differentially trapped extracts from E. coli DHB4 ( wild-type) treated with 4 mM H2O2 was divided by the corresponding ratio on gels from differentially trapped extracts from untreated E. coli DHB4. 
b?The p -value according to the TTEST function of Excel 2000. 
c?Localization according to Swiss-Prot ( http://us.expasy.org/sprot/ ) ( Boeckmann et al. 2003 ) or PSORTB ( http://www.psort.org/psortb/index.html ) ( Gardy et al. 2003 ). CP, cytoplasmic; PP, periplasmic. 
a?The 14C activity/protein ratio of the given protein spot on gels from differentially trapped extracts from E. coli DHB4 ( wild-type) was divided by the corresponding 14C activity/protein ratio on gels from differentially trapped extracts from E. coli WP570 (? trxA ). 
b?The p -value according to the TTEST function of Excel 2000. 
c?Localization according to Swiss-Prot ( http://us.expasy.org/sprot/ ) ( Boeckmann et al. 2003 ) or PSORTB ( http://www.psort.org/psortb/index.html ) ( Gardy et al. 2003 ). CP, cytoplasmic; IM, inner membrane; OM, outer membrane; PP, periplasmic. 
Promoter construct Reference. 
Promoter constructs that have been exploited for breast carcinoma gene therapy. 
. 
Enzyme Prodrug Cytotoxic product. 
Enzyme-prodrug systems under investigation for genetic prodrug activation therapy applications. 
. 
This table highlights the relationship between skeletal muscle fiber-type composition and the indicated contractile and metabolic properties thats are consistent with differences in speed and endurance. All values are expressed as a fold-change relative to ST oxidative fibers. 
Mechanisms Drugs. 
Drug related glucocorticoid insufficiency. 
ACTH, adrenocorticotrophic hormone; CRH, corticotropin-releasing hormone. 
Semantic Agent – Structure Biological Example. 
Classification of biological structures in 6 prototypes in the semantic network. 
Semantic Agent – Event Biological Example. 
Classification of biological events in 5 prototypes in the semantic network. 
Structure Sum. 
The number of structure and event prototypes modeled in the cell signaling network of the macrophage. 
Known response in the macrophage Other potential response in the macrophage. 
Simulation results from M. tuberculosis invasion in the human macrophage. 
A-FLIGHT-U ACRONYM Identification of multiple metabolic toxicities and injurious stimuli responsible for reactive oxygen species production. (figure 2). 
GROUPS Abbreviated Mechanisms. 
Hyperuricemia: clinical clusters at cardiovascular risk. 
Deleterious effects of hyperinsulinemia (HI). 
ENZYMATIC ANTIOXIDANTS. 
Antioxidants: enzymatic – nonenzymatic inactivation of free radicals. 
* Beckman JS and Koppenol WH [1996] Nitric oxide, superoxide, and peroxynitrite: the good, the bad, and ugly. Am J Physiol 271(5 Part 1): C1424–C1437. 
[Origin and Location] Enzymatic Pathways: [ROS] Potent Oxidants: [Products] Oxidized lipids and proteins:. 
Origin, enzymatic pathways of reactive oxygen species, and their oxidized products. 
* Beckman JS and Koppenol WH [1996] Nitric oxide, superoxide, and peroxynitrite: the good, the bad, and ugly. Am J Physiol 271(5 Part 1): C1424–C1437. 
The positive effects of eNOS and eNO. 
The RAAS Acronym: GLOBAL RISK REDUCTION. 
Nutritional guidelines for hyperuricemia. 
No Proteina Domainb Constructc Organismd Protein Familye MW (Kda) pI Cys % GRAVYf hp_aag Sub-cellular Location LCh CCi. 
Proteins for expression study with selected features. 
aLocusLink symbol. bDomain: LB, ligand binding; TK, tyrosine kinase; SAM, sterile alpha motif; EC, extra-cellular; FL, full-length; bd, binding domain. cConstruct expressed numbered by amino acid position (start – finish / total). dOrganism: Mm, Mus musculus; Hs, Homo sapiens; Av, Aequoria Victoria. eProtein family nomenclature according to the Pfam database . fGRAVY, grand average of hydropathicity index. gHighest number of contiguous hydrophobic amino acids (A, V, I, L, W or F). hLC and iCC, number of low complexity and coiled coil regions according to Pfam database. 
N-TERMINAL FUSION   Protein (domain) H6 H10 H10-GFP H10-GST H10-Trx H10-MBP    T S T S T S T S T S T S. 
N-Terminal fusion expression comparison. 
Numbers correspond to total (T) or soluble (S) expression yield (mg/l). Yields greater than 2 mg/l are in bold, nc-not cloned. 
C-TERMINAL FUSION   Protein (domain) V5-H6 H10 GFP-H10 GST-H10 Trx-H10 MBP-H10 Dhfr-H10 DHFR-H10    T S T S T S T S T S T S T S T S. 
C-Terminal fusion expression comparison. 
Numbers correspond to total (T) or soluble (S) expression yield (mg/l). Yields greater than 2 mg/l are in bold. 
No. Protein Accession No. PfamA Domaina Construct MW (kDa) hp_aa LC Total Expression (mg / l) Soluble Expression (mg / l). 
Expression levels of mammalian proteins expressed with N-terminal H10-MBP fusions, with selected protein features. 
Features listed as Table 1 except: aPfamA domains contained within expressed protein and bna – no PfamA domains annotated. 
Chemo, chemotherapy. 
Controls Clones. 
Microarray composition. 
Total Clones Singlet Doublet Smear No Product Visible. 
Appearance of PCR product following gel electrophoresis. 
Note: PCR-amplified fragments were visualized on ethidium bromide stained 1% agarose, 1 × TBE gels. Approximately 13% of PCR products could not be visualized following the first amplification due to product yield below the threshold of ethidium bromide detection; 54% of these (183) were re-amplified. 
Number Percentage. 
EST composition of array. 
Note: EST analysis includes the ESTs of the positive controls ( Rattus norvegicus hemoglobin chains). 
Number ESTs Represented. 
Putative transcripts represented on the array following EST assembly. 
Note: EST assembly includes the ESTs of the positive controls ( Rattus norvegicus hemoglobin chains). 
Blastn (WGS An. gambiae ) Blastx (Nr) Blastn (Nr) Blastn (dbEST) Unannotated Total. 
Sequence similarity of consensus sequences. 
Early Genes Middle Genes Late Genes Total. 
Bioinformatic analysis of two-fold expressed genes. 
*The complete data set (Early, Middle and Late genes combined) contains 413 unique transcripts. However, ten transcripts are present in two different gene sets and were counted twice as a result. 
Early Middle Late. 
Functional annotation of AS represented by microarray expression group. 
AS ID Ensembl ID Microarray in silico Molecular Functions Biological Processes. 
List of genes differentially expressed* in female A. gambiae at 24 hours post-blood meal in both microarray and in silico (Ribeiro, 2003) gene expression studies. 
*; These genes displayed at least 2-fold up- or down-regulation relative to the control. 
**: AS 205 shows discrepancy between microarray and in silico expression data. 
Up: up-regulation; Down: down-regulation. 
Gene description (Gene down-regulated in lung AD) Probe set Fold log(AD/N) Mean expression for normal lung Mean expression for AD lung. 
Genes that were identified to be down- or up-regulated in adenocarcinomas. 
The description of each gene, its probe set in HG-U133A GeneChip and log fold change are given in the table. The complete table can be downloaded at . 
Annotation term Total Found Expected P -value. 
The gene ontology terms overrepresented in the set of genes down-regulated by at least 2-fold in adenocarcinomas. 
For each gene ontology term, the total number of genes with this term in the HG-U133A GeneChip, the total number of genes carrying that term in M AD, the P -value of this and the expected number of genes are tabulated. The member genes for each gene ontology term can be downloaded at . 
Annotation term Total Found Expected P -value. 
The gene ontology terms overrepresented in the set of genes up-regulated by at least 2-fold in adenocarcinomas. 
Details are as described in Table 2 . 
Gene Ontology  Location b Frequency c Similar regulation d Putative transcription factors e. 
Highly conserved DNA regions, detected with MoDEL, in regions 5 kb directly upstream of the transcription start site in putatively co-regulated gene sets. 
The complete table can be downloaded at . 
aOverrepresented gene ontology terms. 
bLocation of conserved sequence upstream of the transcription start site. 
cFrequency of occurrence of conserved sequence in 5 kb upstream regions of genes given in ( 32 ). 
dPercentage of the genes with a matched upstream sequence and their expression trends. 
eTranscription factor name from TRANSFAC (8.3) FACTOR table ( 35 , 73 ). 
BAIT PREY HIS LACZ. 
Interaction of LPP with Scrib in the yeast two-hybrid system. 
Yeast cells (CG-1945), cotransformed with a bait and a prey as indicated, were selected on medium containing 5 mM 3-AT, lacking Trp, Leu and His. Yeast colonies were tested for the expression of ?-galactosidase. 
+ indicates strong positive interaction; - indicates no interaction. 
BAIT PREY HIS -HIS. 
Interaction of LPP with PDZ domains of proteins different from Scrib. 
Yeast cells, cotransformed with pGBT9-LPPWT and a pACT2-prey as indicated, were selected on medium lacking Leu and Trp, and either containing His or no His with 5 mM 3-AT. 
+ indicates growth of yeast transformants; - indicates no growth of yeast transformants. 
Membrane receptors (relative mRNA expression in relation to GAPDH) Transduction efficiency (luciferase activity of Ad.Luc.RGD over Ad.Luc)    Cell type CAR ?v Integrin . 
Increased transduction of synovial fibroblasts with recombinant adenoviruses with RGF-modified fibre knobs. 
Different cell types (immortalized murine chondrocyte cell line [H1], RAW 264,7 macrophage cell line, and murine synovial fibroblast cell line [ROG]) were infected with either recombinant Ad.Luc or Ad.Luc.RGD at a MOI of 100. The luciferase (Luc) gene was under the control of the cytomegalovirus (CMV) promoter, and Luc activity was measured in cell extracts taken 24 hours after infection. Basal mRNA levels of Coxsackie and adenovirus receptor (CAR), ?v integrin, and the housekeeping gene glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) were determined using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. Transduction efficiency is presented as the ratio of the modified virus as compared with the wild-type adenovirus. ND, not detectable. (Viruses kindly provided by Curiel D, Gene Therapy Center at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, USA.). 
X N1 N10 N100 G1 G10 G100 B1 B10 B100. 
Percentage of neurons expressing markers. 
The percentage of total NF-H-positive neurons expressing TRPV1, CGRP or IB4 is shown for each growth factor condition (X: no growth factor, N: NGF, G: GDNF, B: BDNF). 
Gene Names Function Regulation Reference. 
Examples of genes regulated by GR. 
Abbreviations : TAT, tyrosine aminotransferase; PEPCK, phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase; G6Pase, glucose-6-phosphatase; VLDLR, very low density lipoprotein receptor; aP2, adipocyte fatty acid binding protein or A-FABP; GLUT-4, glucose transporter 4; HSL, hormone sensitive lipase; LPL, lipoprotein lipase; TNF-?, tumor necrosis factor ?; CRH, corticotrophin-releasing hormone; POMC, proopiomelanocortin; IL-6, interleukin 6; IL-8, interleukin 8; ICAM-1, intercellular adhesion molecule 1. 
Characteristic No. of patients (%). 
Clinicopathological variables in the patients entered into this study. 
ER, oestrogen receptor; GPG, good prognostic group; IHC, immunohistochemistry; MPG, moderate prognostic group; NPI, Nottingham Prognostic Index; PPG, poor prognostic group; VNPC, Van Nuys Pathologic classification. 
Protein Cancer type Location Tumour no. (%) MQS 0–2 (0) MQS 3–5 (1+) MQS 6–8 (2+). 
Immunohistochemical MQSs (0–8) for p14ARF, p53 and Hdm2 expression in the nucleus and cytoplasm of invasive ductal cancer and ductal carcinoma in situ. 
Tumour numbers scored (MQS 0–8) by immunohistochemistry for p14ARF, p53 and Hdm2 expression in the nucleus and cytoplasm of invasive cancers and ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) are shown. Immunohistochemistry expression was assessed individually in the nucleus and the cytoplasm, and is defined as negative (0) (MQS 0–2), weak/moderate (1+) (MQS 3–5) and strong (2+) (MQS 6–8). Positivity for p14ARF, p53 and Hdm2 expression was defined as an MQS of 3 or more (1+/2+). 
Nuclear p14 ARF MQS     0 ( n = 19) 1+ ( n = 28) 2+ ( n = 42)   Nuclear p53 MQS 0 ( n = 59) 13 21 25  1+ ( n = 17) 2 5 10  2+ ( n = 13) 4 2 7. 
Relationships between nuclear expression of p14ARF with nuclear p53 and Hdm2 in invasive breast cancers. 
Tumour numbers scored (MQS 0–8) by immunohistochemistry for nuclear p14ARF are compared with those for nuclear p53; nuclear p14ARF with nuclear Hdm2; and nuclear p53 with nuclear Hdm2. Nuclear expression of p14ARF, Hdm2 and p53 is represented as negative (0) (MQS 0–2), weak/moderate (1+) (MQS 3–5) and strong (2+) (MQS 6–8). Tumour numbers reflect the combined assessment of protein pairs. Positivity for p14ARF, p53 and Hdm2 expression was defined as 1+/2+ (MQS ? 3). 
Variable Univariate analysis Multivariate analysis. 
Relationships between clinicopathological variables, subcellular Hdm2 and patient outcome. 
Confidence intervals (CI) and P values are given for the results of both the univariate and multivariate analyses. Data for the univariate analysis were evaluable in 97 patients (reflecting the exclusion of 6 local tumour recurrences as described in the Methods section) and included a multivariate analysis on 86 cases that excluded non-evaluable Nottingham Prognostic Index (NPI) (nodes, grade and size) in 11 patients. All clinicopathological variables and subcellular Hdm2 modified Quick-scores (MQSs) were analysed as a continuum, with lymph node status and lymphovascular invasion being assessed as present or absent. Univariate and multivariate analyses for cytoplasmic Hdm2 (and nuclear Hdm2) (overall survival) were evaluated on 77 and 70 patients, respectively (85 patients univariate [disease-free survival], and 77 patients multivariate, [disease-free survival]). The multivariate analysis is adjusted for NPI and treatment (tamoxifen/chemotherapy/none). Relationships that reached significance ( P < 0.05) are highlighted in bold. ER, oestrogen receptor. 
Agent EGFR IC50 (?mol/l) HER2 IC50 (?mol/l) HER4 IC50 (?mol/l) Reversible/irreversible Source. 
Small molecule inhibitors of ErbB tyrosine kinases in clinical development. 
AEE-788 also inhibits KDR with a 50% inhibitory concentration (IC50) of 0.077 ?mol/l. NR, not reported. EGFR, epidermal growth factor receptor; HER, human epidermal growth factor receptor. 
Small molecule ErbB inhibitors in breast cancer: clinical data. 
HER, human epidermal growth factor receptor; MBC, metastatic breast cancer; MR, minor response; NR, not reported; PR, partial response; SD, stable disease (> 6 months unless otherwise stated). 
Organism GenBank Accession No. Comments. 
Sin1 genes and their GenBank accession numbers. 
"Comments" briefly describe the methods used to obtain the sequences. 
S. pomb e (665 aa) N. crassa (798 aa) C. elegans (684 aa) D. melanogaster (569 aa) A. gambiae (548 aa) F. Rubripes (530 aa) X. lavis (520 aa) G. gallus (522 aa) M. musculus (522 aa) R. norvegicus (522 aa) O. aries (522 aa) B. Taurus (522 aa) S. scrofa (522 aa) H. sapiens (522 aa). 
Pairwise comparisons of Sin1 cDNA and amino acid sequences from various species. 
Notes: 1. Numbers in the upper-right half above the diagonal are identity percentages for amino acid sequences. 
2. Numbers in the lower-left half below the diagonal are identity percentage for DNA sequences. 
3. Numbers below the species names are the lengths of the Sin1 protein. 
4. NA, Not applicable, i.e. no significant similarity was found. 
5. Astericks, significant similarity occurs only in one region of the protein. For details, see the notes below:. 
S. pombe-C. elegans: significant similarity occurs in one region (170 aa: 252–391). 
S. pombe- D. melanogaster : significant similarity occurs in one region (120 aa: 278–407). 
S. pombe- A. gambiae: significant similarity occurs in one region (94 aa: 282–375). 
N.crassa-C. elegans: significant similarity occurs in one region (90 aa: 376–465). 
N.crassa-D. melanogaster: significant similarity occurs in one region (58 aa: 407–464). 
N.crassa-A. gambiae: significant similarity occurs in one region (207 aa: 250–456). 
N.crassa-Xenopus: significant similarity occurs in one region (127 aa: 338–464). 
N.crassa-M. musculus: significant similarity occurs in one region (127 aa: 338–464). 
C. elegans-D. melanogaster: significant similarity occurs in one region (169 aa: 198–366). 
C. elegans-A. gambiae: significant similarity occurs in one region (178aa: 198–375). 
6. Sequences and their GenBank accession numbers are: O. aries (AY547378), B. taurus (BF230134, AV603930, CB433957, BM480500), H. sapiens (NM_024117, BC002326), S. scrofa (CF791532, CF178115, BP459453, CF177341), M. muscus (BQ713136, BF781677, BU152256), R. norvegicus (CK476507, BE127132, BF553331, BU759329, AW141364), G. gallus (AF153127), X. laevis (BC043789), F. rubripes (Sequence accessible at ), D. melanogaster (AE003814), A. gambiae (XM_319576); S. pombe (AL136521, NP_594703, CAB66311); N. crassa (XP_322410). 
Yeast Drosophila Frog Chicken Mouse Cattle Human. 
Comparison across species of the amino acid sequence conservation of Sin1 with some other conserved genes. 
Values for percentage identities were obtained by aligning amino acid sequences from various species with their human counterparts. CDK, cyclin-dependent kinase. The GenBank accession numbers for sequences are as follows. Human ( Homo sapiens ): histone H3 (AAH66884), ?-actin (NP_001092), CDK1 (P06493), Sin1 (NM_024117, BC002326). Cattle ( Bos taurus ): histone H3 (P16105), ?-actin (AAM98378), CDK1 (P48734), Sin1 (BF230134, AV603930, CB433957, BM480500). Mouse ( Mus musculus ): histone H3 (NP_062342), ?-actin (NP_031419), CDK1 (NP_031685), Sin1 (BQ713136, BF781677, BU152256). Chicken ( Gallus gallus ): histone H3 (I50245), ?-actin (NP_990849), CDK1 (P13863); Sin1 (AF153127). Frog ( Xenopus laevis ): histone H3 (P02302), ?-actin (AAC27796), CDK1 (P35567, Sin1 (BC043789). Fly ( Drosophila melanogaster ): histone H3 (NP_724345), ?-actin (NP_511052), CDK1 (NP_476797), Sin1 (AE003814). Yeast ( Schizosaccharomyces pombe ): histone H3 (NP_595567), ?-actin (NP_595618), CDK1 (NP_595629), Sin1 (NP_014563). 
Gene name Tag Locus Link Fold change ( p value) Frequency #. 
Most highly up-modulated transcripts in ER? (+) breast carcinomas identified by SAGE. 
* Genes with known or putative high-affinity EREs mapping in the vicinity of the TSS. 
# Transcripts tags changing > 2-fold when compared with the average expression of ER (-) tumors in at least 8 of 18 (44%) ER? (+) invasive carcinomas SAGE libraries. 
For the whole list of ER? associated transcripts see additional data file 1 . 
Gene name Locus Link ID Fold change Frequency Gene name Locus Link Fold change Frequency #. 
Transcripts identified as over-expressed in ER? (+) breast cancers commonly detected by cross-platforms comparison (SAGE and oligonucleotide microarrays). 
* Genes with known or putative high-affinity EREs mapping in the vicinity of the TSS. 
# Transcripts tags changing > 2-fold when compared with the average expression of ER? (-) tumors. Underlined genes correspond to the transcripts cross-validated among all three compared platforms. 
HCT 116 + Ch. 3; H- ras codon 12 middle G:C HCT 116; H- ras codon 12 middle G:C    G:T G:A G:T G:A. 
Mismatch repair at an oncogenic site within MMR proficient and MMR deficient human nuclear extracts. 
a Repair efficiency above background for each mismatch at H- ras codon 12 by each human nuclear extract was determined by the following equations [39]. 
Total repair efficiency = 100 × (1 - [fraction of nonrepaired mixture incubated with human nuclear extract results / fraction of nonrepaired results of direct transformation of NR9161]). 
Correct repair efficiency = 100 × {(fraction of correctly repaired incubated with human nuclear extract) - [(fraction of correct repair by NR9161 direct transformation) × (1 - fraction of total repair efficiency)]}. 
Incorrect repair efficiency = Total repair efficiency - Correct repair efficiency. 
b No repair detected above background. 
* Designates statistical difference between HCT116 + Ch.3 G:T and G:A repair at P < 0.05. 
**Designates statistical difference between HCT116 + Ch.3 G:T and G:A repair at P < 0.005. 
Function (Fig. 1 ) Protein Fold-Change Function (Fig. 1 ) Protein Fold-Change. 
Transcripts With Significant Changes In Expression After Inhibition Of NF-?B Nuclear Translocation*. 
* This composite data represents the mean changes of 3 independent experiments. 
Protein Fold-Change Function (Fig. 1 ). 
Proteins With Significant Changes In Expression After Inhibition of NF-?B Nuclear Translocation*. 
* This composite data represents the mean changes of 2 independent samples. 
